+++
author = "Alesha Dixon"
title = "Alesha Dixon Quotes"
quotes_len = "86"
description = "the best 86 Alesha Dixon Quotes"
keywords = "alesha dixon,alesha dixon quotes,alesha dixon quote,alesha dixon sayings,alesha dixon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have different methods. Sometimes I just like to immerse myself in music; that's a really good way to switch off from the world. I also like to listen to Eckhart Tolle, a very wise, very spiritual man, who teaches us how to live in the present.''' ,'''The older you are, the wiser you are. The more comfortable you are in your own skin, the more you know yourself, the more patient you are. I don't sweat the small stuff any more.''' ,'''Success now is waking up in the morning and being comfortable in my own skin. You can go to a job that pays well, but if you're not happy in yourself or if you're not grateful for what you have, it means nothing.''' ,'''I used to be cagey about my love life. I was cagey for four years. Az and I only decided to come out because we were pregnant. Otherwise, we would have kept it quiet. It really was a case of staying private. I am not one of those people who frivolously throws their private life out there.''' ,'''Maybe because I'm mixed race, I don't see the colour when I look at Meghan; I just see a beautiful, articulate, lovely woman who has stolen the heart of Harry, and I wish them a lifetime of happiness.''' ,'''I started out as a duo with Mis-Teeq's Sabrina Washington, and we worked for four or five years before signing a record deal. I had no money, and I was taking part-time jobs just to earn the train fare to get to rehearsals.''' ,'''I do believe that men and women are different, and that should be celebrated, but at the same time, I think there's a lot of things girls can do, and do equally, as well. Whether it's fighting for equal pay or just to be treated with respect, it's something I think is really important.''' ,'''When there is a danceoff, it's scary thinking that someone's destiny or fate is in your hands. I actually always prefer it when the public decide on something rather than four individuals. 11 million people are a lot more powerful than four judges.''' ,'''My friends say that at school I was quite bossy. I still am a bit bossy, but a nice bossy. I've always been very strong-minded, even as a little girl. But I'm a great friend, and I've never been in a fight in my life. I think it's nice to be nice, especially because I've never been scared to stick up for myself. I'm not a shrinking violet.''' ,'''I grew up in Welwyn Garden City, and when you're a woman of colour in a predominantly white area, you become aware of prejudice from a young age.''' ,'''It's rare to see a person of colour in a lead role. It does matter to a lot of people.''' ,'''As time goes by, we're getting more accepting of the differences between one another - whether it's gay or transgender, whether it's black or white - but there's still a lot of people in the world who don't feel that they can express themselves as they want.''' ,'''Going out to eat is one of the most enjoyable things about going away, and I do like to try the local delicacies. I'm very open-minded with food, and I think, when you go abroad, that's the time to experiment and try something new.''' ,'''Azura is a complete joy and has changed my life. She keeps me on track. I want to make sure I'm the best person I can possibly be for her.''' ,'''I've always had a passion for dancing, and I wasn't lucky enough to go to stage school, so when I got onto the show, I was like a kid in a sweet shop. I went into it just to have fun. The support was overwhelming, to say the least. It wasn't until the end of the show that I realised how much I really wanted to win it.''' ,'''I knew I always wanted to be my own boss. My mum would say I've been my own boss since primary school. It was probably always my destiny.''' ,'''Life's easier and nicer when you let go of the past and look to the future.''' ,'''My laugh is filthy. I'd change it if I could, but it's become a trademark.''' ,'''I'd be lying if I did not say that being a woman of colour is something I am always mindful or aware of.''' ,'''I was the only mixed-race girl in my school, but for me, that was a positive thing; it made me unique. If it wasn't for spending time with the black side of my family, perhaps I may have felt like an outcast, but I never did.''' ,'''I'm happy to be human, and being human means we aren't perfect.''' ,'''I've not been anywhere in Central or South America before. The closest I've been is Cancun and Cabo in Mexico. But I think I'd love the culture, the sprit, and the energy of Brazil.''' ,'''This is going to make me sound awful, but I was 18 when I took my first flight because the Prince of Brunei flew Mis-Teeq over to play at his birthday party! I was in business class being fed amazing food. I got over my fear pretty quickly.''' ,'''Every young person needs to have a character that they can identify with and feel included by.''' ,'''I used to be really afraid and anxious of taking on too much, and the older I'm getting, the more fearless I'm becoming. Life is so much more relaxed when you're like that.''' ,'''The most important thing for me, when somebody asks me what I class as being a success, is being a decent human being.''' ,'''I am constantly thinking of different ideas and formats for TV shows. I am in a place where anything is possible if you want to do it.''' ,'''I don't worry about the future because that will take care of itself. I don't carry around past baggage because what's that going to do for me? We only have now.''' ,'''I love the fact that I can live a spontaneous lifestyle.''' ,'''I exercise to stay strong, healthy, and stage-ready. I never prepare for a red carpet - I just go with the flow.''' ,'''When I first got the call to do 'Britain's Got Talent', it was actually Amanda who was one of the first people to reach out to me and suggest we go out for a coffee and have a conversation. And we did, and it was great.''' ,'''I've got so many dance heroes, and it's such a cliche, but how can I not say Michael Jackson? Michael Jackson, Janet Jackson, Paula Abdul - they are the people I remember when I was a little girl, watching their videos and trying to learn all the choreography.''' ,'''Sometimes in life, when bad things happen to us, or things aren't going our way, or we're faced with a challenge or a problem, it's how you look at the problem; it's how you do it to change your mindset, to dilute the negativity.''' ,'''As much as I love beach holidays, I do really like to get out and about and explore. It's why I like Los Angeles: because I can easily drive to Malibu or Santa Monica to see what they have to offer. I get itchy feet if I stay still too long in one place when I'm abroad.''' ,'''When I was a little girl, I was a little bit of a show off.''' ,'''A family holiday to Jamaica in 2004 - my uncle was getting married out there, and it was the first holiday I'd had in Jamaica, which is where my father is from. My friends and I stayed in a really plush hotel, The Ritz-Carlton, so we had a great experience.''' ,'''Anyone who walks out on stage, whether he's eight or 80, they'll go, 'Oh, Alesha, he'd be good for you.' I'm the butt of the single jokes.''' ,'''I love to look good - I love to get glammed up - but it's not the most important thing in my world, and I'm not afraid to not be perfect. I can see where there is a lot of pressure 'cause we live in a very visual world, but I try to go a bit deeper than that. Things are just more important!''' ,'''I prefer to focus on who I am as a person and what I stand for. We all want to look good, but I find it more rewarding to work on feeling good and going a bit deeper beneath the surface.''' ,'''Sadly, I've learnt that prejudice still exists in parts of the entertainment industry - I did an interview with a magazine once, and the journalist quite openly said they wouldn't put a black person on the front cover because the magazine wouldn't sell.''' ,'''When I saw Neneh Cherry singing on TV, I was so glad that there was someone of the same ethnicity - and with the same curly hair - for me to look up to.''' ,'''Once you've been through tough times, you can only become stronger.''' ,'''Life's too short to dwell on things. When you go through experiences that are bad, it's a good thing. You learn from it - become a stronger person. Life is a roller coaster, and you don't know what's going to be thrown at you next, so all you can do is give it your best shot.''' ,'''Even though it's called Music Of Black Origin, it's not just music for black people. Music is for everybody. I think it's good that black music is acknowledged, and it's open for lots of artists, including white artists who have been inspired by black musical heritage.''' ,'''I guess when you're holding the creative reins, you can be across everything, and it's more authentic. You can control it.''' ,'''I think all human beings can surprise themselves when they are in situations where they are tested. That's when you see your true character coming out, and I was definitely tested.''' ,'''I have definitely had times in my career where I have wondered whether I have had to work a bit harder, prove myself more, but I would never want to be in a position where I am saying, 'Oh, I did not get that job because of my race.'''' ,'''Not strict, no - but I've always been very conscious about just being healthy and taking care of myself.''' ,'''Britain is an amazing multicultural place to live in, and that should be celebrated and represented.''' ,'''In terms of the culture, you can't beat Japan. It's my favourite country. It's one of those places you never want to leave. I love the people, I love the food, and I love their fashion because they're not afraid to experiment.''' ,'''I always take an iPod and iPod speakers so that when you're in the hotel room you can have it on, or when you're at the beach you can put it on quietly. Music can really set the tone for your holiday.''' ,'''Babies smell amazing, but I'm not one of these women who smell a baby and go, 'I want one.' I see a dog over the field and go, 'I want one.'''' ,'''I've always been taught that life is a series of chapters, and it's all about moving forward and not carrying around baggage.''' ,'''There still aren't many black women on prime-time TV. Times are changing, but it's interesting: we're in 2013 and still experiencing firsts... Hopefully, in the next 100 years, things will balance even more.''' ,'''I had kind of left college. I wanted to study to be a sports teacher, but I had that little inner voice within me that said, 'You should be doing something else,' and I followed that gut instinct.''' ,'''Growing up, I used to think I'd never get on a plane - I was terrified. But when I joined Mis-Teeq, being on a plane was my job. I used to scream on flights. Full-on screams.''' ,'''If you have a positive frame of mind, you can manifest positive things in your life.''' ,'''We always have a really bad dancer on 'Strictly,' like Kate Garraway or Fiona Phillips, and that's great, and we love it, but when it comes to the quarters and semis, you want the best dancers left in.''' ,'''You can't always trust people with your heart, but you should still love anyway. That's what I would say.''' ,'''Dancing is one of the best ways of expressing yourself, and I definitely use it to release emotion.''' ,'''I love being a female. I love being the boss.''' ,'''When I joined the 'Strictly Come Dancing' panel in 2009, the controller of the BBC came into my dressing room and said they were proud to have a woman of colour on their panel. It was so nice that they acknowledged it.''' ,'''I'm a very deep thinker, and I find it very hard to switch off at night, so I usually have to put on an episode of 'Friends' or listen to some music before bed.''' ,'''It's important to look at what you do have, not what you don't. I'm one of those people who wants a good life, so I do my best to snap out of it.''' ,'''I'm the most organised person in the world. Apparently, I'm just like Monica from 'Friends' because I am hyper, hyper organised. It's probably bordering on OCD.''' ,'''I'm still friends with the girls I grew up with, and they're all on their second child. They're all like, 'Don't be in your 40s by the time you have kids,' and I'm like, 'Why not? There's nothing wrong with that.'''' ,'''Before I got into music, I studied sport and used to run for my county.''' ,'''I do enjoy the dressing up. I like to have fun with fashion, and while the cameras can be a bit intense, I love the final result... I tend to treat the whole process with a pinch of salt!''' ,'''At home, my daughter Azura has got this long blonde wig that she loves, and she's obsessed with Rapunzel, but you need to have balance. It's important that she understands her curly hair is beautiful, too.''' ,'''I used to have seven dogs; now I have a more manageable four. I was in Cornwall, and one dog got swept away downstream, so my cousin dived in to get it, then her dog dived in. So I jumped in to rescue hers. Those dogs are my calm. That's how I cope with the business - I get the sanity on my woodland dog walks, being a tomboy.''' ,'''There were very few British black women on TV or in music when I was a teenager; when you're growing up, you need someone you can identify with. I remember at Christmas being bought a doll that didn't look anything like me, so I threw it away.''' ,'''I'm not doing a 9 to 5 job, so every week is different; one week I might be at home for three or four days, and another week it'll be busier. That's the beauty of my job.''' ,'''I create mood boards, and then we source fabrics and design the dresses. We are trend-led but also do our own thing! I want women to feel fabulous in our creations.''' ,'''What I loved about 'Strictly' as a viewer and contestant was that it was warm, family entertainment. So it is a shame for the show when controversy surrounds it. That is not what we like about 'Strictly.'''' ,'''When women listen to my music, I want them to feel empowered.''' ,'''I like 'Strictly' because it is warm, glamourous, and brings families together.''' ,'''One day, I would like to have my own chat show. Oprah is my idol because she uses her platform so responsibly.''' ,'''Dad's fear, especially when I was 18, was that, in the music industry in the U.K., there wasn't really anybody I would aspire to who was of black origin and who was successful. It was mainly black American musicians in the charts and, at that age, I think you look for someone you can identify with, and there wasn't really anyone.''' ,'''What I've learnt is to be in the now. It's something my mum has always said to me, and when I read a book called 'The Power of Now' by Eckhart Tolle, I realised just how important it is.''' ,'''I think that when you're young, you carry the weight of the world on your shoulders. You're anxious; the world seems like a scary place. You don't know where you're going to fit in, what you're gonna do with your life - but actually, life has a way of sorting itself out, and universal law takes over.''' ,'''Even though I haven't released a song since 2010, I have still performed, so I don't feel I have been completely away from music. I have been away on a mainstream level, of course. But releasing a single this way - on my own independent record label - is more fun.''' ,''''The Alesha Show' was done with production crew Xenomania, and this time, I've worked with a lot of upcoming new producers.''' ,'''On a plane, you're in your own little bubble, so I try and enjoy it and don't get worried or frustrated about delays.''' ,'''I'm not one of those regimental people who never eats certain things - that's not life. You've got to live; you've got to eat what you want and treat yourself.''' ,'''People worry about their looks going, but go deeper, and you realise you know yourself more and you're more comfortable in your own skin and more settled within yourself, and that's a really great basis on which to live your life.''' ,'''I idolised former sprint and hurdling champion Colin Jackson.''' ,]
+++