+++
author = "Raza Murad"
title = "Raza Murad Quotes"
quotes_len = "57"
description = "the best 57 Raza Murad Quotes"
keywords = "raza murad,raza murad quotes,raza murad quote,raza murad sayings,raza murad saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Our society is ridden with corruption and corrupt people. This is perhaps the reason why despite receiving several offers, I am unwilling to contest elections as I lack what it takes to become a politician.''' ,'''Actors like Pran Sahab, Jagdeep, Asrani established their identities by doing specialized roles but today acting is more general. Actors used to be image conscious then but now heroines are also playing negatives, it is a notable change.''' ,'''I have formulated several levels of protest in my 'Sarabjit Bachao Andolan.' The first level is to get the active participation of the entire Punjab entertainment industry. I am also formulating and framing letters to the Indian Prime Minister and President.''' ,'''Sometimes, the Censor Board is observed taking a lenient view with regard to certain explicit contents, which should be restricted, on screen. The board should be strict in curbing such contents.''' ,'''I have worked on television and love the medium for its connect with the audience.''' ,'''It's the Punjabi film industry that sustained me and my family for eight years. It is because of my work in Punjabi films that I was able to survive.''' ,'''A.K. Hangal has worked with so many Bollywood personalities. In fact, during his good times he worked with A-listers of the industry and it was so disappointing to see none of them turned up for his funeral.''' ,'''All this while when I was not seen in Hindi films, I did a lot of regional cinema. I was a part of various Gujarati, Punjabi and Bhojpuri films.''' ,'''We need to respect and value our veterans while they are alive.''' ,'''I am a product of the Film and Television Institute of India, so I never categorised my roles, but yes I was typecast by the producers and the directors as a villain.''' ,'''Strict laws should be made and implemented against people who leak pirated versions of films online. This is completely anti-national.''' ,'''My casting in 'Uncle On The Rocks' is like Rajpal Yadav being cast as Shahenshah or Akbar.''' ,'''When you shoot for a film, mistakes become very easy to manage. If you fumble, a retake can mend it all. You always have another chance , whereas when you work on the stage, you have to be extremely careful. There is no second chance as such.''' ,'''I am a trained actor and an alumnus of the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII).''' ,'''We can never forget the Gujarat communal riots.''' ,'''If Narendra Modi wants the hearts of two communities to meet, he must first truly love Muslims.''' ,'''It is the birthright of every under trial citizen of our country to apply for bail, and its the prerogative of the honourable judge to either grant or reject it.''' ,'''I believe homosexuality is very common these days. Nowadays, gay communities are asking for their rights, asking to abolish Article 377. Every religion has homosexuals and lesbians.''' ,'''I always wanted to do an emotional role but was rejected a couple of times because the directors felt that I have always done negative roles and so I wouldn't fit the bill. That was dejecting.''' ,'''Every actor wants to be versatile; everyone wants to do something different.''' ,'''Look around, Punjab is full of potential, talent, handsome faces.''' ,'''Subramaniyam Swami is a very qualified man; whenever he speaks, he speaks something new.''' ,'''Modi is speaking about national unity, but the leaders of his party are openly saying in their speeches that if Muslims have to stay in India, they must live as second grade citizens. This is wholly unacceptable.''' ,''''Prem Granth' was a good film, but it didn't work.''' ,'''Destiny wasn't on the side of Rajiv Kapoor. Worse actors than him have succeeded in this industry.''' ,'''As kids, we were taught to respect every religion and tradition.''' ,'''Government should give citizenship to anyone irrespective of religion.''' ,'''Kashmiri Pandits are the worst victim of intolerance who were forced to leave their houses, I saw their camps and am appalled to see the conditions they are forced to live in.''' ,'''I have played many negative roles in films, and television gives me an opportunity to break through this image and portray another side to me.''' ,'''I have been working for both the small and the big screen and I found advantage in both of them and disadvantage in none.''' ,'''I found 'Veer Shivajian' interesting project as it showcases the life of the great Maratha warrior and takes you back in history.''' ,'''I cannot choose the roles that I get, but I can choose to work hard and do justice to my role, and give my hundred per cent.''' ,'''Bollywood is living off Punjabi music, culture, and its talent.''' ,'''I did not do a romantic role in the prime of my youth.''' ,''''Toofan Singh' is a Punjabi film based on a terrorist. The Pahlaj led CBFC banned the film because according to them the film glorifies terrorism, and that might give a wrong message to today's youth. However, the film has been released in many countries, and has been received warmly. Unfortunately, it never saw the light of day in India.''' ,'''See as a Muslim myself, I have never faced any intolerance or any discrimination in any part of the country, instead I have been showered with love, but the people who say that they have faced intolerance must be given a chance to speak up, instead of muzzling their voice.''' ,'''Everybody has to make his own place by his talent and hard work in the industry. There is no short cut and no tag of family works. The same applies to my son also who is at present learning theatre in London and would return soon.''' ,'''A movie should be made keeping in mind they are not hurting any religious sentiments.''' ,'''In '81, my father had an attack of paralysis.''' ,'''I learnt English later in life.''' ,'''For me 'Meet Mila De Rabba' is a very important project since it will break my on-screen villainous image and prove my versatility as an actor.''' ,'''Milkha Singh should not forget that the people had forgotten him till the movie 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag' was made. So, it is due to this film industry that you have again become popular.''' ,'''Jammu and Kashmir has a scenic beauty and I feel that the film industry rather than going abroad in countries like Switzerland and Australia, should visit Kashmir - which is the only Heaven on Earth for the shoots.''' ,'''Piracy should be taken very seriously and strong actions should be taken against it.''' ,'''My upbringing in Rampur has contributed a lot to what I am today.''' ,'''Hindi films are watched with keen interest in Pakistan, as Pakistani plays are watched in India. Pakistani actors also work in the Indian entertainment industry.''' ,'''I was really touched when I reached the sets of 'Padmaavat' and I greeted Sanjay Leela Bhansali. He hugged me, held my hand high and told everyone, 'Razasaab is with us again. I cannot think of a film without Razasaab!' That was such a big compliment for me.''' ,'''The traditional villain has died a natural death. Today even a hero can portray a negative character. There are no lines drawn. The scope for actors like me has condensed.''' ,'''Dad began his career in 1941. He started as a character actor and remained one right up to '87.''' ,'''Yet there are film stars like Amitabh Bachchan, Dharmendra who never allowed the mafia to dictate terms to them. But starlets like Monica Bedi used the mafia connection to win stardom and is now paying heavily.''' ,'''There are some people who just know how to criticize.''' ,'''In my 41 years of experience in our film industry I've noticed that people make a lot of promises in the evening which they promptly forget in the morning.''' ,'''It is the Jammu and Kashmir government, which has to take an initiative of inviting actors and the film industry to the state.''' ,'''When I joined the industry there were mafia like Haji Mastan and Vardharajan. They had a healthy relationship with film stars. Their men never came calling for 'petis' and 'khokas.' In fact they used to felicitate film personalities.''' ,'''Our constitution guarantees freedom of speech, and if anybody has a problem we should listen to him, instead of running after him.''' ,'''I own a flat in Ansal plaza in Shyamla Hills area and am also a member of Lakeview Enclave Welfare Society but I didn't know that there was a separate society of E-block.''' ,'''I think stopping any Muslim artist from performing at Ramlila is a cheap gimmick to gain publicity.''' ,]
+++