+++
author = "Gerrit Cole"
title = "Gerrit Cole Quotes"
quotes_len = "88"
description = "the best 88 Gerrit Cole Quotes"
keywords = "gerrit cole,gerrit cole quotes,gerrit cole quote,gerrit cole sayings,gerrit cole saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Verlander is a guy every right-handed power pitcher looks up to since the beginning of time.''' ,'''When you're more comfortable out there, you start seeing different things, relaxing more, being able to trust your pitches more and not try to overdo things as much.''' ,'''A lot of these dips that you go through in the season, it's about persisting through the process and trusting it.''' ,'''I try to show up and do my job and get my work in every day, keep pressing forward.''' ,'''Well, I mean, I like to be pretty athletic off the mound in terms of taking care of my job, which is covering first base, fielding bunts in certain situations, fielding slow rollers to the first base and having to communicate and direct traffic.''' ,'''If you can constantly just put pressure on all four quadrants, it gives you a little more leverage to be able to fill the zone up with breaking balls and fastball counts - or with breaking balls when guys are maybe sitting on the fastball that you've established.''' ,'''Trying to get better, always, is my goal.''' ,'''I've obviously learned a lot, a lot of mental toughness, learned how to deal with some adversity. Hopefully I'm better for it.''' ,'''This is a game of failure, for the most part.''' ,'''I think that's kind of the common theme when you talk about any good team. Not only do you have the talent and the type of players that allow you to win that many games, but you have to win the ugly ones.''' ,'''When you dream as a little kid, you dream about storybook endings and storybook players and scenarios like that.''' ,'''You know in a playoff atmosphere anything can happen.''' ,'''You can't find a bad count to throw a curveball.''' ,'''You can have really good statistics, which are really good, and it's a serious advantage, but when push comes to shove, it's about players communicating and players playing together.''' ,'''When you're spinning a two-seam, getting on the side of the ball to get more run or sink can be good, but it can really be detrimental to your four-seam.''' ,'''You continue to try to hammer out fastball command the best you can.''' ,'''I just like to leave it out there and feel like I put in a good day's work.''' ,'''If I'm not going to make the pitch, then so be it. I'm not going to try to manipulate the ball or muscle the ball over the plate where I want it to go.''' ,'''I feel like sometimes I'm in a position to really do some good, so I try to do that.''' ,'''You never want to be in a bases-loaded, no-outs position, but dammit, when you're there, you better enjoy it. You better not sit there and sulk about it. You better rise up and figure it out.''' ,'''There's a lot of pageantry involved in opening day, flyovers, extra long TV breaks and stuff. To say that it's not important, more so than some other ones, it is. It's the first game of the year. but I got 30 starts to make. Each win or loss is equally as important.''' ,'''I had a great time at school. The experience was quite fulfilling, especially going to the World Series.''' ,'''You've got to go out there and play your tail off every single day and at times during the year it can be tough to do that.''' ,'''There's going to be ups and downs throughout the whole year. You can't get frustrated.''' ,'''I'm a sucker for Wrigley, so I feel I'll probably be a sucker for Fenway, too.''' ,'''It feels good to be able to contribute, eat innings, provide some rest for the bullpen.''' ,'''Any time you can get in a position to start to get some of the quality work in as early as possible, I think it gives you a leg up or at least gives you the opportunity to be really prepared for the first time you take the ball.''' ,'''Nobody's immune from getting beat. If you're not aware of that, you really don't have a great perspective.''' ,'''There is nothing better than having your home crowd cheer you on and scream with you in big moments and get the crowd in the pulse of the game.''' ,'''David Price comes and finds me out in the lobby and says, 'Dude, I really enjoy watching you pitch.' I'm just like, 'What's wrong with you? Watch your own games, bro. I just throw fastballs inside. You're painting all over the place, striking the world out.'''' ,'''The most rewarding thing to me is going deep into games, knowing you stood up, and did your job.''' ,'''When you start lifting weights in the offseason in like November, you're like, 'Ah, I'm going to get this thing up so I can get to the World Series.'''' ,'''A lot of my friends at home call me 'Chef G.'''' ,'''In an industry where you don't always get to see your family as much as you would like, getting to hug your mom after the game is nice.''' ,'''I think there's a quiet aggression that you need to have, that presence that you have on the mound, the poise, you know.''' ,'''There's hard work to be done, which I'll do. I'll continue to do it.''' ,'''My job is to go out there and just, with whatever I got that day, just give my team the best chance to win.''' ,'''It was a pleasure to play in Houston.''' ,'''I just go out and do my job.''' ,'''I was sooo skinny.''' ,'''You can only control so much.''' ,'''Being able to taste failure, it makes you kind of want to throw up. It makes you just hate the game.''' ,'''I mean, our job is - we're baseball players, we have to go to work. But when it all boils down, we're just a bunch of kids out there having fun trying to entertain people.''' ,'''There's a human element here you start to lose when you start rattling off the best mathematical equation to get the out.''' ,'''You have to win the grinders.''' ,'''You've got to try to close every inning out, take it one inning at a time, one batter at a time.''' ,'''You get into a situation where your back's up against the wall and you don't have any option but to go out swinging, so you might as well go for it.''' ,'''Health is key.''' ,'''What I've been able to do is pretty cool, but there is a lot of room for improvement.''' ,'''I always wanted to play with the older kids because they were better and it was more fun. It was harder, and I failed more, but it was more fun.''' ,'''It wouldn't be any fun if you didn't fail sometimes.''' ,'''As a competitor, you want to pitch against the elite guys and really good guys.''' ,'''For me, it's more about having fun out there and competing and trying to make a difference in the game in every aspect that I can.''' ,'''I certainly wouldn't pay for a ticket to watch a math equation.''' ,'''We definitely like to celebrate the wins, that's for sure.''' ,'''I tremendously value wins.''' ,'''We're out there pitching for wins, not for stat lines.''' ,'''You get into a tough spot where you're not feeling good and you can't do what you're typically accustomed to doing, you just keep grinding.''' ,'''Regardless if your career is short or long, I personally would rather win more often than not.''' ,'''Family is everything.''' ,'''Base runners in postseason games are kind of tough to deal with at times.''' ,'''I've just got to keep doing what I'm doing, because from all the compliments I've received so far, it sounds like I'm on the right track.''' ,'''You never want to have Yadier Molina up with the bases loaded in the World Series, but, dammit, you wouldn't want a better hitter up. Maybe that's not the way most people think, I don't know. That's how I think.''' ,'''Every start is an opportunity to get better and to learn how your body is feeling and what you need to do moving forward. It's been an evolution throughout the year.''' ,'''You try not to pay too much attention to the hype before the game, because you never know what's going to happen.''' ,'''I try to get early contact and keep it on the ground. I like to keep the ball down as much as I can.''' ,'''Every good team is going to have a good culture in the clubhouse.''' ,'''I've always just kind of prided myself on just taking the ball and just trying to give your team a chance to win, and I really don't try to make it any more complicated than that.''' ,'''I think if we just stay focused on what we focus on, which is ourselves, playing good ballgames, trying to win every day, don't take wins with us, don't take losses with us, if we just stay with that approach the results are going to be what they're going to be.''' ,'''It doesn't really matter who you're playing. You just have to keep going at them.''' ,'''Any opportunity to throw against the Cardinals is going to be a good one.''' ,'''I was hurt in 2016, and it made me look at longevity and sustainability. The stuff that I was doing wasn't working for me long term. So, I had to make a change.''' ,'''There's a lot of different aspects of the game that I've fine-tuned.''' ,'''I've got to keep my pitch count down. If you want to go deep into ballgames, you have to stay under that 100 mark.''' ,'''I feel like, by now, if you don't understand that the playoffs can be somewhat of a crapshoot sometimes, then you don't watch enough baseball.''' ,'''When they have the lead, you don't want to fall into too predictable counts because they're playing with house money at that point. You want to try to be creative and keep them off-balance as much as you can.''' ,'''It would be irresponsible for me to comment on somebody else's opinions.''' ,'''Strikeouts are something that just happen. You don't go for strikeouts, because your pitch count gets too high. When you do get that opportunity, you have to put them away with whatever is working that day.''' ,'''The season is long. You go through aches and pains with your brothers. When it's on the line, you just want to give them - you know, you want to perform. You want to give them a shot to win the game.''' ,'''You don't want to let the other team feed off your outward physical demeanor. But at the same time, you can't go out and play this game and not expect to just be angry and be competitive and be excited and have that fire in your belly.''' ,'''There's no WAR for being a good teammate, so apparently that means older guys can't get paid.''' ,'''Cleaning up that lack of the definition between the two, and then leaning on the four-seam, having it become my primary fastball over my two-seam, it's just benefited me as a whole.''' ,'''You have to win the easy ones.''' ,'''You're always just so inspired to get in the game and try to contribute any way you can.''' ,'''I don't think I'm going to dwell on one pitch. You've got to be able to shake that off in the middle of the game.''' ,'''You have more of an opportunity than people think to impact a game through the tone that you can set. You can't control everything, setting that tone is important.''' ,'''You figure when you match up against other clubs and you go through the lineup one through nine, you get to the nine hole, if you can put together an at-bat or you can see some different pitches that helps give you an advantage competitively, it can make your lineup stronger.''' ,'''Altuve is just so good at that. He can decide halfway to the plate where he's going to place the ball. I've never seen that kind of talent before in my life, and I don't know if I'll ever see it again.''' ,]
+++