+++
author = "Mary Manin Morrissey"
title = "Mary Manin Morrissey Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Mary Manin Morrissey Quotes"
keywords = "mary manin morrissey,mary manin morrissey quotes,mary manin morrissey quote,mary manin morrissey sayings,mary manin morrissey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Have you ever struggled to find work or love, only to find them after you have given up? This is the paradox of letting go. Let go, in order to achieve. Letting go is God's law.''' ,'''God intended Earth. God intended the waters. God intended you and me. We were created in the image and the likeness of God; we are holograms, if you will. So the power, the presence, the energy is within you and me. The energy of God, as life, is within each of us.''' ,'''Even though you may want to move forward in your life, you may have one foot on the brakes. In order to be free, we must learn how to let go. Release the hurt. Release the fear. Refuse to entertain your old pain. The energy it takes to hang onto the past is holding you back from a new life. What is it you would let go of today?''' ,'''You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.''' ,'''Deep down, I know that I am a child of God who has inherited divine capacities; some of them I strive to develop, others are left languishing. I also have a human side. I lose my temper, lose patience and sometimes judge others and myself.''' ,'''Start living now. Stop saving the good china for that special occasion. Stop withholding your love until that special person materializes. Every day you are alive is a special occasion. Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God.''' ,'''Creation's gold mine is in you. The key is deliberate intention. Whatever your dream may be at this moment, identify it. If you cannot define your desire, it can never become a reality.''' ,'''My son John was just under a year old when I collapsed with a life-threatening kidney disease. The shame and guilt resulting from my unplanned pregnancy had continued to fester to the point that my toxic feelings literally poisoned my body.''' ,'''Don't wait for something big to occur. Start where you are, with what you have, and that will always lead you into something greater.''' ,'''Often we lose our identity trying to please or placate others.''' ,'''We are all created in the image of our Creator - Love itself.''' ,]
+++