+++
author = "Melora Hardin"
title = "Melora Hardin Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Melora Hardin Quotes"
keywords = "melora hardin,melora hardin quotes,melora hardin quote,melora hardin sayings,melora hardin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been writing songs all my life. My mom said I wrote my first song when I was two.''' ,'''I love being a mommy, and I love being an artist, and I love being a singer and an actress and making a movie - all that stuff I feel very passionate about, so I have a lot of energy for it.''' ,'''I have a tape recorder, and I just sing into it. I like to write that way. Sometimes I'll just get melodic ideas, and then I'll go home and sit down and add the lyrics. Or sometimes I'll get a lyric idea that I love. Usually it's pretty combined. Usually I get some kind of a lyrical concept and a melody and work with that.''' ,'''I feel like I have an amazing support team, between my husband and my nanny and my parents, who are very involved with my kids. I also have an incredible creative team with my manager, agent and publicist.''' ,'''I do believe everyone on this earth is an artist - some people more than others. But I do believe we are all artists in a certain way. We all have unique abilities. There are people who are meant to make it their life, and that is a different kind of person who would choose to be on that path.''' ,'''I really believe that every character comes from the well of the artist.''' ,'''I would say I grew up listening a lot to Barbra Streisand and Judy Garland and Joan Baez and Joni Mitchell. I grew up listening to those because my parents were kind of into folk music.''' ,'''You know when you play Pictionary and someone draws a state? My biggest fear is that I'm not gonna know what state it is. I'm so bad at geography.''' ,'''I've been dancing all my life and studied at Joffrey Ballet when I was 13 and singing all my life.''' ,]
+++