+++
author = "Johnny Carson"
title = "Johnny Carson Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Johnny Carson Quotes"
keywords = "johnny carson,johnny carson quotes,johnny carson quote,johnny carson sayings,johnny carson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.''' ,'''I am one of the lucky people in the world: I found something I always wanted to do, and I have enjoyed every single minute of it.''' ,'''To be an entertainer, you gotta be a little gutsy, a little egotistical, so you have to pull back sometimes when people say, 'Well, he's stuck-up.' 'Stuck-up' is only another word for self-conscious.''' ,'''The only thing money gives you is the freedom of not worrying about money.''' ,'''Mail your packages early so the post office can lose them in time for Christmas.''' ,'''There comes a time or a moment when you know in which direction you're going to go. I know it happened to me when I was quite young.''' ,'''If it weren't for Philo T. Farnsworth, inventor of television, we'd still be eating frozen radio dinners.''' ,'''My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.''' ,'''I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the day he killed himself.''' ,'''If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.''' ,'''We're more effective than birth control pills.''' ,'''People thought I was funny, so I kind of took entertaining for granted... it was inevitable that I'd start giving little performances.''' ,'''I know you've been married to the same woman for 69 years. That is marvelous. It must be very inexpensive.''' ,'''I was going to hang it up on the twenty-fifth year of this show. I don't know why. Maybe twenty-five years is enough. And I found out that I was having so much fun doing the show that we decided to stick around for a while.''' ,'''Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.''' ,'''People will pay more to be entertained than educated.''' ,'''New York is an exciting town where something is happening all the time, most unsolved.''' ,'''Happiness is your dentist telling you it won't hurt and then having him catch his hand in the drill.''' ,'''When turkeys mate they think of swans.''' ,'''Never use a big word when a little filthy one will do.''' ,'''Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president.''' ,'''I was so naive as a kid I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing.''' ,'''If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam.''' ,'''Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are your ready?'''' ,'''The mind starts to do things that you didn't even realize it could do. I suppose it's the manipulation. I suppose it's the sense of power, the center of attention, and the me-ism. And performers have to have that.''' ,'''Anytime four New Yorkers get into a cab together without arguing, a bank robbery has just taken place.''' ,'''Married men live longer than single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die.''' ,]
+++