+++
author = "John Branch"
title = "John Branch Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 John Branch Quotes"
keywords = "john branch,john branch quotes,john branch quote,john branch sayings,john branch saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Every story I do is about people. It's my survival instinct - one person, one story.''' ,'''Saddle bronc is the quintessential rodeo sport - not the chaos of bull riding or the thrashing of bareback riding. It might be harder than both.''' ,'''The fighting in the NHL, especially, and, I think, in some of the minor leagues, it's usually the loudest and the most excited the crowd gets during the entire the game.''' ,'''I had to find stories no one else was writing, so I got away from the quarterback and the coach. I'm still looking for stories no one else has written.''' ,'''From a distance, at a time of urbanization and connectivity, rodeo and ranching may seem anachronistic notions - quaint and sepia-toned from an America that no longer exists.''' ,'''I don't really love writing. I don't love the feeling of starting a new file. But I love the feeling of overcoming and accomplishing.''' ,'''I covered hockey for a few years in the late '90s and early 2000s for the 'Colorado Springs Gazette,' and I covered the Avalanche for some of the glory years. I've done hockey off and on as a sportswriter but never played it.''' ,'''I found during my time covering the NHL that the enforcers were some of the most accessible guys and the most low-key guys. I think that's somewhat of a natural thing. I don't know if that's because it's the big guy that everybody fears, and then you're sort of surprised and taken by the fact that he's actually a nice guy.''' ,'''Rodeo careers can end without warning, as quick as the next try at an eight-second ride.''' ,'''I grew up with 'The Denver Post' and the 'Golden Transcript.' There was never a moment that I thought I'd work at the 'New York Times.' My goal, starting out, was just to see if I could be a journalist.''' ,]
+++