+++
author = "Rahat Fateh Ali Khan"
title = "Rahat Fateh Ali Khan Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Rahat Fateh Ali Khan Quotes"
keywords = "rahat fateh ali khan,rahat fateh ali khan quotes,rahat fateh ali khan quote,rahat fateh ali khan sayings,rahat fateh ali khan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My wife adores me, I love my family, why would I want to marry anyone else?''' ,'''It is really disturbing to see that every Tom, Dick and Harry starts singing compositions of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan as there is no one to claim it.''' ,'''One thing is certain if something is gaining popularity that means there is a market and audience for it. New things will comes but pure Sufi music will stay as it has for centuries.''' ,'''I feel electronica is spoiling the essence of music.''' ,'''For more than 300 years Qawwali music and Sufism have been deeply anchored in my family's roots and we spread it around to the public.''' ,'''My responsibility is to the music and the industry.''' ,'''All the film stuff is business. Those are the songs I practise for, rehearse for, make money from.''' ,'''Music requires a lot of attention and concentration.''' ,'''Qawaali is the art, that's in my soul. It's the ground. Everything else is a passing season - wind, rain, sunshine.''' ,'''Music is the voice of the soul and can move mountains. People receive the message of the soul through the voice. It is a voice, the tone that moves something in people.''' ,'''Michael Jackson. I'm a fan of his, a very big fan.''' ,'''We need to revive quality music for Pakistani film industry in order to resurrect it.''' ,'''Indian films do well in Pakistan. Pakistani artists do well in India. The signal has always been clear that people on both sides of the fence are not interested in the hatred.''' ,'''The rhythm of sitar cannot be created with chords of guitar and vice versa as both the instruments have a distinct purpose in music.''' ,'''But I am poised to restart qawwali and have a spiritual album of it available.''' ,'''Salim and Suleiman Bhai are very good friends and I would like to thank them for being a part of the song 'Habibi', and I would also like to thank the very talented Shreya Goshal Ji for my duet in the song 'Rim Jhim'.''' ,'''I always think that for each day of my life, the tune of that day is particular to that day. Each day brings a different tune and I follow whatever it is.''' ,'''I am honoured to be accepting this degree from Oxford University, a world famous educational institution. This is a very special day for my family and I, but also for my fans, who have shared this journey with me.''' ,'''I prefer unplugged forms of music any day to tech sounds.''' ,'''I belong to this family: Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan's family. Since my childhood I have always wanted to sing and learn music. Whenever I saw Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan play, I felt inspired to be like him.''' ,'''There's only one medium left and that is YouTube. We can give lessons but people need to be willing to learn. I have a channel of my own. I teach music. If you have what it takes, come find me.''' ,'''Love is the root of everything. Whatever you do you must do with love so I also sing with love and perform with love for the love of my audience.''' ,'''MTV Unplugged is an interesting platform. They are doing a good job promoting a kind of music that ought to be heard.''' ,'''If you aren't faithful to your music or your people or your work, then who will care anymore?''' ,'''But in the Indian film industry, from the moment a child is born, he is taught music, he is taken for classical classes.''' ,'''In India, people have greeted me with great love. Not as a Pakistani, but as a singer. They respect me and I feel very much appreciated.''' ,'''A lot of shows take place here and people of Dubai are very good listeners too. Definitely a lot of talent comes here and a lot happens here which is very encouraging for artists.''' ,'''We are working on organising classical music festivals in a bid to promote qawwali there and produce films that promote music. Perhaps people lack the talent as yet, but at least there's a stable platform available to promote this as an art form.''' ,'''I was born in a family of very talented people. Music runs in my blood and I could never think of anything else but this.''' ,'''I have not yet worked with A.R. Rahman and it is my hearty desire to do so. In Jugni both of us have a song but we have not sung together.''' ,'''I was nine when I started training and performing, my son is even more passionate than I was.''' ,'''I think that our family is very fortunate, very lucky, that on their own merit, from themselves, using whatever means necessary, singing Qawwali, in all corners and areas, in every place, singing in villages, they've promoted it.''' ,'''Many have paid tribute to Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan in the past and they will probably continue to do so in the future as well. However, this year marks 20 years since he passed away. This is a special moment for us and his fans.''' ,'''I enjoyed working with Vishal Bhardwaj. As an artist I still think the song could have been better but everyone liked it the way it was composed, so no complaints.''' ,'''If you are blessed with good vocals then it doesn't mean you start picking up anyone's song and start singing it. You should sing less but with quality.''' ,]
+++