+++
author = "Joshua Jackson"
title = "Joshua Jackson Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Joshua Jackson Quotes"
keywords = "joshua jackson,joshua jackson quotes,joshua jackson quote,joshua jackson sayings,joshua jackson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was briefly in the original version of 'Tombstone,' but I didn't make the final cut because that movie went through a couple of different permutations.''' ,'''I hate people saying anything stupid. I don't really suffer fools very well at all. When people are acting like idiots, not that I'm not guilty of doing the odd idiotic thing myself from time to time, but when people say stupid things, it stresses me out.''' ,''''Dawson's Creek' was my college experience.''' ,'''Nobody criticizes the 'Mighty Ducks' trilogy and gets away with it. Nobody!''' ,'''I'll cop to this: so much of doing a 22-episode show is just keeping your head above water.''' ,'''You know what I like about a beard? You can always look contemplative.''' ,'''I've had more of an opportunity to work with Katie Holmes, which is incredibly enjoyable. I think she is really one of the best actresses on the market right now. She forces you to bring your best stuff to the table, because if you don't, she just completely overpowers you.''' ,'''I think pop culture would have survived without me!''' ,'''With 'Dawson's Creek,' I wasn't a fan of '90210,' and that wasn't particularly my genre of show. 'Fringe,' on the other hand, is right up my alley.''' ,'''I think Uma Thurman is one of God's creatures, one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen.''' ,'''I've been an actor for a very long time, and I've had the opportunity to do theater a couple of times.''' ,'''When you behave well towards somebody regardless of what you're receiving, you feel better about yourself. So be decent to people.''' ,'''For me, as an audience member, I'm always most engaged by serialized storytelling, so as an actor, the thing that I take away from it is how much fun it is to perform a serialized story.''' ,'''Most people call my style of dress slovenly, I call it extreme casual. If I didn't have a mother and a sister for the times I do have to get dressed, I would be absolutely lost.''' ,'''There's a romance and power to live theater.''' ,'''I'm of the opinion that life doesn't always tie up neatly at the end of the episode.''' ,'''I'm not really the type to wear my heart on my sleeve. I would let someone know if I liked them, but it takes a while for me to fall in love.''' ,'''We've all had that moment, the first time you're exposed to live theater, and it's shocking in the best possible way. You see something and say to yourself, 'I didn't know this could exist.'''' ,'''When you're working on a television series, you only get a very short off-season. The scheduling of TV is relentless.''' ,'''For me, the desire exists less to get myself a degree than to just go and have the whole college experience, and throw myself into the brain pool and see if I can swim.''' ,'''If I only dated actresses, I'd be a very lonely man.''' ,'''The fan base and the passion of the fan base is a large part of the story of the show 'Fringe.'''' ,'''I'm a Vancouver boy, and I grew up outdoors, so any time I can be outside, everything is good.''' ,'''I've always felt more comfortable in the company of women, and as far as girlfriends go, they've each been a learning experience. You meet someone at a certain point in your life, then break apart, but you always share that time.''' ,'''Maybe it's due to my west coast liberal upbringing, but, the idea of parallel universes doesn't strike me as being too far out there.''' ,'''I love Vancouver. I can be with my family, I can reconnect with the guys. It will always be my home.''' ,'''Doing a play in New York is ticking off a major, major bucket list thing for me.''' ,'''If you don't like my work in 'The Affair,' that's fine, but I'll stand by the work because I felt that everything that went on camera was what I intended to go on camera.''' ,'''TV, particularly network television, gives you a much greater opportunity to tell a long-form story, to develop a character and keep it detailed. Film, by its nature, is more finite.''' ,'''The hardest thing to walk away from, over a long-form TV show, is the comradery of the company, both with the crew and the group of actors.''' ,'''Trust me - never in my life did I think I'd be carrying my groceries home and have a stop-and-chat with Karl Lagerfeld.''' ,'''The majority of fathers that I saw when I was growing up in Vancouver didn't take the responsibility to look after their kids, and I was aware that society is geared towards punishing single women.''' ,'''My hope is always to be able to find well-written, interesting material with good people and then actually be able to get those jobs.''' ,'''What I like about 'Lay the Favourite' is that it shows gambling as a profession, as this real grind-it-out job, with no glamour about it at all.''' ,'''Truthfully, the process of making 22 episodes of television a year is not very pleasant.''' ,'''The anti-elitist values in America, I think, are very destructive to education.''' ,'''Uma Thurman is one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen. She has those wicked eyes - it looks like there is such a brain behind those eyes.''' ,'''I have lots of hard-earned knowledge about women through heartbreak - and social faux pas. When I was about 15, thinking I was engaging in light conversation, I asked a woman when she was due. Of course, she wasn't pregnant. I learnt the lesson never to ask again.''' ,]
+++