+++
author = "Harley Quinn Smith"
title = "Harley Quinn Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Harley Quinn Smith Quotes"
keywords = "harley quinn smith,harley quinn smith quotes,harley quinn smith quote,harley quinn smith sayings,harley quinn smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'll never get another first premiere again, especially at Sundance. I've just been trying to fully engage myself in everything that's going on, and I hope to see other movies here while I'm here! I really want to!''' ,'''Comedy is such a vulnerable thing. With drama, you're not trying to make someone cry. If you do, great, but that's not your goal. With comedy, you're trying to make someone laugh, so to me, it's harder because you are in such a vulnerable position. You're like, 'I hope people like this. I hope I do the joke justice.'''' ,'''In my opinion, villains are so much more interesting than heroes. So 'Suicide Squad' is just like, wow, so damn awesome.''' ,'''My dad brought 'Clerks' to Sundance 22 years ago, and that's when his career started.''' ,'''Never let anybody get you down. Never give in to people who say nasty things on the Internet. Work to represent women in the best way possible because, even though respect and equality for women has progressed over time, it's still not in the place that it should be.''' ,'''If people love 'Gremlins' so much and 'Clueless,' 'Yoga Hosers' is not that weird. It is very weird, but compared to that stuff, it's not that different.''' ,'''I'd like to be involved in 'SNL' somehow. I mean, being a permanent cast member is a stretch! That's pretty damned hard, but to host it one day would be a dream come true. And I would like to play the DC Comics villain Harley Quinn.''' ,'''I will not leave this Earth until I play Harley Quinn.''' ,'''My dad has actually really influenced me musically. I have a weird love for '80s and '90s music. A lot of people are like, 'Are you serious? It's so lame.' But my dad always plays that in the car whenever we're together.''' ,]
+++