+++
author = "Holly Black"
title = "Holly Black Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Holly Black Quotes"
keywords = "holly black,holly black quotes,holly black quote,holly black sayings,holly black saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I loved Anne Rice's 'Interview with a Vampire' and 'The Vampire Lestat'. I found a copy of 'Interview' when I was in seventh grade at a garage sale for 25 cents. It had a crazy cover.''' ,'''One of the great things about writing middle-grade books is that it's really a nice break, when you're writing super intense stuff like 'Coldtown', to be able to write something a little lighter - calm down and do something different.''' ,'''When we talk about good books, we often talk about good sentences, but what we rarely talk about is reader pleasure. Yet it is reader pleasure that is going to make a book break out into the kind of success that makes it into a household name.''' ,'''I really love the idea of the poetically mad - the character that is imbued with the romantic madness. Like River from 'Firefly' or Drusilla from 'Buffy.' Someone dangerously unhinged, where you're really not sure they're going to be reliable minute-to-minute.''' ,'''What I've always loved about faeries is the way that they, unlike so many other supernatural creatures, are not human and have never been human. They have different customs and different taboos, and woe to anyone who breaks them.''' ,'''Three hundred words in a day is not a lot. So much of it is thinking before writing. And then there's the cutting. But you do what you do and keep moving forward.''' ,''''Twilight' passed like a fever through the sophisticated reader and the unsophisticated reader alike. People devoured those books in single sittings, over weekends, with a kind of raw intensity that is rare.''' ,'''There's never really been a time when vampires weren't so over that you would be crazy to write a vampire book, or so huge that you would be crazy to write a vampire book. I'm not sure there's ever going to be a time. We went from Anne Rice to Buffy to 'Twilight.'''' ,'''In the older folklore, faeries were frightening beings. In fact, it was such a bad idea to get their attention that people would use flattering euphemisms for them, such as 'the people of peace,' 'the little people,' and 'the good neighbors.'''' ,'''Growing up, my mom was a painter, my best friend was a painter, my husband is a painter. For a long time I knew artists, and I didn't know any writers.''' ,'''I am not very good at sticking to outlines, and I double back all the time to revisit scenes and change things.''' ,'''I don't feel prolific. I feel like I'm plodding along. Each day you sit down, and you hope that you get your work done.''' ,''''Doctor Who' rewrites your brain because at first when you watch it, you think, 'That doesn't make sense.'''' ,'''Everything scares me. I'm very easily frightened. But the thing that scares me most is zombies. I really, really don't like zombies.''' ,'''I've loved vampires for a very long time. In eighth grade, I guess, my research paper was on vampires.''' ,'''Someday I would like to be the kind of writer who barrels through a draft, but I can't even seem to barrel through an interview like this, so I imagine I have a long way to go.''' ,'''I read 'Sabella or The Blood Stone' by Tanith Lee, which was hugely influential to me. I love Tanith's writing. She's just really lyrical, beautiful use of language.''' ,'''Writers usually don't get to pick our own covers. I know it's surprising to hear that.''' ,'''I really love being a weirdo who writes a lot of different things for a lot of different ages. I have been considering doing a guide on my website so that a reader who liked one of my books could find the other books that he or she might like, because I know some of the books are really different from the rest.''' ,'''I think there are a lot of really positive aspects to social media for novelists. Even though our work is pretty solitary, through Twitter and Tumblr and Facebook and Instagram and blogging in general, we're better able to connect directly with readers.''' ,'''When I was a kid in the U.S., 'Doctor Who' wasn't really on, but you would occasionally catch an episode. Different stations did marathons.''' ,'''I wrote a book called 'Doll Bones', which was another middle-grade book, and when I was writing it, I needed a place in the U.S. that made bone china. And there are only two places in the U.S. that make bone china. They made it by grinding down actual cow bones. It was a plot point. It was a creepy doll book.''' ,'''I think there's a reason that horror appeals to teens. There's a lot of useful lessons to take away from reading horror. We get to be scared in the comfort and safety of our own homes. We can put the book down if we get too scared, and no one will ever know if we decide not to pick it up again.''' ,'''Can you write 200 words a day? 100? 50? In six months, 50 words a day is 9,000 words. That's 2-3 short stories. If you did 200 words every day, in three months that's 36,000 words. That's half a short novel.''' ,'''One of my favorite things in books is watching someone make the mistake. You know it's going to happen. You keep thinking: 'Don't do it!' But of course they're going to do it. It's riveting. You learn through them that it's okay. It's the ecstatic fall, where you watch someone make that terrible decision, and there's such pleasure in it.''' ,'''I revise a lot while I'm drafting, often going back to the beginning again and again to revise because I've changed massive things about the story. By the time I get to the end of a first draft, I've been through the beginning lots of times.''' ,'''Faeries are associated with wild untamed nature, with art, and with death - so the folklore is rich with different stories to explore.''' ,'''Into every generation comes a vampire.''' ,'''Vampires aren't made - they're just born that way, and no one knows why. They're sort of a race unto themselves.''' ,'''I'm not a fast writer, and I find the process of writing a first draft to be painful and frustrating. Usually, I start with a character, a premise, and some image that gives me a particular feeling.''' ,'''The problem with faerie gifts is that they always come with a price, which is why they are made by the desperate and the foolish.''' ,'''Inspiration comes from everywhere. From life, observing people, etc. From movies and books you love. From research.''' ,]
+++