+++
author = "Sidse Babett Knudsen"
title = "Sidse Babett Knudsen Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Sidse Babett Knudsen Quotes"
keywords = "sidse babett knudsen,sidse babett knudsen quotes,sidse babett knudsen quote,sidse babett knudsen sayings,sidse babett knudsen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been so lucky to do different things. The world in which 'Westworld' takes place is so unique and bizarre, and it's really interesting to explore that whole universe with the language and brutality going on there. With 'Inferno,' there's the Dan Brown mystery.''' ,'''I went to school in Tanzania for two years, from five to seven. I started off in my mother's school with a lot of African children - but then I was put into the international school.''' ,'''I don't really watch TV. I've got the box set of 'Downton Abbey,' which I'm enjoying.''' ,'''What I'm interested in as an actor is exploring universes that I have not come across before. It's interesting to me to be able to discover new things. I do like fantasies, and I like when film is inspiring and it puts creative ideas into the minds of the audience.''' ,'''Before I started on 'Borgen', people introduced me to some great American box-sets to convince me that TV could be good. I now watch them all the time. Amy Poehler is very funny in 'Parks and Recreation' and 'In Treatment,' with Gabriel Byrne, is also really good.''' ,'''Some people say I sound Australian. I guess it's all down to Miss Matthews, who taught me English when I was growing up in Dar es Salaam. Nearly everyone in Denmark speaks English, and TV shows are only ever subtitled, not dubbed.''' ,'''I did my first interview in 1995 and was asked about my private life. I said, 'Why would I tell you? I don't see the logic in anyone knowing that about me. For whose sake? Nobody wins.'''' ,'''When we started making 'Borgen,' no one had any idea it would have any appeal outside Denmark. No one expected it to follow the success of 'The Killing' because it's basically all about Danish politics.''' ,'''I have just discovered the beautiful poetry of Soren Ulrik Thomsen. Danish is not the strongest of languages, but he uses it very well.''' ,'''I'm just an actress, so I can leave my work when I leave the set. I don't get strange calls in the middle of the night, and I don't have tons of responsibility.''' ,'''I saw an adaptation of Ingmar Bergman's 'Fanny and Alexander' at the Royal Theatre in Copenhagen. The story is just legendary for us Danes, and it was really well done.''' ,'''You have to have a little humility if you're Danish because you're never going to be able to travel outside the country unless you can speak another language.''' ,]
+++