+++
author = "Sonya Deville"
title = "Sonya Deville Quotes"
quotes_len = "68"
description = "the best 68 Sonya Deville Quotes"
keywords = "sonya deville,sonya deville quotes,sonya deville quote,sonya deville sayings,sonya deville saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a very passionate person. I'm Italian, it's in my blood so when I care about something, I get emotional.''' ,'''Everything is social media nowadays, everything is sports and entertainment.''' ,'''I was afraid of Sonya being defined by her sexuality because that's not fair to her. I don't want Sonya to be defined by who she loves.''' ,'''I think the ability and the knowledge to be able to defend yourself builds confidence. Also there's great gratification in the sweat and work you get from any combat training.''' ,'''From a very early age, I realized why I was put on this planet: to fight.''' ,'''My first time being inside the Performance Center was for the WWE Tough Enough tryouts, and although I knew hardly anything about sports-entertainment, I knew I wanted to be a part of this place.''' ,'''My MMA background, I think, only enhances my experience on 'Tough Enough' or in the WWE in general.''' ,'''Acting is my love.''' ,'''As much as we don't like to admit it sometimes, we are the influencers.''' ,'''I think WWE superstars and Divas are here to change lives. That's why they do what they do. They want to make an impact on the world.''' ,'''I was in my junior year of high school and I had been playing soccer and basketball almost my entire life, and I wanted a change of pace. I wanted to do something more, something different. That's when I found an MMA gym about 45 minutes from my house and fell in love with the idea of becoming a professional fighter.''' ,'''Acting has been a passion of mine since I was young, I took acting classes through most of high school and years following while training MMA.''' ,'''I don't want it to be Sonya Deville, the gay wrestler. I want it to be Sonya Deville, the awesome performer who happens to be gay.''' ,'''I realized - and I think I learned this at a young age - that anything that's worth anything, you're going to take a risk to get there and it's not going to be easy.''' ,'''A good friend of mine, Maria Menounos, she's kind of like a mentor to me. She dabbled in WWE and pro wrestling, and she said 'This is the perfect opportunity for you.' Once I started doing my research about the competition and the company, I fell in love with WWE even more.''' ,'''I'm the first-ever openly gay female in the WWE.''' ,'''What attracted me to wrestling was the entertainment factor. I loved watching how into the show the fans get, and also how physical it is.''' ,'''I live for the pressure, I live for the moments when I'm deep in the match, out of breath, hurt and feel like throwing up. It's in those moments that I push through, I keep punching, I keep going forward, because no matter what, I will never stop.''' ,'''My goal in talking about my sexuality publicly is just so that a scared little girl or little boy can see me do it and think, 'wow, if she did it, then maybe it's OK that I do it.' It's to encourage people to be themselves.''' ,'''I didn't want it to feel like I was shoving my sexuality down people's throats.''' ,'''I do feel pressure, but I put it on myself because I want to represent the LGBTQ community in a place where they've never really been represented that much, being the WWE and professional wrestling in general.''' ,'''The Women's Evolution was just starting as I was getting into 'Tough Enough.' I've always had great role models coming in and watching the Becky Lynches and the Charlottes, the Bayleys, the Sashas move that movement and then being able to be part of it.''' ,'''Even prior to WWE, when I was bartending and training MMA, I always had a sense of fulfillment because although not my dream job, I took pride in being the best bartender I could be.''' ,'''Spreading the positivity is just as important as telling the difficult stories.''' ,'''My friend's mom said to me, 'honey, I think you're gay.' And I go, 'yeah, I am.' As soon as someone vocalized it to me, gave me permission. I was like, 'yes, yes, yeah!'''' ,'''Sonya is the way she is for a reason and I love enlightening the fans on what those things are because so many people are going through similar experiences and have amazing stories I love to hear and relate to myself.''' ,'''It's not a good feeling to hide a huge part of your life. If you were meant to be somebody else, you'd be somebody else, so don't change who you are.''' ,'''You can be happy with work, you can be happy in other facets of life, but if you're not happy in your personal life, and you're not loving open and honestly, it sucks.''' ,'''Let's just say my phone blew up when I came out on global television. The only people that knew were my immediate family members and my closest friends, maybe like three of them. So you can imagine how many texts and emails and Facebook messages that I got after coming out, most of which were very supportive from the LGBT community.''' ,'''I've always been athletic my entire life and loved sports.''' ,'''When I was 14 years old, I said, 'Mom, I want to fight MMA.'''' ,'''Being a lifelong athlete, I am a firm believer that I am who I am today because of sports. Not only did it give me structure and a solid foundation, but it gave me a sense of failure and how to overcome failure.''' ,'''I've had tattoos since I was like 16, but if you would have asked the younger me to get a tattoo that symbolized my sexuality, I would have told you no, because that's how not okay I used to be with it.''' ,'''Everyone has contributed to the Women's Evolution in their own way, and I hope that my message can just be it's okay to not look like the rest, it's okay to not fit in, it's okay to be yourself and be different.''' ,'''I want the women's division to have that legitimacy, I want it to have that intensity and the aggressiveness, and I feel like that's where I personally can contribute.''' ,'''I really want to utilize my MMA knowledge in my WWE performance.''' ,'''I just think I'm very honest and I say how I feel. Some people like that about me. Some people hate that about me.''' ,'''Don't be afraid. Don't be ashamed. Don't ever apologize for your sexuality. Just be you.''' ,'''I just, I was in such denial within myself for the longest time, just because of the place I grew up in. Like, it wasn't common. I didn't know anybody that was gay. I think I had one gay friend in high school and she never even, like, came out. It was just, like, we all just knew.''' ,'''You can call WWE whatever you want, but at the end of the day, it's a fight and fighting is my specialty.''' ,'''I love every minute of being inside that squared circle.''' ,'''My personal life is a big part of who my character is.''' ,'''Sonya Deville was originally supposed to be NJ Deville to help me keep my MMA nickname of 'The Jersey Devil' after debating back and forth we agreed on Sonya Deville.''' ,'''I had so much fun in the 'Tough Enough' barracks.''' ,'''I am an entertainer and I am an athlete, and WWE is the biggest performance-based show in the world.''' ,'''I love Daniel Bryan. He's such a sweetheart.''' ,'''Being a part of the LGBTQ community myself, it's another passion of mine to let my fan base know that I represent another demographic in the WWE.''' ,'''I started training at a local gym in New Jersey, and the day of my high school graduation, I packed up everything in my car and moved to Coconut Creek, Florida, where I trained with one of the best gyms in the world, American Top Team.''' ,'''Being a part of the WWE, I am blessed to have a platform both on social media and TV, with that platform I am able to spread my message and share my story.''' ,'''We're all equal and we should treat each other as such.''' ,'''It's important to not have my sexuality define me.''' ,'''Equality for all is what we should all want, between race, religion, gender, sexuality... it doesn't matter.''' ,'''It's insane how many fans I have from the LGBTQ+ community. I would say the majority of my fanbase are young, gay women.''' ,'''I think back to when I was in high school, to 17-year old Daria, who was dating guys and thought that that was the only way of life. I was very confused, and it was definitely manifesting itself in other parts of my life that were unhealthy.''' ,'''To force something that was not organic to who I am was tough on me, and so I can relate to all those girls and guys out there going through the same thing.''' ,'''I feel like the story me and Ronda can tell one day will be so awesome, and I think we have something special here. I think that it's going to be an honor and a privilege to work in the ring with her. That's the biggest compliment, is that Ronda Rousey - she's done a lot in her life. She's accomplished a lot.''' ,'''I'm an athlete. I'm a performer. Why the hell did I never think of combining the two?''' ,'''I think no matter what your job title or role in life is, it's important to just take pride in what you do and do it well.''' ,'''I've never dealt with really anything negative in the WWE as a whole, in the locker room, anything.''' ,'''I love being able to share my story to help others relate or cope with their own stuff they have going on at home.''' ,'''I grew up riding quads, shooting guns and playing sports.''' ,'''I think I was more just not comfortable with saying it. I was also in denial. I was like, 'I'm not gay, am I?' Cause I think, also the fact that I didn't fit the stereotypical mold of what a lesbian is supposed to be or act, I was just this girl that nobody would have expected.''' ,'''I have a theory that confidence comes from self-worth.''' ,'''I look up to and have learned a lot from the women before me. With that said, there has never been a woman in this ring with the experience that I have in fighting.''' ,'''Until I came out publicly, I wasn't really living my fullest life. I was trying to be who I thought I was supposed to be, which never turns out good, and I wasn't fulfilled.''' ,'''In sports, you deal with disappointment often, but it's how you handle it and come back from it that shapes you. All these lessons are transferable to life and have really helped me with the adversities I've had to deal with in life.''' ,'''My life is amazing. I get paid to hurt people.''' ,'''With any minority group, it takes a strong presence in the public eye to make a change because everything nowadays is social media.''' ,]
+++