+++
author = "Jasmine Guy"
title = "Jasmine Guy Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Jasmine Guy Quotes"
keywords = "jasmine guy,jasmine guy quotes,jasmine guy quote,jasmine guy sayings,jasmine guy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have often felt bad that I am not great at any one thing. Like just a super super singer. Or the Gregory Hines of something.''' ,'''Bigotry and judgment are the height of insecurity.''' ,'''One disco, one soft ball game, one lost love, one gay pride rally at a time.''' ,'''It seems to me the most important issue in the LGBT community is the right to be queer-the right to be free of the heterosexual assumption.''' ,'''People in power need to control others in order to maintain power. One of the ways to do that is to take that which is threatening and demonize it.''' ,'''The kitchen may not get cleaned, and I have to accept that. I do the important things.''' ,'''I believe people who practice their beliefs in daily life are activists.''' ,'''I am very sad for men and women trapped in any relationship where there is cruelty, dominance, inequity. I long for the liberation of all people.''' ,'''The more confident one becomes, the less one needs all people to be the same.''' ,'''There are brilliant out lesbians and gay men and bisexuals and transgendered people and heterosexuals keeping the fire of change alive. Not a day goes by when I don't feel grateful to them for their work.''' ,'''The state and the church seldom approve of anything I do. I don't need their approval. I don't aspire to the heterosexual nuclear family model.''' ,'''There is no sexuality that is greater or lesser than another.''' ,'''I want word of mouth to be our biggest voice.''' ,'''That made me feel good, not to go to a resort where outside the door is extreme poverty.''' ,'''As the middle begins to feel safe enough to accept some of the so-called radical thinking, ideas move to the middle and a new edge is created.''' ,'''If one is desperate for love, I suggest looking at one's friends and family and see if love is all around. If not, get a new set of friends, a new family.''' ,'''I meet so many people, but I don't know anybody.''' ,'''Young people discovering their sexuality must know they walk with a strong tradition and that they are not alone. They have a right to information without being pressured.''' ,'''The building of friendship, family, community and love is complicated. We are so isolated in this country, no longer supported by tribes and villages.''' ,'''You tend to be afraid when someone seems foreign to you. But if you aren't careful, that can lead to bigotry.''' ,'''I am going to sing lesbian love songs and support gay rights no matter what. The rest is public relations.''' ,'''It is a full time job being honest one moment at a time, remembering to love, to honor, to respect. It is a practice, a discipline, worthy of every moment.''' ,'''An activist is one who is actively involved in creating community, whether that is locally in their neighborhood or internationally. It is an admirable quality.''' ,'''Life is way better than TV. I recommend it to anyone who has forgotten they have one.''' ,'''If black people mistrust white people, they are mistrusting racism, and that is appropriate.''' ,'''I don't much care who is gay or straight or married or not. I mostly notice if they are brave enough to confront bigotry.''' ,'''We are a complex species to observe.''' ,'''Anything that is non-violent is OK with me.''' ,'''We gave up having a TV last year. I am out of the loop. Life is way better than TV. I recommend it to anyone who has forgotten they have one.''' ,]
+++