+++
author = "Franz Beckenbauer"
title = "Franz Beckenbauer Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Franz Beckenbauer Quotes"
keywords = "franz beckenbauer,franz beckenbauer quotes,franz beckenbauer quote,franz beckenbauer sayings,franz beckenbauer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Since Sven Goran Eriksson took over, England have been fantastic.''' ,'''The trouble for today's footballers is they have too many distractions. We used to get our old players coming to watch training with football magazines in their hands. Now, more often than not, they are checking the share prices.''' ,'''Certainly it is a different world for players nowadays. But it depends on the individual.''' ,'''We are the last remaining country to allow ourselves two breaks in the season. You just have to look at England, Italy and Spain, they play right through the season. We on the other hand take six weeks off in the winter until the end of January, and that is a luxury.''' ,'''The World Cup tournament overall and, naturally, the new stadiums at its heart, are the ideal platform to portray Germany as a positive and exceptional location, and above all of course, as a highly capable economic location.''' ,'''The most important thing however is the money. What use would it be to us, to have a a mighty stadium but a useless team, because we couldn't afford anything better?''' ,'''If a Middle Eastern sheikh comes to buy Bayern Munich, he could buy 49 per cent. Fifty-one per cent must stay in Germany with the club. That law came about because of the developments of international football.''' ,'''German football is like English football. The Germans and the English do not play like a Brazilian side. They have to improve, bring up their young players, who have character.''' ,'''The two designs are completely different. The first is totally futuristic, the second is more classical. You can of course get very excited about doing something completely out of the ordinary, just like the Olympic stadium in its time. But each to his or her own taste.''' ,'''The Olympic stadium may have been built only in the early 1970s but it was clear for a long time it had no future. For many reasons it is not good enough for modern football and today's fans.''' ,'''Back then, a half-a-century ago, the situation was totally different. Economically, we were practically on our knees, and politically, we were still excluded from the community of nations. Today, in this respect, we have a totally different and much more stable basis.''' ,'''We should not fool ourselves. We are not one of the world's top teams any more.''' ,'''For example, Michael Jordan earns $100million a year but continues to play basketball and remains a modest human being.''' ,'''Rugby is a different game. There is an interruption every two minutes also in American football. Our soccer is a moving game: play, play, play, move, move - you don't interrupt.''' ,'''At least six Bayern players, who have won almost everything, are in the national squad.''' ,'''At the World Cup and even now at the Confederations Cup, our security provisions will ensure the greatest level of protection possible for all those participating - both inside and outside the stadiums.''' ,'''It would make me a lot happier if I could meet up again next year with as many friends as possible from all over the world who I've met during my career. That's where the great opportunity lies, for me personally, in our role as World Cup host.''' ,'''At any rate, I can only see such a success having positive effects for everyone, particularly as our anticipation of the World cup would only increase further.''' ,'''I kept my speeches short as captain. I focused on the key points of the opposition of the day. As coach, I was never afraid to give long speeches to the players throughout our preparations. It was important they had all the information possible.''' ,'''In the World Cup, much depends for every team on how it develops during the tournament. There are always rising tensions. They come from within, and they come from the media.''' ,]
+++