+++
author = "Uri Geller"
title = "Uri Geller Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Uri Geller Quotes"
keywords = "uri geller,uri geller quotes,uri geller quote,uri geller sayings,uri geller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a religious man. I am Jewish but I believe in all religions. I believe in God and see him as an old man with a big white beard and pray to him every day for a few minutes.''' ,'''The best part of being a vegan is the purity and peace of mind one experiences and the strong connection I feel to the animal kingdom.''' ,'''I've stopped caring about skeptics, but if they libel or defame me they will end up in court.''' ,'''I've just taught thousands of people over the radio in the USA how to mend broken watches and broken house appliances. I am a catalyst or trigger to access these powers.''' ,'''I was sued by a woman who claimed that she became pregnant because she watched me on television and I bent her contraceptive coil.''' ,'''I believe in past lives but I know nothing about mine and I don't want to know. I live in the present, taking one day at a time.''' ,'''Our meaning is to make our little planet Earth a better place to live, to stop wars, disarm nuclear missiles, to stop diseases, AIDS, plague, cancer and to stop pollution.''' ,'''I was about five years old when I was eating soup in our kitchen, and as I was lifting the spoon towards my mouth, it bent and broke in half.''' ,'''I've seen lights in the sky, I've seen UFOs, I've even seen something on the ground that I can't explain, but I've never actually seen a being. I wish I had.''' ,'''Nowadays even presidents, vice-presidents, and heads of big agencies are opening their minds to accept psychic phenomena, because they know it works.''' ,'''I think I usually have quite ordinary dreams. Sometimes my dreams take me to other dimensions. I can travel in my mind especially when I'm dreaming I focus my mind on what I want to dream. If I want to fly, I focus on flying.''' ,'''So, I am independently well-off and don't have to do anything, but I still do. I write books, lecture around the world, work with scientists and governments.''' ,]
+++