+++
author = "Shefali Shah"
title = "Shefali Shah Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Shefali Shah Quotes"
keywords = "shefali shah,shefali shah quotes,shefali shah quote,shefali shah sayings,shefali shah saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've neglected my own vanity. Not that I regret it, but looking good is part of my job.''' ,'''I always want to cut every single line, possibly, that is mine from the script. One of the first things I do on any script is to shred, shred and shred my lines.''' ,'''I can never visualise what the final product will look like and where it's going to go... that's not why and how I pick what I want to do.''' ,'''It is a huge responsibility to make sure your son never ever treats anyone wrong.''' ,'''After 'Waqt,' I was terrified I'd be offered all the mummy roles.''' ,'''I realise that there is a certain expectation from a 'typical heroine' in Bollywood. She is expected to be beautiful and have a toned body. And to achieve that, I have literally starved myself.''' ,'''Acting happened to me incidentally, I never planned.''' ,'''Certain things are very important for me while saying 'yes' to a script. One is obviously the role and its importance to the film. When I say this, I don't mean the length. And last but not the least - the director.''' ,'''There is no dearth of good work or wonderful roles.''' ,'''I have worked with the best of actors and directors.''' ,'''Things are fair and unfair, whichever profession you take. Every profession cannot have a 100% rate of fairness.''' ,'''I have always stuck to my belief and conviction no matter how unconventional.''' ,'''It is not easy to make an ensemble film - if there is one person with the wrong attitude, you are jacked.''' ,'''My goal is that my films should at least match up to my previous films if not be more.''' ,'''There is a certain creative liberty an actor or a director is allowed to take.''' ,'''OTT platforms have taken away the pressure that would plague films earlier... the pressure of box office, the number of screens it will be played in, what kind of stars it has or even the pressure of censorship... This is a really big deal.''' ,'''What I normally do with long scenes is that I understand the emotional content and the words fall into place.''' ,'''I behave instinctively and impulsively.''' ,'''I believe in love.''' ,'''Being an actress has the same requirements as being an actor, but it needs more. Fair, reed thin, tall, can lip-synch, can dance, can fight, ideally can act, has to be single all her life and most importantly, needs to be PG18 bracket.''' ,'''I love what I do too much to compromise on it. I would rather wait for the work that excites me than just go and do a job so I can stay busy.''' ,'''I refer to myself as an actor. I mean, why is there an 'actor' and an 'actress' when there is no 'doctor' and 'doctoress' or 'lawyer' and 'lawyeress?'''' ,'''As actors, we want to show our acting prowess but one has to understand what to show and when to show. I learnt very early in my life that it is not required to be in the forefront all the time. There is a moment that belongs to you but when you are not needed, you need to disappear.''' ,'''With the digital space, you can see whatever you want in the confines of your home.''' ,'''I don't have a sense of fear. If someone warns me saying you cannot do this, it is extremely difficult, I am capable of doing it.''' ,'''Most actors work on a scene, I try to find out who the character is. So when a scene or a moment comes, I react the way she would react.''' ,'''On OTT, it's not about her or heroine, every single character is powerful and a hero, heroine in their own space.''' ,'''Art is a creative outlet and necessary for people involved in creativity.''' ,'''Midway, when I was working full-fledged on TV, I realised I was loving it. I didn't have a manger, or anyone promoting me. I never went to ask for work, it came to me. I never asked for it, and it's not an ego thing. I thought if any director find me fit, he or she will offer it to me.''' ,'''I would have loved to play the role that Rani Mukherji did in 'Black' or Tabu's in 'The Namesake.'''' ,'''Everyone makes their own path and learning.''' ,'''Initially it used to bother me that I wasn't working 365 days a year. But after a point I realised that the kind of work I want to do comes around rarely. And I would rather wait for it.''' ,'''There were years where I kept saying no to work because it was just being so unfair. And then 'Juice' happened. And then there was 'Once Again,' that's a very sweet and gentle love story. And then there was 'Delhi Crime.' And all three of them put me into the centre of the frame.''' ,'''For me the greatest high is the process of making a film.''' ,'''People connect me with intense roles and performances; a thinking actress who only does serious work.''' ,'''I'm always getting into trouble because I'm not politically correct.''' ,'''I don't know whether it is a boon or a bane but I can't act. I can just be. To me, that's the beauty of a performance. Otherwise, there is a falsetto, which sounds jarring.''' ,'''The industry is showing me respect as an actor.''' ,'''The thing with this industry is, it's in your face, it's there. You are privy to whatever goes on, and somehow people have this sense of entitlement towards actors and filmmakers' life. It's like you don't have any privacy, your life is out there for people to see.''' ,'''I took up 'Waqt' and 'Gandhi My Father' because they were very too special to be missed.''' ,'''It's very difficult for a mother to disown her child even if he/she is wrong.''' ,'''For me, quality of role is important than the length of the role.''' ,'''A role is a role where I play someone else, but when it comes to paintings, it is me. It is unadulterated Shefali and there is no control and I can let go. I am unabashedly unapologetic about it. That is what is interesting about my paintings.''' ,'''I was typecast in a mother's role very early in life. I didn't even reach a certain age. I was 20.''' ,'''I am sure that I don't want to do 'age' roles.''' ,'''The fact that 'Delhi Crime' dropped on Netflix and 191 countries in one go, that reach is humungous.''' ,'''The biggest advantage of OTT is that it is not confined to the box office.''' ,'''I've always been greedy. I think every actor is greedy for good parts and stories, and it should be that way.''' ,'''I did a show where I played the mother of a 15-year-old, I was 20 years old when I played a mom of 45. And then, when I was around 28-30, I played mother to Akshay Kumar. So I got typecast very early, if I didn't even have to reach a certain age point.''' ,'''Honestly, when I am filming for anything, I do it because I love it so much. And then whatever happens is fate.''' ,'''I sometimes think people hire me only for my eyes. If they could, they'd probably say, please leave your eyes on the set, we don't need the rest of you.''' ,'''My films are my choices and I am extremely proud to be associated with my projects.''' ,'''I am extremely choosy about the work I do.''' ,'''Doing 'Kucch Luv Jaisaa' was like a debut. There were never any apprehensions.''' ,'''When you are doing a real life story, it requires a lot of sensitivity, a lot of responsibility.''' ,'''I believe something that can be said in two words should not use four, and if something can be said without a word, don't use any.''' ,'''I am a complete foodie and I enjoy cooking.''' ,'''I think as an actor it's always a challenge to experiment and play something that you're not. What's the point if I play Shefali in every film?''' ,'''I genuinely believe that our daughters would be safe if our sons are raised right.''' ,'''Art has made me calmer and more content.''' ,'''You know, my endeavour is to blend into the larger picture. That was one of the strengths of my acting in 'Monsoon Wedding.'''' ,'''I won't take the credit of being a good actor but I do feel that there are good directors who are boldly experimenting with unorthodox subjects. I have been lucky to be part of these projects.''' ,'''Every time I go in front of the camera, I have this fear of 'Oh my God, how am I going to tackle this? The director is going to say 'action' and I'm going to just keep standing there; I won't know what to do.' That's a constant fear I have as an actor.''' ,'''I pick a film on the basis of the role and the director. I do whatever I believe in.''' ,'''As actors when we have to emote, we internalise things, find moments that hurt us and portray them.''' ,'''Every family has chinks in their armour. I don't know of any family that is perfect.''' ,'''I love my work way too much to just go into it as a 9 to 5 job.''' ,'''Once you are a mother, you are always a mother.''' ,'''As an actor, the joy lies in being able to play roles that you are not. If I get a chance to play a sofa or alien, I would love it.''' ,'''I am a spontaneous actor. I don't like giving more than two takes.''' ,'''A woman's physical body language and intelligence change as her age progresses.''' ,'''I think terrorism is a cruel waste of life.''' ,'''I have jumped off a balcony from the second floor.''' ,'''Women are like wine: strong, spirited, full bodied, intoxicating, and potent. And we never cease to surprise.''' ,'''In the '80s, there was a fixed costume of a heroine, and not the physical costume, but this is what a heroine is, she is an art prop. She will look beautiful, support the hero, dance, get saved by hero. I didn't ever aim to go there.''' ,'''I don't know any other way of doing a show besides being completely consumed by it and the character.''' ,'''I am a full time mother and a housewife. I don't think I need anything else to do.''' ,'''The Gandhis are not ordinary Indians.''' ,'''Sometimes it hurts when I see my role being edited. But that wasn't the case with '15 Park Avenue... ' or 'Monsoon Wedding.'''' ,'''TV requires long working hours and deep-rooted commitment.''' ,'''If I have to play a man, I would do it.''' ,'''Immediately after 'Dil Dhadakne Do' in which I played a mother, I made the choice of not doing films which put me in the same bracket.''' ,'''I started painting incidentally, but it is just another form of expression. No one can stop me from what I do. When you are acting, you are given instructions by directors. This is completely my expression and my identity. No one can tamper with it.''' ,'''I was lucky to get really good films, even though I don't have 100 films in my resume.''' ,'''I have played quite a few roles almost double my age. I don't regret those decisions and feel proud to have been part of 'Gandhi My Father' and 'Waqt.'''' ,'''The films that I have done are commendable.''' ,'''For me personally, I feel that a film that doesn't end with a happy ending has a far bigger reach. It lingers on far more. Unrequited love stories have much more impact on the audiences. If 'Romeo and Juliet' had been happily married and had kids and dogs, I don't think it would have been a classic.''' ,'''Every family has its lot of compromises, weaknesses and strengths.''' ,'''I don't care for society.''' ,'''Any artiste would die to be a part of a film like 'Gandhi My Father.' Director Feroz Abbas Khan had a very clear vision about what he wanted to make.''' ,'''I don't want to put myself in a small block. That will be limiting myself and no actor wants to do that.''' ,'''Filmmakers would compliment my work, but when casting for a heroine, they'd never think of me.''' ,'''What I do in films is really special work but it doesn't happen everyday. On the other hand, art is completely my domain. It is my freedom of expression; I decide what I want to say, which satisfies and completes me.''' ,'''When one sees me on screen I hope he or she only sees and feels the character, not Shefali.''' ,'''I don't pick up a project based on its success ratio. If it instinctively hooks me, then it hooks me.''' ,'''I am a very emotional person.''' ,'''The basic thing you teach your children is to respect other people. It is not rocket science; it's as simple as brushing your teeth.''' ,'''Filmmaking involves a lot of passion, hard work, thought process and money. But 'Gandhi My Father' is a selfless film, a film made with complete selflessness. We all went beyond ourselves.''' ,'''I am constantly in a need to create irrespective of the medium. When I started out, I did sketch and I continue to do so on paper sometimes. Mainly, I work with acrylic and ink. Honestly, I don't have the patience for oil paint to dry.''' ,'''Playing the role of Vartika in 'Delhi Crime' was one of the most exhausting, consuming and enriching experiences of my career.''' ,]
+++