+++
author = "Erin Moran"
title = "Erin Moran Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Erin Moran Quotes"
keywords = "erin moran,erin moran quotes,erin moran quote,erin moran sayings,erin moran saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've learned as well watching myself grow on TV.''' ,'''I am still being recognized as Joanie and probably will as long as Happy Days is playing on TV and remembered by Happy Days fans. It has and will always be a pleasure and a honor for me to be a part of it.''' ,'''I think it was a good thing that Joanie and Chachi married.''' ,'''I can't get it out of my head that I would like to play some kind of psychotic.''' ,'''There was mental and physical abuse in my family.''' ,'''I've been working since I was five!''' ,'''Having two families is just natural to me. I guess when you're growing up, whatever is happening around you is the natural thing.''' ,'''For almost five years on 'Happy Days,' I have had a mom and pop and a brother who give me advice and help me just as my own parents and brothers and sisters do at home.''' ,'''I don't have any favorite episodes from 'Joanie Loves Chachi.' I liked working with the people. But I didn't even want to do it. I was talked into it.''' ,'''I've always been scared to do a play. I don't know why, because doing 'Happy Days' was like a play with three cameras.''' ,'''The first interview I went on I got at age 5. It was a commercial for First Federal Bank.''' ,'''It is so discouraging to have your weight yo-yo.''' ,'''I am happily married to a wonderful man. He is not in the business.''' ,'''You grow up and get married, and move away, but you're still a family. That's the way it will be with all of us on 'Happy Days.'''' ,'''I liked wearing the '50s wardrobe. It was hard in the beginning. The first shows I wore regular young girl dresses. Then a little later I got to wear the poodle skirts and such.''' ,'''Well, it is certainly not by choice at this time you don't see or hear about me. This business is very unpredictable. A lot of it is luck and being in the right place at the right time.''' ,'''I have thought about Happy Days made into a movie. As far as the original cast not being a part of it, wow, I don't know who could be who! I just don't see it going in that direction. I can see the original cast doing the movie very easily though.''' ,'''Acting has been my life since I was five, and everything has just fallen into place. I've never had to push and shove.''' ,'''That's one thing about this business. You'd better give it your best, because you're stuck with that performance on film for the rest of your life.''' ,'''Show business is all I know, but I love it.''' ,]
+++