+++
author = "Kierston Wareing"
title = "Kierston Wareing Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Kierston Wareing Quotes"
keywords = "kierston wareing,kierston wareing quotes,kierston wareing quote,kierston wareing sayings,kierston wareing saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I get bored very easily. I do like excitement.''' ,'''If someone tells you often enough you're worthless, you start to believe it.''' ,'''I really like the bohemian look, and I'm a great fan of mixing vintage and modern.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong, I'm very good, I'm a loyal person and I would never treat anyone badly - what goes around comes around. But I do go for the bad boy. I haven't outgrown that.''' ,'''I love all the premieres and everything that goes with it, but my favourite part is being on set and to go to work and enjoy your job. Not many people can say that in life.''' ,'''I get a lot of single mum roles - 'It's a Free World' turned out well, so people thought, 'She can be a single mum, Kierston can do that. Or live in a council house - she can do that.'''' ,'''Anything negative that happens to you in life can be turned into a positive as far as acting is concerned. You can draw on your experiences - it's far better than any research.''' ,'''I believe life is fated - what's going to happen will happen.''' ,'''I don't want to come across as a victim with a sob story. I've got a fantastic life. I'm not a victim. I thank the bullies out there for making me who I am. Some people become weaker, but the bullies made me stronger.''' ,'''I was studying to be a legal secretary when I was called to audition for 'Ken.'''' ,'''I really hope acting is going to be my career to the end, but you don't know anything, really, do you?''' ,]
+++