+++
author = "Manu Ginobili"
title = "Manu Ginobili Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Manu Ginobili Quotes"
keywords = "manu ginobili,manu ginobili quotes,manu ginobili quote,manu ginobili sayings,manu ginobili saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know when I am coming with the second unit, the team is kind of playing for me. I am kind of 'The Man' in there.''' ,'''I'm very low-key.''' ,'''Forever is a very wide word, but I'll be connected to the Spurs, if not contractually at least emotionally.''' ,'''I do not travel. I take two steps always.''' ,'''When you can't dunk anymore, you have to find a way to make it into the news.''' ,'''Every time we play, we want to win, that's for sure. It may be the World Championship, the Olympics, the NBA Championship or the South American Championship, but we always want to win.''' ,'''I just try to create and make plays.''' ,'''I was happy to be in the Argentina league. Then I started to play slowly, and I went to Italy and I started in the second division.''' ,'''I'm way more worried on my future well-being, and my kids, and my family, where we are going to live and what we are going to do, than what is going to happen with the Spurs. With all due respect, of course. I love the franchise, and I'm probably going to be attached in some way.''' ,'''Even the bad moments, I'm proud of them too.''' ,'''You learn from losses and enjoy the every day, too.''' ,'''I've been very lucky to play with so many gifted players.''' ,'''I think Wade is more explosive than I am. He is very tough to cover with his explosiveness, but I started doing the Euro-Step before he did.''' ,'''Some people think, 'Who is this guy? Where did he come from? I never heard of him.' But it took me time to become a good NBA player.''' ,'''A few kids maybe never had a chance to go to a game, watch us on TV, so to see us around could be important to some kids.''' ,'''Not one Argentinian in history had made it to the NBA. So why was it going to be me? There was no way me or anyone that was near me could ever envision a career like this.''' ,'''I think you got to live in the present and once it's over, it's over.''' ,'''I had to play on many other teams before I made it on the Spurs. When you make that kind of journey, it only helps you when you get here.''' ,'''The fans in the United States, they are, well, more polite. The fans in Argentina can get wild, crazy. If you meet people in a restaurant, it is fine, but when they get in groups, woooo - it gets dangerous.''' ,'''We all need to get our pets spayed or neutered.''' ,'''I don't listen to music. I'm not that type of guy.''' ,'''I don't follow the NFL.''' ,'''Sometimes you play and you think you're doing one thing, and then you don't. The coaches are the ones who see it the best way.''' ,'''It's easy to remember the wins, the good moments, the highs.''' ,'''Playing with Fabricio Oberto for four years was incredible.''' ,'''We left, I think, a footprint in FIBA basketball. Proud of it.''' ,'''I don't think about drawing the contact on purpose. I just want to get to the line.''' ,'''I played because I loved doing it, out of respect and appreciation.''' ,'''The legacy thing is very overrated.''' ,'''I don't understand people who would move, even inside the city, and get rid of their dog.''' ,'''When all your teammates make shots, it's easy to get assists. Nobody feels the pressure to score. It makes the game so much easier.''' ,'''Well, the Argentinians are very attached to their athletes, and you know, there are some cities with a big Argentinean community. Miami is the main one for sure, Orlando, Houston, Denver.''' ,'''I have a real sense of appreciation of being in the NBA with all that I'd gone through.''' ,'''Most of the photos I take I don't post, so Instagram is not my thing. I like to edit them, make them look good, and keep them for myself.''' ,'''Playing 16 years is completely unexpected and going through everything we went through. Big disappointments, huge wins, creating that type of union with the coaching staff, with the front office, with the staff, teammates. It's been an amazing journey, way beyond anything that can be expected.''' ,'''It's always tough to see a teammate go unless he is willing to go.''' ,'''As long as we keep playing well, having a great record, that makes everything easy.''' ,'''Winning is a very exciting thing, for a moment.''' ,'''What the Food Bank does is unbelievable to me.''' ,'''Some dogs are escape artists.''' ,'''I played until I felt like it. Some have to retire due to injuries or other issues ahead of time. But I played until I was 40 years old.''' ,'''I think most of the compliments I've received during the years has been about my competitiveness. My desire to win and do things for the team to get to that goal. I think that was the one I heard the most.''' ,'''I just play the game the only way I know. And I have no regrets.''' ,'''The Madison Square Garden is a great arena to play at.''' ,'''If you live your life thinking about your legacy or what you're going to leave, you don't worry than you add another concern. Just live your life every single day, do the best you can and that's more of my motto than leaving a legacy.''' ,'''Even the bad moments, the tough ones, I'm proud of them, too. Those moments get you better, smarter, make you grow.''' ,'''Obviously, there is not one player in the world that doesn't like making shots.''' ,'''It is always painful when you see a teammate leaving. You create a bond, and you have been together for so long, and you are going to do your best with your guys.''' ,'''When you get blitzed on every pick-and-roll aggressively, you've just got to find the open teammate.''' ,'''I watched the NBA a lot growing up. I was a big fan, especially of the Bulls in the early 90s.''' ,'''There's always somebody better than you.''' ,'''I've never been a great shooter. I'm not a regular foreigner player.''' ,'''It's not always about winning a game or winning a championship.''' ,'''I don't buy this 'be a leader' thing. You don't force a leader. It just happens.''' ,'''I want the best for the Spurs.''' ,'''If I'm not playing good, it's just because I'm not playing good, not because my body is limiting me.''' ,'''First, confidence in your talent and then confidence that the team is going to look for you, because they need you. And when you reach that point, it changes a lot, because your mindset is completely different.''' ,'''I know I'm not the most orthodox kind of player. I just feel normal being like that.''' ,'''If I can hit a couple shots early, the opponent guards me in a different way.''' ,'''If you're from Argentina, you don't dream about these things. You probably dream about being in an Olympic game, but winning it? Going there and beating the NBA stars' team... you don't dream about that.''' ,'''Sometimes having good games. Sometimes bad ones. Sometimes making shots, and sometimes not. I'm the same guy, and I always said that winning the championship or not winning it, scoring 20 the last game or second-to-last or whatever, or zero, is not going to change who I am or the decision I make.''' ,'''I'm not going to live off the past.''' ,'''I can't play in a way that I am afraid to be injured.''' ,'''Probably 60% of my followers are from Argentina, so I tweet more in Spanish.''' ,'''Many times, we athletes have a camera in front of us and in many cases a lot of people with that same background or history do not have that opportunity.''' ,'''I never even think of playing soccer.''' ,'''It's not like I was a one-of-a-kind talented guy at 18 who made it to the NBA and have been playing in All-Star Games ever since.''' ,'''Myself and Tony Parker must be aggressive and attack the rim, because when we do so, we are at our best, and that opens up perimeter opportunities.''' ,'''When I got to the league, nobody knew me.''' ,'''I knew I was becoming popular in Argentina. I was starting to feel that some companies in Argentina were wanting to associate with me, so I just wanted to be a facilitator to raise funds and distribute them the way I thought was fair and to institutions that I trusted.''' ,'''I just play to win every game.''' ,'''The way I played, the way my body was all over the place, not thinking about being careful for the next game or anything like that, I think fans liked it.''' ,'''I know a lot of people want to buy puppies, but adopting a dog who needs a home is doing something good.''' ,'''It depends a lot on the character of the players, how you respond under pressure.''' ,'''There were a lot of people I really admired and that I liked watching, but not that I tried to compare myself or emulate or nothing like that.''' ,'''If you take going to the bench as a demotion or something that's terrible, you start with a bad attitude.''' ,'''I came to San Antonio without knowing anything about the city.''' ,'''You try to get the best shots possible, try to find the open teammate.''' ,'''That is what I'm going to remember when I retire, the rings I have. Not the fact I played 28 minutes or 33 or my name being called in the starting lineup.''' ,'''I really don't care about coming from the bench if that helps the team to win a championship.''' ,'''I know with Coach Messina I started to understand where my teammates were, how to use them and make them better for the benefit of the team.''' ,'''We all wish to be healthy all the time, and it doesn't happen like that.''' ,'''I bet it isn't easy to have each one of you moves overanalyzed.''' ,'''I need and want to spend time with my kids.''' ,'''I started playing pro in Argentina. Then I went to second division in Italy. Then after a lot of work, I made it to first division. And at 25, I got here in the NBA.''' ,'''I learned from many players over the years.''' ,'''You could come out and play a flawless game and still lose to a quality team; you could do things right, but they hit shots and things happen.''' ,'''It's a different thing when you play on a team that has to win, that doesn't consider it a good year unless you win the championship.''' ,'''It makes me feel good to do some things for my people. I believe we really help. I know we are not changing the world, but we try to help different people in different situations and we think we are accomplishing it.''' ,'''My city was very basketball-minded so I was born playing basketball and I didn't like playing soccer that much.''' ,'''I'm not good with long rests.''' ,'''I just consider myself a player, a team player.''' ,'''I've said before I play every season as if it's the last one.''' ,'''I been asked about my legacy and I really don't care much about the legacy.''' ,'''What I don't miss is the travelling, the late games, the back-to-backs, the not being able to sleep well. Being tired or sore, I don't miss that part at all.''' ,'''What I miss the most is the locker room, the dinners after the games. The preparation, the sense of going out there and be a team.''' ,'''Always been very comfortable and happy with my role with the Spurs.''' ,'''I guess the triple-double is a big deal in the States. For me, it's not.''' ,'''The game gave me so much, I am in debt forever.''' ,'''I'm a very lucky man.''' ,]
+++