+++
author = "Ramon Rodriguez"
title = "Ramon Rodriguez Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Ramon Rodriguez Quotes"
keywords = "ramon rodriguez,ramon rodriguez quotes,ramon rodriguez quote,ramon rodriguez sayings,ramon rodriguez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Growing up in New York City, my car culture is minimal. I rode on the train, the bus. I walked; I rode my bike, and when I was younger, I rode my skateboard.''' ,'''You don't make it anywhere without someone helping you out.''' ,'''I love 'I Love Lucy,' and I have the DVD set of 'I Love Lucy.'''' ,'''I played college basketball in West Virginia for two years, and then I graduated from NYU with a sports management degree because I realized the NBA's not going to happen.''' ,'''To be honest, a lot of ride-alongs are not that great. There might be one or two calls on the radio - not a lot - depending on what time you go.''' ,'''I don't really know much about cars.''' ,'''The camera never lies, man. I've learned that. If you allow it, it will see right through you, which is kind of cool.''' ,'''A friend told me about a Nike competition, where they give you one minute to do tricks with a basketball. I wasn't going to go, but they were giving away free sneakers. I ended up coming in second place.''' ,'''I grew up on Avenue C, and Tompkins Square Park was my park. That was where I played ball every day. I lived in that park.''' ,'''I interned for the Knicks for one year doing community relations, but I absolutely hated it. It was a desk job, and the team was not good at all, and I didn't realize how much that correlated to the office. It was just gray, gloomy days.''' ,'''I spent a lot of time with the LAPD. I spent six weeks training, weapons training, ride-alongs, surveillance, interviewing them, in all different departments and divisions.''' ,'''I like new challenges and new experiences.''' ,'''I wasn't really excited about doing television, to be quite honest.''' ,'''On the streets, hanging out with the fellows, there are things you learn that no book can teach you.''' ,'''My first celebrity crush... I had a huge crush on 'Cheetara' from 'ThunderCats.'''' ,'''Westerns are cool, man. I'm big on Westerns. I just love the grittiness.''' ,'''Basketball paid for four years of my education, and I am so proud of that.''' ,]
+++