+++
author = "Lauren Southern"
title = "Lauren Southern Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Lauren Southern Quotes"
keywords = "lauren southern,lauren southern quotes,lauren southern quote,lauren southern sayings,lauren southern saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't know why legal immigration even exists anymore when I can just put on some bronzer, get on a dingy boat, and just show up at the beaches of Sicily with the Koran in my hand.''' ,'''I think, in Australia, the no-go areas wouldn't be as bad as in Europe because they've got less mass immigration, but I've heard some pretty bizarre stories about riots, attacks.''' ,'''I judge people based on merit, on personality.''' ,'''When people put effort in life, it's more beautiful. But it doesn't come naturally to me.''' ,'''People think my position is this horrifying, scary, harsh position to say we need to protect our borders and that people cannot illegally enter our nation. This isn't my opinion - this is the law.''' ,'''I'm happy with being white. I'm fine with being white. I feel zero shame whatsoever in being white.''' ,'''The first rule of multiculturalism is that you can't talk about multiculturalism.''' ,'''So far, my trip in Australia has been absolutely lovely - wonderful country, wonderful people... And then there's Melbourne.''' ,'''This is what's hard: I know I'm legally a man, but I'm also male-minded, despite having the female appearance.''' ,'''You won't see Christians violently attacking people for criticising their religion like you do with Islam, things like the Charlie Hebdo attack.''' ,'''I'm totally open to changing my beliefs. I could grow up to be a total communist. I could grow up to be a Neocon. I'm looking to have my views challenged. I'm looking to be corrected.''' ,'''It's a pleasure to land here and see Australia upholding its commitment to free speech and Western culture - something that may not be here for much longer if left-wing Australian politicians continue their pathological worship of multiculturalism.''' ,'''I think women need to empower themselves instead of asking for handouts.''' ,'''There are so many people that are offended by debate and free speech that sometimes governments cower. It's just way easier to play into the hands of people who are totalitarian.''' ,'''Come out and say it, Zuckerberg - 'Our platform that influences billions of people is being used to propagandize left-wing viewpoints.'''' ,'''I don't think the alt-right would call me alt-right. They call me alt-lite, usually. I just consider myself a nationalist or a traditionalist.''' ,'''This is quite public knowledge. The South African government has said they're doing it. They've started seizing their first couple hundred farms.''' ,'''I try to surround myself with the people who genuinely believe in changing things, that are angry about it and want to make changes and want to make a change and are willing.''' ,'''I think the Americans have it right. The idea of having guns is essentially to protect yourself from a totalitarian government.''' ,'''The reality is, we have had filled rooms wherever we've spoken, and in New Zealand, the left and the right have been coming together and saying, 'We believe in free speech.'''' ,'''It's kind of hard to retain the feminine. I have so much respect for the feminine, but it's actually something I have to work for.''' ,'''Multiculturalism for any western country is a massive issue. The lack of integration, the increase of crime, violence, and mistrust in society, the segregation created due to mass immigration, these are only the beginning phases of something I fear will almost certainly get more worse and violent.''' ,'''If I were black, I could say I'm proud. If I were Asian, I could say I'm proud. If I were any other ethnicity, I could say I'm proud, because that's how our culture is, but if I'm white and I say I'm proud, the media will go nuts.''' ,'''It seems as though our leaders have almost forgotten about legal immigration and are just leaving our borders open, which is a detriment culturally, financially, and in a lot of other realms for native people.''' ,'''There's this ridiculous idea that I'm a gender traitor because I'm not a feminist. I'm supposed to be part of a sisterhood: you're automatically supposed to support all women just because you have the same genitals as them, which doesn't make sense.''' ,]
+++