+++
author = "Kenny Rogers"
title = "Kenny Rogers Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Kenny Rogers Quotes"
keywords = "kenny rogers,kenny rogers quotes,kenny rogers quote,kenny rogers sayings,kenny rogers saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was raised in the church.''' ,'''People will clap to be nice. They will not laugh to be nice.''' ,'''It is difficult to get played at my age on the radio.''' ,'''I'm much more comfortable singing than talking.''' ,'''My music was my life, and it played a large part in my inability to sustain relationships.''' ,'''You gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em, know when to walk away, know when to run.''' ,'''There's a new hit rock group or singer every five minutes, but with country music, you have one hit and those people love you forever.''' ,'''There is a trade off - as you grow older you gain wisdom but you lose spontaneity.''' ,'''I've always said music should make you laugh, make you cry or make you think.''' ,'''I just hope I can spread some of the happiness that's been coming my way.''' ,'''I think it's fun to play for people who don't know what you do.''' ,'''I think when you're in the public eye, you feel a pressure to stay younger looking.''' ,'''You know, when you're poor and you have a bunch of kids in your family, you don't know that everybody's not poor.''' ,'''You know, I've always said, I've never felt I was a particularly good singer, but I've always thought I had a great knack for picking hit songs.''' ,'''I still like going on the road and performing, but it's getting tougher. I try to have my wife and the twins with me but it's getting harder and harder for them. They need to be in a home environment and not traveling with me.''' ,'''I'm so totally future oriented that, for me, I don't know what the future's about, but I can promise you it's gonna be exciting.''' ,'''I have awards right now that I do not remember walking on stage to get.''' ,'''There has to be chemistry in a duet, but if you go beyond the point of friendship and attraction, you lose something.''' ,'''If you want people to know what your message is, just sing it.''' ,'''Radio is aimed at the 30-year-old market, so you have to have great music and appeal to get that age group. And you need a record company to believe in you. It's like a bit of the perfect storm.''' ,'''I feel like I learn something from everything I do.''' ,'''The first six years of my career, I got more comments on my weight than on my singing. So I think I became so self-conscious that I started working on it harder.''' ,'''Here's what I've learned about raising boys... if you keep 'em busy, they're fine. You let 'em get bored, they'll dismantle your house board by board.''' ,'''Growing older is not upsetting; being perceived as old is.''' ,'''When I think of the things I have, it makes me a little uneasy. I don't want people to think I've lost touch with reality.''' ,'''You know, I think the greatest gift in the world is a good employee, you know, or people who can do your work for you and do it well the way you'd like to have it done. And I've always been able to surround myself with really good people.''' ,'''Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.''' ,'''I've always said that gray hair looks good on everybody but yourself. To me, it makes me look old.''' ,'''Well, I don't think everything necessarily that I touch turns to gold, but I think I get great joy out of it regardless of whether it is successful or not.''' ,'''My mom loved to sing - and I'll go on record and say she was the worst singer ever. I'd get up and move away from her!''' ,'''Know when to hold 'um, know when to fold 'um and know when to walk away from cameramen.''' ,'''I had holes in my jeans well before it was fashionable.''' ,]
+++