+++
author = "Kathy Valentine"
title = "Kathy Valentine Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Kathy Valentine Quotes"
keywords = "kathy valentine,kathy valentine quotes,kathy valentine quote,kathy valentine sayings,kathy valentine saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Every now and then, a lot of bands doing the same kind of music will organically sprout up at once.''' ,'''If you have to do it, then you're doing the right thing.''' ,'''It's kind of like family. I can't say that we go out to lunch and to the movies every day with each other. Everyone's fully grown adult women with lives.''' ,'''But the Go-Go's are a very original, kind of organic thing.''' ,'''We only get together when there's a good reason. Like, last summer, we didn't really intend to go out, but we thought the B-52's tour was a good opportunity.''' ,'''The first album is a classic record and I think the prototype of a sound that no one else does.''' ,'''I think it's a reflection of the music business in general, which to me seems very fragmented.''' ,'''We always have a good time playing, and I'm glad it shows.''' ,'''Kids need stuff which is different than what their life is that they can kind of live through.''' ,'''When we finished the tour we had been writing together for a year. We moved forward from there and have just now finished our record. We're having a new record out in the Spring.''' ,'''I met Rodney when I first moved to LA, so I'd say 20 years. He's the eternal teenager.''' ,'''It's very different than it use to be. I think everybody has a lot more experience in how to be in a relationship - whether it's a marriage or a significant other or a business or a friend.''' ,'''I haven't been approached to do anything, but I would certainly make room for it. It was a really fun time.''' ,'''Because usually in the past when I was in a big band, that was all I did.''' ,'''Obviously, the hit singles get the biggest reaction - that's when you can see people really getting excited.''' ,'''I'm hoping that with the high profile that the Go-Go's are going to have over the next year, that if anybody is interested in what else I do, I'll have something I can say that I do.''' ,'''A lot of people don't realize it, but I've a lot less success than I've have had success.''' ,'''I'm friends with Carla Olsen and she's doing a lot of producing these days. She's getting quite a little collection of records that she's produced. She's real busy.''' ,'''I will be very grateful that I get to go out and play a song and get well paid for it.''' ,'''I've struggled just as much as anyone else.''' ,'''The new material fits very comfortably with the older stuff.''' ,]
+++