+++
author = "Janine Shepherd"
title = "Janine Shepherd Quotes"
quotes_len = "6"
description = "the best 6 Janine Shepherd Quotes"
keywords = "janine shepherd,janine shepherd quotes,janine shepherd quote,janine shepherd sayings,janine shepherd saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know that I'm not my body, and I also know that you're not yours.''' ,'''When I got home from hospital, and I was in a wheelchair in a plaster body cast, an aeroplane flew over. And I thought to myself, 'Well, if I can't walk, then I might as well fly.' And I was lifted into the aeroplane for the first time. And when I took the controls of the aeroplane, I knew this was something I could do. I thought, 'I can fly.'''' ,'''I say to people that it's a choice that we make every day in our lives. Doesn't matter what you're going through. You don't have to be going through what I went through. But it's whether you decide to get up or stay down, whether you say 'yes' or whether you say 'no' to life. Basically, I decided to say, 'Yes.'''' ,'''I think aerobatic pilots make the best pilots because you know, you're just so confident in an aeroplane. If you're gonna get into trouble, I'd rather be with someone that's a skilled aerobatic pilot.''' ,'''We can think so much about life and take ourselves so seriously; I mean, I like to tell people, 'Don't take life too seriously' because you'll cloud the experience. That's what the meaning of life is to me - being able to enjoy the moment.''' ,'''Life is about opportunities, creating them and embracing them, and for me, that was the Olympic dream. That's what defined me. That was my bliss.''' ,]
+++