+++
author = "Joe Root"
title = "Joe Root Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Joe Root Quotes"
keywords = "joe root,joe root quotes,joe root quote,joe root sayings,joe root saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We have to be prepared to play some attritional cricket at times.''' ,'''I'm not a massive reader, to be honest. I try and fill my time with other things. But I remember getting halfway through a book once. It was 'The Client' by John Grisham, which was quite interesting.''' ,'''In terms of pace, every captain wants pace in their attack.''' ,'''You're always trying to find ways of getting guys in positions in which they will be comfortable.''' ,'''You try to make sure you have respect for the opposition but still play to win and play hard cricket.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I give the hairdryer treatment but when we've not performed well you have to make people aware.''' ,'''I did get the nickname 'craptain' from the Yorkshire dressing room. A bit of banter which I thought was quite funny.''' ,'''I do believe in God.''' ,'''It is motivating seeing how powerful it is when people come together and show support for a fantastic organisation like the NHS. We are very lucky to have it. We should appreciate it and not take it for granted.''' ,'''There's always things you want to get better at and learn from but that's something that's quite hard to instil in players.''' ,'''I played my first game of adult cricket at about eight or nine when the fifth team were short and picked me to field and bat at No 11. From then I just got the bug and wanted to play as often as possible.''' ,'''I just need to find the best version of myself. Find improvements to what I've already got, rather than trying to remodel my game.''' ,'''I don't get too fussy about food around games. It is more just a case of making sure I get some fuel on board. But I quite enjoy poached eggs and toast in the morning so I often go for that before training.''' ,'''There are always different areas in the game you want to develop. For me it's my all-round game in different conditions in different places in the world.''' ,'''You have to enjoy winning and being part of a successful team, just being a young bloke. But at the same time you want to be back page and not front page news and be spoken about for your cricket and contributing to winning rather than getting it wrong on a night out.''' ,'''The important thing is to stay very strong with my natural game.''' ,'''Every now and then you might have to change things around. It's not something that is good to do a lot - especially with your batting - but every now and then, I don't think it's a bad thing.''' ,'''You want to be busy and try and get the scoreboard moving, and showing that intent when you go out there is important.''' ,'''I remember getting hit in the ribs when I was on about eight or nine in my first game, and everyone rushed over, quite concerned. The umpire said to me afterwards, 'If anyone had appealed I would have had to give you out LB!' I ended that innings about nine not out off about 15 overs. I was already digging in - Yorkshire style.''' ,'''When you go to Australia you are always asked whether you can perform in hostile environments against high pace and every Australian side I have played against has had guys bowling over 90mph.''' ,'''We pride ourselves on taking opportunities to win when we have them.''' ,'''Unfortunately I am a human being and not a robot.''' ,'''As a batter you are generally playing a mental game most of the time and having too long to prepare can work against you - you can almost fry yourself out before a Test match or feel slightly fatigued two games in because you have spent too long preparing.''' ,'''Bowling at Steve Smith in his form is difficult and you have to make sure you take all your chances.''' ,'''Something people might not know about me is, I like playing the guitar.''' ,'''It's tough to take, losing the Ashes. It's bitterly disappointing.''' ,'''A lot of the things we do in Test cricket revolves around planning for the Ashes series down under.''' ,'''Individually we all have to play to our strengths.''' ,'''I've always wanted to play Test cricket from a young age and that's what you dream about. But you have to make sure you can contribute regardless of the format.''' ,'''Coming out of the Ashes in 2013-14 and the World Cup in 2015 I realised how much I wanted to be a force in international cricket.''' ,'''We should be looking to inspire every living person in this country to play the game of cricket.''' ,'''In the past, I found myself on occasions not playing the game at the speed that suits me. I need to make sure I'm in control of what is going on out there as much as I can.''' ,'''Teams quickly find trends in ways you get out. If you get out in similar fashion on three or four occasions, teams will be using that as a weapon to get you out.''' ,'''As a player I think you naturally think long term and think what is the schedule in the next year or so.''' ,'''The dressing-room environment is very difficult to replicate, camaraderie is very important.''' ,'''I've been called Ellen DeGeneres on a number of occasions over the course of my career.''' ,'''You learn from the bad games and the bad tours. And, when things are going well, you think about that and you make the most of it. You don't get lazy; you don't rest on your laurels.''' ,'''We think it is a really important part of your journey, as an international player, that you come in and you want it to feel like it's the pinnacle of the game. That you want to come back into that environment. You don't want to think, 'Well, I'd much prefer playing for Sussex,' or your county.''' ,'''I think I can be quite cheeky at times.''' ,'''I used to see Michael Vaughan play at the club and then to watch him captain England was inspiring.''' ,'''I want England to do well. I want us to go to World Cups and win. If I'm not in the best eleven or the best squad, so be it. I'll support whoever's involved all the way through.''' ,'''Every game against Australia matters.''' ,'''I know how important it is that test cricket is my main focus.''' ,'''You have to look at areas you want to get better at, both in yourself and as a team.''' ,'''There is nothing wrong with being gay.''' ,'''You turn up to an Ashes series and put everything you can into it.''' ,'''All we can do as players and ambassadors of the game is try to set an example, playing in the right way and make it as entertaining as possible for people watching.''' ,'''Every time you're involved in an Ashes series, as soon as it finishes at the back of your mind you start thinking about the next one.''' ,'''I am slightly better at sleeping now during Test matches. I have a diary and I write things down, which helps. I write about decisions, a lot about opposition and stuff I want to say to the team so I am clear on the message I want to give.''' ,'''I like to think I'll be quite instinctive as a leader.''' ,'''Michael Vaughan gave me his old thigh pad when he retired. It was in my kitbag for a long time.''' ,'''Coming off the field and having a young family, it's very easy to distract yourself.''' ,'''What batsmen like me do for fitness is often a bit different to what bowlers like Jimmy Anderson or Stuart Broad do but everyone in the squad has a big focus on core strength. It is really important for batting, bowling and fielding. You need a strong core and spine so your movement isn't restricted out there.''' ,'''This game can be brutal. As soon as you get comfortable, it bites you. You have to stay on it all the time.''' ,'''Whenever I go through any sort of bad patch, I remind myself that part of the game of cricket is God testing you.''' ,'''You learn from the mistakes you make.''' ,'''I love playing five days of cricket; personally, I think it's the best format.''' ,'''Every player wants to see the game grow and flourish so it would be great to be able to help do that by achieving something very special.''' ,'''I just love playing for England, whether it's opening or middle order.''' ,'''You can sometimes bowl extremely well and get no reward.''' ,'''If you look round the world, most teams want guys who can bowl up at 90 mph because they can make things happen when it isn't doing much.''' ,'''The great thing about T20 is that it only takes one performance. One piece of individual brilliance can win a game and that can change the whole way you approach a tournament.''' ,'''From the age of six I used to watch every England team and when I was messing around in the backyard I would pretend to be whoever was scoring runs at the time, whether they were a right or left-hander. I just wanted to be them and do that.''' ,'''After a test match it's very easy to make selections, once you've seen exactly how the surface is going to play.''' ,'''If I was playing for my local club I'd want to play in exactly the same way as if I was playing for England and, if that ever changes, it's probably time to stop.''' ,'''There is no point having team meetings where no one speaks because you don't learn anything.''' ,'''I want to make contributions that help us win Test matches rather than put us in positions where we have to play extremely well to win.''' ,'''I'm just trying to score as many runs as I can each time. The more I can make over a hundred, the better.''' ,'''You are not going to win many games if you start behind.''' ,'''I'm known as tidy, I like to keep my stuff in order.''' ,'''I can remember that 2005 Ashes as a kid and being really absorbed in that whole series at 14 years old. It was magical.''' ,'''Time has never really been an issue in Test cricket, especially in the modern game where things naturally move quicker than they have in the past.''' ,'''Whenever you lose, it hurts.''' ,'''If you're playing against someone, you always want them playing flat out and at their best - so when you are successful you know you've produced a really good performance.''' ,'''It's not about how many games we win with me as captain, it's about us being consistently getting better over a long period of time and looking to be that number one side in the world.''' ,'''I'd love to go and visit Pakistan. It would be a great opportunity to go and play there personally. Unfortunately, it's not my decision to make, but it looks a wonderful country to go and play cricket in.''' ,'''I just want to represent England whether it is in the middle, at the top or wherever. If it means opener then great but I'm not too fussed about it. I just want to be in the side.''' ,'''To score runs you have to be pragmatic.''' ,'''Sometimes people say things on the field that they might regret, but they should stay on the field.''' ,'''I've played a lot of cricket at Trent Bridge over the years, and have had a lot of fond memories there.''' ,'''Make sure you look after people around you and it holds you in good stead going forward in terms of leadership. Look at all the best leaders and they have those qualities.''' ,'''When I'm waiting to bat I try to watch the game and make sure I know what is going on so I am ready when I get out there but I spend a lot of time hydrating. It is very important for your performance and concentration. If it is cold I might have a coffee but mainly I am trying to stay really hydrated.''' ,'''You can never really replicate the dressing-room environment and building something as a group of players.''' ,'''You don't win games by batting long periods of time.''' ,'''As a captain I think tactically I've been quite good.''' ,'''In white-ball cricket the conditions do vary, but throughout Tests it varies a lot more in a five-day game, and home advantage becomes more prevalent in Test cricket.''' ,'''I have a short, home-made armguard because I don't like the regular ones. I'd wear that on a lively pitch. I don't use a chest guard because I find it too restrictive.''' ,'''I was pretty much a goody-two shoes at school - a bit boring, didn't get in trouble with teachers - it was classical Yorkshire: a lot of respect to your elders. Once I started playing cricket that sort of slipped away.''' ,'''I try not to measure myself against other players.''' ,'''You look at someone like Neil Wagner - he's got a big heart, a big engine, and keeps running. And that's what you want, you want guys who, time and time again, want to be putting themselves in that position, to keep wanting to create chances and keep trying to change the game.''' ,'''Jos has been the most complete white-ball batsman we've had ever. The way he can play a number of different scenarios. He can just demoralise attacks and very quickly swing games massively in your favour.''' ,'''I still like to think I have a pretty good laugh with the other guys in the dressing room and still enjoy a beer and the odd night out.''' ,'''You have to have a laugh and a joke. If you spend five days playing a Test match and so much time together off the field, it's important to keep morale high.''' ,'''From a young age I've always known my game pretty well and coming from a club like Yorkshire you are generally taught to say what you think. If you don't say what you think then someone else does.''' ,'''I do a lot of free weights in the gym, with lots of squats, lunges and push-pull exercises to help develop strength and power.''' ,'''My first bat was a Duncan Fearnley 405, size two. I was aged about four. I loved that bat, such great memories. I gave it to a family member and never saw it again.''' ,'''I have been given a fantastic opportunity to captain the Test side and will continue to work very hard at doing my best at that.''' ,'''We've seen guys in the sport, like Steve Smith and Virat Kohli, who have actually benefited from the captaincy.''' ,'''That's the food chain that cricket is sometimes. You have to be at the top of it otherwise you get swept away and eaten up.''' ,'''That was my upbringing: you treat people with respect.''' ,]
+++