+++
author = "Max Weinberg"
title = "Max Weinberg Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Max Weinberg Quotes"
keywords = "max weinberg,max weinberg quotes,max weinberg quote,max weinberg sayings,max weinberg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was a really crazy kid. I'm still a crazy kid. That's the nice thing about being in a rock band. You can feel 14 forever.''' ,'''I have to give my family credit for putting up with the racket, because as some of you may know, its not the easiest thing in the world to live with a kid who's trying to become a rock and roll drummer.''' ,'''I take my fun very seriously, whether it's playing the drums or acting in comedy bits. The need to be disciplined about it, and not take it lightly, and not be too casual, is something I take deeply to heart.''' ,'''The best thing about the E Street Band was we had the best lead singer around.''' ,'''I will always desire to play with Bruce Springsteen. He's the most inspirational, most dedicated, most committed and most focused artist I've ever seen. I like to be around people like that.''' ,'''I have been very lucky to find something I am good at and can make money at... Playing with Bruce was the embodiment of everything that a little kid could dream about.''' ,'''There's a certain groove you pick that makes the music flow, and when you have it it's in your pocket. It's the feeling behind the rhythm... to me, the hardest thing to strive for is that feeling, behind the groove.''' ,'''My father wasn't a very good lawyer. He thought the law was sacred and something that was meant to help people. He didn't charge people like he should have... which is why I was allowed to play bars and strip joints when I was 14.''' ,'''All I ever wanted to do was play the drums; I felt good about myself when I played the drums. So I worked anywhere and everywhere I could lug my drums in.''' ,'''I think 'Bat Out Of Hell' will probably last forever.''' ,]
+++