+++
author = "Herbie Mann"
title = "Herbie Mann Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Herbie Mann Quotes"
keywords = "herbie mann,herbie mann quotes,herbie mann quote,herbie mann sayings,herbie mann saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''But when I first got cancer, after the initial shock and the fear and paranoia and crying and all that goes with cancer - that word means to most people ultimate death - I decided to see what I could do to take that negative and use it in a positive way.''' ,'''I was raised in Brooklyn, and I lived there for 59 years.''' ,'''Music allows the great opportunity to play with people who turned you on and you love.''' ,'''I loved the Brazilian music I played. But this is finally me. For the first time I think it's really me.''' ,'''To most jazz critics I was basically Kenny G.''' ,'''Being selfish to me means that you have to look out for yourself and you don't have to sacrifice.''' ,'''The music we're playing now is based on my heritage, which is Russian, Romanian and Hungarian.''' ,'''I always say, if you keep your head in the sand, you don't know where the kick's coming from.''' ,'''My youngest son, who is now the drummer in my band, lives in Brooklyn. My oldest son is about to move out to California, and my daughters are both out of town.''' ,'''You don't have to live the blues to play the blues.''' ,'''Why do you have to retire at 65? Why can't you start at 70? You know, like wine. Why can't music be that way? My new band, we're playing stuff that's never been done before.''' ,'''One of the advantages of not having a record contract is that you can make your own mistakes, you don't need somebody else to organize them for you.''' ,'''I had sat in one day in Central Park with Bonnie and Delaney, and Duane was playing with them, so I asked if he wanted to work on an album. You never had to say to him how to play the guitar.''' ,'''By the time I'm 90, I hope to have it together.''' ,'''My father's father came from Russia; my mother came from Romania.''' ,'''Think about it: Look at the strides of awareness and treatment and tests that women have had with breast cancer, that the gay community has had with AIDS, because they're active and they talk about it.''' ,'''If you want to play somebody's music, you'd better go into his house.''' ,'''The reality is that what you find out is that your head is the medicine. If your head is not in the right place and you don't think positively, all the medicine technology in the world is not going to work.''' ,'''Being stubborn has helped, being selfish is not a bad thing.''' ,'''When you get cancer, it's like really time to look at what your life was and is, and I decided that everything I've done so far is not as important as what I'm going to do now.''' ,'''My ego is controlled enough that I don't have to be the focus.''' ,'''For me Brazilian music is the perfect mix of melody and rhythm. It just bubbles rhythmically. If I had to pick just one music style to play if would be Brazilian.''' ,'''You have to be concerned with yourself because if you're not on it all the time, nobody else is going to be.''' ,'''I recently formed a foundation to raise awareness for prostate cancer. I feel it's very necessary that men be more aware about prostate cancer and their health in general.''' ,'''What I try to do is produce an atmosphere where musicians want to invest in what they do and give to the recording. I hire those musicians who I know will play something creative and interesting.''' ,]
+++