+++
author = "Naomi"
title = "Naomi Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Naomi Quotes"
keywords = "naomi,naomi quotes,naomi quote,naomi sayings,naomi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You always have to believe in yourself and not let your confidence fade.''' ,'''I just felt like I needed an opportunity to be on my own. I knew that once I got that moment, the 'Glow' was what I wanted to do. That's who I was.''' ,'''I'm away from my family so much doing my job. My family is my motivation for everything, so it's only right that's what you get to see on 'Total Divas.'''' ,'''Just knowing the history of WWE, I know there haven't been a lot of African Americans that have come through and been successful. But there are women who have done amazing and inspired me.''' ,'''Eventually, I would love to hold the RAW title at some point before I retire or make that transition.''' ,'''I didn't grow up watching wrestling, and it's something that I fell for and took to.''' ,'''The great thing about 'Total Divas' is that it gives people who don't watch wrestling an avenue to see how empowering we women are.''' ,'''I took inspiration from one of my favorite movies, 'The Last Dragon,' along with my own personal thoughts and ideas.''' ,'''I have had a variety of ideas, and I have thought about opening a dance studio. I am very passionate about dance. There are not many dance studios where I live.''' ,'''I have a very creative mind, and I'm always looking for new stuff and new things.''' ,'''Being an Orlando Magic dancer was definitely one of the most exciting times of my life. Being on the team was really like being in a sisterhood.''' ,'''I took a huge risk. At the time, I was an Orlando Magic dancer, and I was going on my third year. It was then when wrestling was introduced to me. I took a chance, packed up all my stuff, and moved away from home.''' ,'''I feel that, in the WWE, everyone is given the same opportunities to succeed based on merit, and I think the crowd likes who they like. There are people that like us, and there are people that won't like us.''' ,'''It's definitely hard being taken from your dream, especially when you're trying to accomplish something.''' ,'''A lot of female viewers who may not have known about wrestling or watched it before are tuning in now because of 'Total Divas.'''' ,'''From the first day I got signed to WWE, being the champion was always my number one goal, and after years of consistent hard work both mentally and physically, ups and downs, I was finally in that moment I had dreamt and thought about so much!''' ,''''Survivor Series' is one of my favorite pay-per-views because I'm Smackdown strong: I bleed blue. I've been my most successful since being on SmackDown.''' ,'''We have so many different lives outside of the WWE, it's cool that people get to see all the different lifestyles and struggles we all have.''' ,'''It gets hard no matter what it is you're doing - school, work - the only way you're going to do it is if you stay consistent and focused.''' ,'''I would love to get bumped up to be team captain, or even Asuka. Either-or. We can even be co-captains.''' ,'''I loved being a Funkadactyl and was looking forward to us evolving together.''' ,'''I've always been a fan of Asukas. I didn't get to know her until she came to SmackDown.''' ,'''Being able to travel across the world and meet all the different fans is super rewarding.''' ,'''We as individuals have good and bad days, but we are all passionate, career driven, and competitive. As a collective, the whole locker room has excellent heads on our shoulders, and you have to remember it is a sisterhood.''' ,'''When I first came to NXT, I was wearing the neon stuff. Then I got away from it and ended up being a Funkadactyl dancer, which was awesome.''' ,'''Believe in yourself, be persistent, and don't let anyone break your confidence.''' ,'''Dancing for Flo Rida was a great experience.''' ,'''I knew a women's Royal Rumble would happen eventually, but nobody was sure. We speculated about it in the locker room; we were all so excited.''' ,'''Sometimes I do have to find out things the hard way.''' ,'''I'm really into EDM music and the culture of that. I just love all that stuff.''' ,'''Being a part of WWE Evolution, to me, is one of my greatest accomplishments.''' ,'''I see myself as a role model, and I think that everything that I am putting out is positive.''' ,'''That is just a part of my personality, being the voice of reasoning, and it is kind of annoying being that person all the time, but pretty much what you see on 'Total Divas' is who we are as individuals.''' ,'''I do think people see us on WWE so often as just characters. They forget we have real lives and we go through similar situations as the average person.''' ,'''After Team B.A.D. split and the Brand Extension, I got injured and took some time off.''' ,'''I needed more stuff that glowed so when the lights went out, you could actually see me the whole time. So I slowly built it from there. I wanted everything to glow. I want my hair to glow, I want my nails to glow, I want my eyes to glow, I want my lips to glow, you know?''' ,'''Our locker room is so positive. We are all focused on the same objectives, and that's equality for women.''' ,'''I love everything about Asuka, and everyone loves Asuka. She's an amazing performer, worker, mother, and friend. Genuinely, she is the best. I can see myself growing and learning so much with her. She's done it all, and she's the toughest woman I know.''' ,'''It's amazing because wrestling is global. No matter where we go in the world, it brings in the same love and response everywhere. It brings in so many different diversities and people from different walks of life.''' ,'''I would love to see 'Total Divas' grow more. The show is doing awesome.''' ,'''I remember, when I started wrestling at 21, I thought, 'By the time I'm 30, I'm sure I'll probably be on my way out and be ready to have kids.' But that time flew by so fast!''' ,'''I really believe in the 'Glow' and live my life that way. It's about being positive inside and out and being the best version of yourself possible.''' ,'''When it's show time, no matter what, differences are put to the side, and we come together to put on the best show possible because we are all professionals. Our love and passion for what we do always override any issues.''' ,'''I wear something different every week because I haven't found that one look that I really like. But I also like the idea of wearing something different every week because I think that keeps it fresh and new.''' ,]
+++