+++
author = "Mats Hummels"
title = "Mats Hummels Quotes"
quotes_len = "76"
description = "the best 76 Mats Hummels Quotes"
keywords = "mats hummels,mats hummels quotes,mats hummels quote,mats hummels sayings,mats hummels saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A video referee is useful for sure.''' ,'''We earn enough here in Dortmund.''' ,'''Basically... I think moving abroad would be good for my professional and personal well-being. Eventually, I'd like to leave the Bundesliga.''' ,'''I cheer for Klopp.''' ,'''Fundamentally, England, Spain and Germany were the relevant leagues I could see myself playing football in.''' ,'''When I end my career, I don't need to win eight championships, I'd rather have done something special.''' ,'''I am not the kind of person who always hopes for the easiest opponent.''' ,'''I've never measured success in terms of trophies. I would never say, 'If I have never won the Champions League, I am not happy in life.'''' ,'''Who would not like to play for Juve?''' ,'''Anything is possible in football.''' ,'''I can't say I am a Liverpool fan. I don't have a club in England. I just want Klopp to win. If he was coach of another team, I would support them.''' ,'''After Euro 2012, I had very little holiday and almost no desire to play football. I was slipping into depression, from all the travelling.''' ,'''If you are a player and you don't really retire by yourself there should still be an opportunity to qualify for the national team.''' ,'''I don't know anyone who is more self-critical than me.''' ,'''I feel we could be doing more to connect the increasing revenues in football to some kind of deeper purpose. This is what struck me about Common Goal. Through the one percent pledge, we are building a bridge between football and social impact around the world.''' ,'''At the German FA, they don't like criticism.''' ,'''If seven or eight players play offensively, then it's clear that the offensive force is greater than the defensive stability. That's what I often say internally.''' ,'''I realize in every year I don't win a title, I'm closer to retiring.''' ,'''If someone plays five good games in a row for the Bavarians, there is more talk about them being in the national team than of those who play five good games in a row for Dortmund or Wolfsburg or Bayer Leverkusen.''' ,'''At the end of the day, everyone is repsonsible for their own contracts. Nobody forced us to sign them.''' ,'''As soon as I heard of Common Goal I knew this was a chance for football to improve our world and I wanted to be part of it.''' ,'''The Spanish and the English leagues are the strongest.''' ,'''You can only become world champions if you work as a team.''' ,'''I have always addressed any mistakes I have made and will keep doing so. It's nothing I duck away from.''' ,'''The Champions League is a target for me in any case. I want to win this title.''' ,'''I was always proud, and still am, to wear the BVB jersey and to be part of this exceptional team.''' ,'''It's difficult to win trophies with Dortmund but it's always possible. And when it happens, the feeling is simply indescribable.''' ,'''Everyone knows how much I love it at Dortmund but I also want to make sure I'm part of a strong team with powerful players.''' ,'''I'm definitely a fan of giving a German-speaking team a German-speaking coach.''' ,'''Everybody can win things with 25 superstars in the squad.''' ,'''There will always be players injured or suspended.''' ,'''I rather win one championship as a key player than four championships as a part-time player.''' ,'''I tend to comfort eat when I am frustrated.''' ,'''Age gives you a feeling that you don't have forever to win.''' ,'''There will always be someone who can pay more than BVB. But Dortmund have made a lot of progress during my time here.''' ,'''I always judge what gives me the most fun and not where a better, more expensive team is.''' ,'''I have always said that the BVB style is exactly how I want to play football.''' ,'''In top form, Messi is the best footballer I have ever seen - period.''' ,'''I'm being completely honest. If you sit on the bench and the others win, then you will not really feel like part of the winning team.''' ,'''Nobody thought that I could become a professional. I was not that good. It was really just one thing I had fun doing. But it was never realistic for me to become a professional until I became 17 or maybe 18.''' ,'''Loyalty is important to me.''' ,'''Some days I think I would definitely like to move abroad but then, other days, I think I don't fancy it at all.''' ,'''Not everyone can win the European Championship.''' ,'''In Germany, too many clubs are too scared of Bayern, both on and off the pitch.''' ,'''We can't all play forever.''' ,'''For Zidane to say he's impressed - well, that's the greatest compliment! He was my role model, I just loved to see him play, and I used to try and imitate his moves when I was young. I think he was by far the best footballer of his generation.''' ,'''Saying goodbye to Dortmund was difficult for me of course.''' ,'''I don't think it's my duty to dismiss rumours which other people invent.''' ,'''The first half of the 2014-15 season was a disaster for me in relation to my weight.''' ,'''With Ronaldo, I think I've identified a few patterns; there are certain striking things. I will try to utilise this knowledge to my advantage.''' ,'''I played together with Lewandowski for many years, so I know a good striker when I see one.''' ,'''You don't often find a team where people are really friends with each other.''' ,'''Low and I needed some time to get used to each other.''' ,'''As a general rule I don't have to play in the Champions League to be happy.''' ,'''If a coach wants me to stay, then I think it's good that he doesn't just butter things up, but actually tells the truth.''' ,'''I believe that, in principle, it is easier to get into the national team if you perform well at Bayern, compared to what the benefits of playing for other clubs are.''' ,'''Insulting players and coaches and spitting on us is simply wrong. You cannot go out and walk around town and just start insulting people or spit at them either.''' ,'''I am honoured by Juve's interest in my services.''' ,'''If one day I start thinking about playing abroad, money won't be the reason.''' ,'''It is always easier to accept defeat when you were the weaker team.''' ,'''When the big clubs, and Manchester United is one of the biggest clubs in the world, is interested in you, it's an honour and it's a kind of an acceptance of what you play - so it's a good thing.''' ,'''I am convinced Klopp can win the league at Liverpool. He has shown he doesn't need the biggest transfer budget or the biggest name to win the biggest trophies.''' ,'''I am not really known as a globetrotter.''' ,'''I watch all our games again at home and I know when I have made a mistake and when I haven't.''' ,'''Fans seemingly project their frustration and anger on the players and coaches. This results in insults and even in people spitting at us.''' ,'''I don't really notice the loss of one kilogram when I run, but I do when it's more than one.''' ,'''I think we need to start to punish time wasting more rigorously, for example with more additional time or earlier yellow cards.''' ,'''I know how strong Klopp's teams are.''' ,'''Some people may say wrong decisions belong in football, but if a final is decided in the 90th minute by a wrong decision, for me that is not a fair result.''' ,'''You often got the feeling that teams had already given up before the game against Bayern had started.''' ,'''Training and playing are different things. I've noticed it. If you come in and you realise after six minutes that it is tiring, then that is a clear difference to training.''' ,'''If you win, you just enjoy it.''' ,'''I do not necessarily want to play for the best team in the world. I would prefer to win the Champions League with Dortmund than six with another club.''' ,'''I believe that Common Goal can make a real and lasting impact.''' ,'''For me personally, nothing ever changes. When I go out onto the pitch, I always want to win. All the other circumstances, whether we're favourites or underdogs, whether we're under pressure or not, doesn't make a big difference.''' ,'''Sometimes you can get into a fight but you know everything the next day will be okay.''' ,]
+++