+++
author = "Jack Rodwell"
title = "Jack Rodwell Quotes"
quotes_len = "67"
description = "the best 67 Jack Rodwell Quotes"
keywords = "jack rodwell,jack rodwell quotes,jack rodwell quote,jack rodwell sayings,jack rodwell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's mentally hard. There are times when you're set back again, and you don't know what to do.''' ,'''I was not guaranteed a starting place at Everton. I had a lot of injuries. Darron Gibson and Marouane Fellaini were in form, so it was a push for me to get in that side.''' ,'''I have been playing box-to-box more for Everton as a two, so I have felt comfortable in that position, but anywhere across the midfield I can play.''' ,'''No matter what squad I go to, I always feel I can add something to it.''' ,'''I started out playing football in the park with my dad. My dad was a bit of a ball player, but he couldn't really be bothered playing.''' ,'''To be honest, from England Under-16s, through the 17s and 18s, really all the way through my youth career, I played at centre-half. For some reason, when I made my debut at Everton, I just played in central midfield, and it went from there.''' ,'''It is effectively a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to be involved, and the chance to win an Olympic medal would be amazing.''' ,'''It's brilliant to be compared with such a player as Rio Ferdinand.''' ,'''At first it was a bit surreal playing in the Premier League at 16, coming up against world-class players, because it had always been my dream. But quickly, it becomes second nature to you.''' ,'''I changed my car completely - I was in a sports car and changed to a Jeep, which is more stable for the back and doesn't put too much stress on it.''' ,'''As a kid, I always dreamed of making my senior debut.''' ,'''At the end of the day, we love playing football, so that is the main thing. I am doing something that I really love to do. It is a job, but it is a hobby as well.''' ,'''You always want to test yourself at a high level, and I would be proud to represent Great Britain.''' ,'''Eventually, I think I'll probably end up at centre-half. By the time I get to 28 or 29, I imagine I'll be a defender.''' ,'''I am happy at Everton, and I can't do anything else other than concentrate on my own game.''' ,'''I have a lot of experience at Under-21 level, so hopefully that can show in my performances.''' ,'''I'm a strong person, and when I am not in the team, I can motivate myself to keep focused and be prepared for when I get called on.''' ,'''England Under 16, Under 17, Under 18, I played centre-half. But back then, David Moyes thought it was difficult to throw a 16-year-old in there. There was a big hype around me. He wanted me to fulfil my potential; he wanted to get me in as early as possible.''' ,'''I believe in my ability.''' ,'''David Moyes works you really hard, but he's also a fair manager as well.''' ,'''I've not got a bad word to say about City. If they want you and sign you, then they have got intent for you.''' ,'''I never really supported anyone when I was younger, but I'm an Evertonian now.''' ,'''I've had my family around me all the time, and that's been a great help.''' ,'''I believe that whatever squad I join, I can add to it. It might take some time, but that's what I'm there for.''' ,'''If Manchester United come knocking, you can't turn that down.''' ,'''The transfer deadline can be a distraction if you allow it to be.''' ,'''I do believe I'm a Premier League player, and I do believe I'm an England international when I'm fit and on form.''' ,'''There's been a lot come through at Everton: Wayne Rooney, obviously, and lately, Victor Anichebe has made it, James Vaughan, and the likes of myself.''' ,'''Throughout their career, the likes of Xavi and Andres Iniesta have all been taught to a play a certain way. English players have been taught a different way, just like Brazil have been taught a different way.''' ,'''I've played all over, to be honest. Centre-half, defensive midfield, attacking midfield.''' ,'''International football is different to the Premier League.''' ,'''Any player at City is prepared to play anywhere, and I'm no different.''' ,'''I've been at Man City and won the league. I've played for England. I've had success and good times - just not enough for someone of my ability.''' ,'''When you're out for a week here and there, it sets you back, and you're out of the team.''' ,'''I've had a lot of injuries.''' ,'''It's been frustrating for me, as I've been injured a lot, but hopefully, I can get more fitness and get time on the pitch.''' ,'''Blackburn is a club which has won the Premier League before, and it doesn't get bigger or better than that.''' ,'''I just want to do the best I can, which means playing for the England full side one day and carry on playing well for Everton.''' ,'''Midfield, defence - I have even played out wide for Everton, so I will do a job anywhere and give 100 percent.''' ,'''If you are good enough, you should play.''' ,'''I got scouted at six by Everton. My parents said it was maybe a bit too young. A year later, I went down to trials at Everton and have been there ever since.''' ,'''I've played at centre-half plenty of times before.''' ,'''I've had injuries that have hampered my career but that is part and parcel of being a footballer. You just have to bounce back and remain focused.''' ,'''You have to go 100 per cent and be confident in your body.''' ,'''A lot is made of my injuries and yes, I've had niggles and muscle problems. Some managers haven't picked me, and my form has played a part at times as well.''' ,'''I like centre-half, but I can play centre-mid as well.''' ,'''There have been ups and downs over the years, but that's in the past, and now I'm just looking forward and focussed on the future ahead.''' ,'''I played in the Under 18s when I was 14, then the reserves at 15, and then the first team.''' ,'''Phil Neville has been great in terms of the pointers he has given me.''' ,'''What I've been missing in my career is 30 back-to-back games and getting a good run of form and confidence.''' ,'''To play in the white shirt of England is an honour, and you give your all every time you step on the pitch.''' ,'''The player I look up to is Rio Ferdinand. I have always played at the back, and I've always tried to base my game on his.''' ,'''Obviously, the Champions League and Premier League are the biggies, and obviously, if you could win any, it would be one of those two.''' ,'''My ambitions are just to keep working hard and, when I do get on, to make an impression.''' ,'''When you're on the pitch, you can't think about what the fans are thinking.''' ,'''I vaguely remember the 1998 World Cup. Michael Owen scored; I remember watching that.''' ,'''I'm a footballer; I want a football club.''' ,'''In my first season after Mancini signed me, I was injured a lot, but when I was fit, he did play me.''' ,'''Every time I step on to the pitch, I give my all.''' ,'''I believe I could be a good centre-half.''' ,'''I was at Everton from the age seven. Being there 14 years meant any move was going to be big.''' ,'''I'm a great believer in my ability, but I've not had the chance to prove it.''' ,'''I joined Sunderland, a great club, to be successful, to feel at home again. It hasn't worked out, but that's not through lack of effort.''' ,'''I'm just going to give my all every game, be a good box-to-box midfielder, hopefully score some goals, and I will always give it 100 per cent.''' ,'''I'm not saying I'm never going to get injured again; that's just impossible.''' ,'''I just want to do the best I can, which means hopefully play for the full England side one day and carry on playing well for Everton.''' ,'''When you sign for a new club, you just want to play, and when injury stops you, it is frustrating.''' ,]
+++