+++
author = "Charles Forsman"
title = "Charles Forsman Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Charles Forsman Quotes"
keywords = "charles forsman,charles forsman quotes,charles forsman quote,charles forsman sayings,charles forsman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My brother and I were really into baseball cards, and it seemed like an easy switch to jump over to comics.''' ,'''My teenage years were pretty - I have regrets about those years. Obviously everyone knows that as a teenager it's really confusing and your feelings are so raw.''' ,'''If we got writing assignments in English class to make up a story, that was when the glimmer of creativity popped out. That was way more interesting to me than writing down my life details.''' ,'''I listen to tech podcasts and read tech news everyday. So I am not unfamiliar with Amazon's practices. I'm not surprised that they bought Comixology.''' ,'''I grew up with 2 older brothers, the oldest of which was big into film. Hanging around him got me seeing so much good stuff at an early age. Maybe a 10-year-old should not be watching 'Boyz N the Hood' like 10 times in a row? I don't know. But it probably shaped me in some way.''' ,'''Something that comics afford me is being able to change my mind at the last minute.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of not doing world-building or exposition. My eyes glaze over when I see it.''' ,'''The presentation of young people you often get from Hollywood is too shiny.''' ,'''I find myself laughing at really bad situations.''' ,'''Find the confidence in whatever way you can to just keep moving onto the next page. The only way you will finish projects and get better is to keep moving forward.''' ,'''I love a nicely designed paper comic but I don't need to own them. To me, comics are about reading them. If I can get that on a tablet and not have another pile of paper under my coffee table, then I will opt for digital.''' ,'''As for the cartoonists 'Oily' prints, they are just artists I admire. I am lucky to be friends with most of them so it was easy to contact them. Some have come to me but mainly they are just folks that I admire.''' ,'''I always wanted to write about comics and I have written little things here and there but I am not confident in my writing.''' ,'''I found a really cheap Visograph printer on Craigslist and drove down to Pennsylvania to pick it up and that really gave me a lot of freedom.''' ,'''I was really into music, but I thought, 'Comics are great, I should get back into that.'''' ,'''I dropped out of high school, and had this girlfriend, and we broke up, and it was this horrible crisis.''' ,'''I like to leave things open, and even when I write out the story ahead of time, it always changes. I don't think I would finish anything if I was sticking to a plan that was very rigid.''' ,'''Growing up my brother showed me a lot of Cohen brothers movies, I guess that's where I get my dark humor from.''' ,''''Automa' is probably my first sci-fi story. It's not hard sci-fi but more in the 'Terminator 2' vein.''' ,'''I have about 20 sketchbooks from my childhood filled with drawings, but I'd only have a page here or there where I was trying to figure out how to do comics.''' ,'''I was pretty depressed when I was a teenager. The thing that spurred that on was that my dad died from cancer when I was 11 years old.''' ,'''I didn't have a horrible life as a teenager but I was certainly depressed and had some pain in my life at that time. I've spent a lot of time thinking back on that time in my life. I think I am just fascinated by it.''' ,'''E.C. Segar, who created 'Thimble Theatre' and 'Popeye,' is one of my favorite cartoonists.''' ,'''When I'm not worrying about what other people want, that's when I do the best work.''' ,'''There are too many distractions on a computer.''' ,'''I'm hard-pressed to say that anything I do in my comics is intentional. But that is a stupid thing to say.''' ,'''I like a challenging comic as much as the next guy but I feel like I am pretty conservative when it comes to laying out my comics. I like the panels to be clear and keep any ambiguity to the story or actual reading.''' ,'''I would love to do a pay-what-you-want but that just doesn't work for physical comics so well.''' ,'''I was in my early twenties and trying to figure out what I wanted to do and comics came back in my life and I thought I really want to give it a try.''' ,'''There is no editor or agent or person with a sack of money that will magically come down and give you motivation to make your thing.''' ,'''I have so many comics laying around the house and I've never been great at keeping them organized.''' ,'''Anytime I feel like I am beginning to explain the plot or characters too much my stomach churns. I like stories that let the characters speak for themselves and don't give you all the information.''' ,'''The way I build stuff in my mind, it's sort of like a puzzle for me. I always talk about it like, when I'm writing a scene there's a certain feeling I'm trying to create. I'll have my list of scenes and it's more like feelings, these notes I want to hit.''' ,'''I like Comixology and I think they have a very captive audience which is good and bad. I hope that getting my books on there expose folks who just read Marvel/DC/Image to try something different.''' ,'''After high school I moved out and worked at pizza shops and movie theaters and moved to L.A. for a year and lived with my brother.''' ,'''I'm the kind of person who can paralyze myself very easily by over-thinking decisions.''' ,'''I feel like interviews are the only time I actually analyze my own work.''' ,'''I do love sparse cartooning.''' ,'''I'd rather be a cartoonist. I don't want to be a publisher.''' ,'''I always idealized the mainstream cartoonists and the packed schedule they worked under.''' ,'''I'm going to try to have a bonus item with each issue of 'Revenger.'''' ,'''There are lots of theories that the simpler a comic character is drawn the more relatable they become. People can imprint themselves onto the gaps in the picture. The skill of cartooning is often working out how much can be stripped away.''' ,'''I got sick of high school really quick, and I dropped out in 10th or 11th grade. I was in such a rush to grow up that I think I missed a lot of it.''' ,'''I've realized that I will probably write about teenagers and that time in people's lives - I'll probably come back to it a lot.''' ,'''I had zits on my thighs when I was a kid. I remember feeling so disgusting and grossed out by them.''' ,'''I think when I first sold digital comics it was sort of on a whim.''' ,]
+++