+++
author = "Josh Henderson"
title = "Josh Henderson Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Josh Henderson Quotes"
keywords = "josh henderson,josh henderson quotes,josh henderson quote,josh henderson sayings,josh henderson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm from Dallas, so I totally get the whole thing. I understand the history and on how big of a scale 'Dallas' was and still is.''' ,'''People ask me all the time, 'Are you fed up with reality TV?' At the end of the day, it can affect my career in the sense that the more reality shows there are, the less scripted dramas out there, but I can't ever really knock them. I started on 'Popstars,' which was a reality talent show. I have respect for them.''' ,'''I want to date someone who likes who I am as a person and not what I do for a living.''' ,'''My grandfather was one of the most amazing Baptist ministers in history, he was unbelievable. He was one of the most amazing men - the most amazing man that I ever met... He lived an amazing life.''' ,'''Original 'Dallas' fans, please come back, because it's the same show 20 years later - same drama.''' ,'''In Dallas, life is a little slower. It's a little more day-to-day routine. It's just a simpler life. At the end of the day, I love Texas girls, and I kind of relate to them.''' ,'''I like to find those shirts that they only made one of. That's my approach to style. But my vintage T-shirt collection is a little ridiculous.''' ,'''If I'm in a relationship, I'm 1,000% in it. I love doing things for them and surprising them. And that's just something I thoroughly enjoy and it gives me a lot of pleasure. I just haven't found that right girl yet.''' ,'''I'm such a foodie. If I see a pork chop, I'm eating it.''' ,'''Times have changed since 2002 when I won a spot in the group 'Popstars.' Back in the day we would get fan letters in the mail, now you can find anyone and contact people. It's incredible how fans can have a personal connection, share photos, stories.''' ,'''I kind of grew up with high goals for myself; I intended to play pro baseball. Growing up in Texas, Hollywood isn't much of a reality.''' ,'''I am a very approachable and personable person, and I always put myself last. Whether it's family or friends, I always think about them first.''' ,'''I spend up to two hours a day on correspondence. Hearing from fans on the Internet and being able to directly respond to the fan base is exciting. You can cut out the middle man like the fan club... before a recent appearance in Tyler, Texas, I had fans reaching out on MySpace offering their lake house, Mavericks tickets. It was amazing.''' ,'''I almost find it very attractive when a woman has no idea who I am.''' ,'''I was on 'Desperate Housewives' and that was my crash course on being on national television topless. Also, I do what I can in between scenes: push-ups, a little free weights. I knew going in it would be a big part of the show.''' ,'''Before we shot the pilot, I knew what 'Dallas' was, but I actually was too young to remember the details of the show. I didn't have my hands on the DVDs, so I YouTubed everything I could of J.R.''' ,'''My Meema, her favorite show was 'Dallas.' She made the family watch. She loved to hate J.R. She passed away when I was 12, and I know she's looking down on me going, 'Oh, my goodness. How are you on the show? I am so proud of you and why in the hell are you playing J.R.'s son?'''' ,'''James Franco has this interesting and relaxed look. It's pretty 'I don't care,' but it still looks good. Ryan Gosling also has amazing style. I take a lot of my fashion tips from those two. In my opinion, they're the ones getting it right.''' ,'''Hollywood is a fast-paced, competitive world.''' ,]
+++