+++
author = "Eric Trump"
title = "Eric Trump Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Eric Trump Quotes"
keywords = "eric trump,eric trump quotes,eric trump quote,eric trump sayings,eric trump saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Business, unfortunately, isn't all sunshine and lollipops.''' ,'''Turnberry is truly one of the most spectacular properties on earth. The views, the setting, and grandeur of the hotel - there's just nothing else like it. We've respected the architectural history of the hotel first and foremost, but most of all, we've respected the tradition of golf at Turnberry.''' ,'''My father would be an amazing, amazing commander in chief.''' ,'''Our father always made us work. I think that's the greatest thing a parent could ever do.''' ,'''For the Trump brand name, when we build, we want only the best buildings in the world. We travel a lot to see real estate projects worldwide, and we always study what can be done better. There's no question about it: a Trump Tower has to have the very best quality, amenities and facilities. People want that ultra-luxurious lifestyle.''' ,'''There's not a single day when I walk the streets of New York City when someone doesn't come up to me to say: 'Please, please, ask your dad to run for president.' We really need a businessman as leader of our country, not a politician.''' ,'''I've always liked sparkling wine. Rose, too.''' ,'''People think we're only into big buildings, but iconic houses have always been the real interest. We own 11 of the world's top hotels and all the support services needed to keep them running. Trump properties have to be the best - clubs, hotels, houses.''' ,'''I get a sparkle in my eye when we talk about redoing a property soup-to-nuts.''' ,'''You always have groups that want to come after the big bad developer. They don't want to see anything done. Don't disturb a blade of grass; just freeze the world in time. It validates them.''' ,'''I was at my father's office, and I'd be in the back of his office, building Lego skyscrapers, as he was negotiating million-dollar deals.''' ,'''You see these terrorists that are flying planes into buildings, right? You see our cities getting shot up in California. You see Paris getting shot up. And then somebody complains when a terrorist gets waterboarded, which quite frankly is no different than what happens on college campuses and frat houses every day.''' ,'''There's probably people that go to Harvard and say, 'Listen, I went to Harvard. I got a great education, and I can't find a job, or I didn't become the success that I could have been.' Sure, I mean, you probably have that at every major university.''' ,'''My father is an amazing guy - he's a total, total patriot... He loves America ... and he says what's on his mind... He's not like the typical politician who has to pander to everybody.''' ,'''I believe with great fortunes come great responsibility, so with our family's assets and many wealthy friends, we could help raise a lot of money to help others.''' ,'''I travel probably four days a week. That's the game of international development. You have to be at your properties. No developer is successful sitting behind their desk.''' ,'''People often talk about Hispanics. You know, I have more Hispanics come up to me telling me, 'Listen, I can't wait for your father to be president. He's gonna bring jobs back to the United States. He's gonna end the nonsense. He's gonna create good trade deals. He's gonna create better education. He's gonna create a better family structure.'''' ,'''Out of all my friends, I believe I'm the only kid whose dad made us work to cut rebars; we laid bricks in construction sites and did other real work every summer for minimum wage. Our dad said that it's important in the future that when we tell people to dig a hole, that you personally know how long it will take to dig that hole.''' ,'''If you look at us as a company, what's the one thing that's consistent? It has to be the biggest, the best, the greatest. My father, over the years, has bought some of the best mansions of the world. It's just something he loves.''' ,'''My father is my best friend. He's my idol and my boss. We work side by side and spend every weekend together.''' ,'''If you are running for the presidency of the United States, you better have a strong opinion.''' ,'''Wine is incredibly sexy.''' ,]
+++