+++
author = "Nikita Thukral"
title = "Nikita Thukral Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Nikita Thukral Quotes"
keywords = "nikita thukral,nikita thukral quotes,nikita thukral quote,nikita thukral sayings,nikita thukral saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Honestly, I realized the deeper significance of spirituality only after becoming a mother, like, for instance, the selflessness, understanding the needs of another and so forth that comes with the territory.''' ,'''I was really upset when media portrayed Sandalwood in a negative light. How could they? It's an industry I love so much.''' ,'''I will continue to act for as long as I can.''' ,'''When something bad happens, you're bound to be doubly careful.''' ,'''When I was approached for the Kannada version of the film, the makers said it would be their version of 'The Dirty Picture,' based on the life of Silk Smitha. So, I asked them for the exact story. But, I was shocked after hearing the complete story. It was neither like the Bollywood version, nor about the life of Silk Smitha.''' ,'''I am busy with other language films apart from Sandalwood.''' ,'''The Malayalam connection has always been there and finally I am trying to learn the language to be active here as well.''' ,'''I won't claim that I know it all, but I do know how much money is involved in making a Kannada movie. I've done my homework.''' ,'''I am bouncing back despite being a girl from Mumbai who didn't work for two years. A lot of others girls in the same situation would have had to walk away from the industry.''' ,'''My friends ask me why I don't chill out and take things easy. I tell them that when I used to work 326 days a year, I never had time to do anything.''' ,'''I play tennis and squash, apart from my regular workouts. With all the extra exercise, I just want to go home and sleep at the end of the day.''' ,'''I have always been into sports, right from school.''' ,'''I'm nervous that after having no releases for two years, I am going to have several in 2016. This is going to be the year of Nikita, and my 50th film will also come out this year.''' ,'''A pair of blue jeans is a must. It is the most comfortable outfit anyone can opt for.''' ,'''After all my hard work, I ventured into Bollywood with 'Traffic,' which is a remake of a Malayalam movie.''' ,'''The offers are plenty. I'm just taking time and only working on those projects that excite me.''' ,'''Every few months, I would take off to the U.S., which had people wondering why I went away so often. My trips were always to meet my spiritual guru, Maaji, who is based in the U.S. I would always come back with clear mind and sure footing.''' ,'''I think being stylish is about being you.''' ,'''Spirituality has greatly enriched me and I hope it does so to others, too.''' ,'''I've had my share of good projects with Sandalwood's top heroes.''' ,'''And in fact, the day rumors emerged about me having an affair with Darshan, I stopped interacting with him. And he has never discussed his personal life with me.''' ,'''I do hot boot camp, play tennis and do yoga three times a week.''' ,'''Kissing a new hero isn't acceptable to me, especially when it's not necessary.''' ,'''I was waiting for a good project in Malayalam. It is after a long gap that I will be seen in this industry and wanted it to be a good script.''' ,'''I love all shades of blue, but electric blue tops the list.''' ,'''Even when I was at the peak of my career, I was never in the race to be number one.''' ,'''I will take classes in Kannada and will learn to read and write it.''' ,'''My name has been cleared after being blacklisted even though it was for no fault of mine.''' ,'''I'm accompanied by my mother whenever I go to Bangalore.''' ,'''There are always ups and down in every artiste's career.''' ,'''I did Kushi Kushiga,' the remake of Chronic Bachelor;' Kalyana Ramudu,' which is the remake of Kalyanaraman;' and also Software Ganda' in Kannada, the remake of My Boss.'''' ,'''I've always watched football in Mumbai.''' ,'''Everyone has a dark cloud hovering over them at some point, but then there is sunshine.''' ,'''I remember wearing a mix of orange and yellow color salwar kameez for my first Kannada film, Maharaja.' It looked absolutely hideous and it was very embarrassing for me to sport that outfit.''' ,'''Few years ago, I was one of the busiest actresses in Sandalwood, working round the clock. I was so busy that my assistants had a tough time adjusting to my hectic schedule.''' ,]
+++