+++
author = "Princess Eugenie Of York"
title = "Princess Eugenie Of York Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Princess Eugenie Of York Quotes"
keywords = "princess eugenie of york,princess eugenie of york quotes,princess eugenie of york quote,princess eugenie of york sayings,princess eugenie of york saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am definitely not as polite as Beatrice, I have to say. I tell it as it is. I am shyer at first.''' ,'''Whenever Granny walks into a room, everyone stands up, stops, and just kind of watches her because, obviously, it's huge when she walks into a room. And I find that incredible. I kind of go, 'Ah.'''' ,'''Doing art at Marlborough, where I went to school, was really quite tough, and I knew that it wasn't the direction I wanted to go. I'd rather show art and give people the joy of seeing it.''' ,'''When I was 12, I had an operation at the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital, and they corrected the curving in my spine. I've got two 12-inch rods and eight screws going up my back keeping me straight, and they fuse together with my spine, so now I can't really live without them.''' ,'''I do have an occasional temper - I sort of inherited my dad's short fuse.''' ,'''Beatrice loves her glamorous dresses and her hair being curly or big - like Mummy's - and I hate volume. I like my hair to be sort of flat. I like just throwing on a pair of jeans and generally being more understated. She is more 'Let's do the glamour.' We're chalk and cheese.''' ,'''I did art history and English literature at Newcastle.''' ,'''How do I play the princess thing? I don't, really. I don't like talking about it much and find it annoying when people say things like, 'Oh, you're the princess.' One of my best friends jokingly says, 'Hi, Princess,' and I say, 'Shut up.' It is one of the things that bugs me most in the world.''' ,'''Without the care I received at the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital, I wouldn't look the way I do now; my back would be hunched over.''' ,'''Mummy, Bea and I call ourselves 'the Tripod' - they are my best friends in the world.''' ,'''I so want to be able to speak another language. I love the way my friends who are half Italian and half English break from one language into another without even pausing.''' ,]
+++