+++
author = "Miuccia Prada"
title = "Miuccia Prada Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Miuccia Prada Quotes"
keywords = "miuccia prada,miuccia prada quotes,miuccia prada quote,miuccia prada sayings,miuccia prada saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What people sometimes interpret as quirky is my attempt to subvert the concept of luxury by introducing elements that are considered ordinary or commonplace.''' ,'''I'm not interested in how people dress.''' ,'''I am interested in communicating with the world by selling to many people.''' ,'''Many of us grew up with a kind of puritanism against shopping. But shopping can be much more than how it is cast. If you are bored or you have problems, it can be a way of lifting your spirits, by doing something light and superficial. Why not?''' ,'''I would say there is no Prada woman. I'm interested in women in general. I don't have any kind of preference.''' ,'''For me, it's important to anticipate where fashion is heading.''' ,'''I do what I think is right.''' ,'''For me, art is about learning and about living with people. It's alive.''' ,'''When I was younger, shopping helped me discover many new places and many new things.''' ,'''You have to always work against what you did before, and even against your taste.''' ,'''My parents were truly severe.''' ,'''Usually my ideas come from what I don't want to do, or what I find is old.''' ,'''The process of a date, I think, is terrible. Horrible. Because everything is banal and predicted.''' ,'''Fashion fosters cliches of beauty, but I want to tear them apart.''' ,'''What you wear is how you present yourself to the world, especially today when human contacts go so fast. Fashion is instant language.''' ,'''Every day I'm thinking about change.''' ,'''Before I had kids, I was out every night of the week.''' ,'''One's life and passion may be elsewhere, but New York is where you prove if what you think in theory makes sense in life.''' ,'''It's horrible when people are only interested in buying labels, because it doesn't bring them the happiness they think it will.''' ,'''I have to say that my husband and my children are so tough, there really is no space for pretension.''' ,'''If you ask, do you like strong men or weak men, I'd say, I like who I like.''' ,'''Everybody knows that I don't have a muse. I'm not interested in that.''' ,'''I always loved aesthetics. Not particularly fashion, but an idea of beauty.''' ,'''I was a communist, but being left-wing was fashionable. I was no different from thousands of middle-class kids.''' ,'''The moment you start being in love with what you're doing, and thinking it's beautiful or rich, then you're in danger.''' ,'''Talking about the democratization of fashion is just one of the many trite things people say these days.''' ,'''Women often don't want to admit that they like fashion. And yet fashion enthralls everyone, from the taxi driver to the mega-intellectual. I have often asked myself why this is. I don't know the answer.''' ,'''I want to make clothes that are beautiful of course, but also clothes that are interesting and considered and intelligent and not out of place.''' ,'''I was a feminist in the Sixties, and can you imagine? The worst thing I could have done was to be in fashion. It was the most uncomfortable position.''' ,'''The only way to do something in depth is to work hard.''' ,'''Now, I'm not saying I'm fashionable, but there are sociological interests that matter to me, things that are theoretical, political, intellectual and also concerned with vanity and beauty that we all think about but that I try to mix up and translate into fashion.''' ,'''I love clothes. Maybe I can say I don't love fashion, but I love clothes completely.''' ,'''I hate the idea that you shouldn't wear something just because you're a certain age.''' ,'''I like the irony in my work.''' ,'''You want to be understood by the sophisticated few but you also have to be more loud somehow, otherwise your message doesn't go through.''' ,'''When I design and wonder what the point is, I think of someone having a bad time in their life. Maybe they are sad and they wake up and put on something I have made and it makes them feel just a bit better. So, in that sense, fashion is a little help in the life of a person. But only a little.''' ,'''Basically I'm trying to make men more sensitive and women stronger.''' ,'''Daring to wear something different takes effort.''' ,'''I don't believe that anyone is not bothered by critics. I think that everybody cares.''' ,'''What interests me most is when a work of art is no longer just an object, but also touches reality and life.''' ,'''I always wanted to be different. I always wanted to be first.''' ,'''My learning process is by eye alone; it's not at all scientific.''' ,'''I've always been shy.''' ,'''I always believe in doing new things and using new materials that I have never used or that I didn't like for a long time.''' ,'''I once tried to make lace - which has been a great obsession of women - unsexy. And I achieved it.''' ,'''In Europe the world of fashion is too conservative, very eighties.''' ,'''I wanted to try to push some freedom into the men's clothes.''' ,'''I had no fun. My family was too serious.''' ,'''I just hate talking about myself.''' ,'''Nostalgia is a very complicated subject for me. I'm attracted by nostalgia but I refuse it intellectually.''' ,]
+++