+++
author = "Omarion"
title = "Omarion Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Omarion Quotes"
keywords = "omarion,omarion quotes,omarion quote,omarion sayings,omarion saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My kids have really brought me into maturity on another level and I really appreciate them for that.''' ,'''I say what I want. I'm a man.''' ,'''Just like Michael Jackson in the Jackson 5 or Beyonce in Destiny's Child or Justin Timberlake in 'NSYNC. I just think there's something unique and special about the breakout stars in groups. I think you're able to kind of connect differently with the audience when you're used to having that support.''' ,'''I think meditation is good for the self. Having that moment with yourself and your mind is essential.''' ,'''Air Forces 1s just got that vibe when you're walking in them, it's like, this is a shoe shoe.''' ,'''The more mature you get and the more you understand about life, your picture gets clearer, the focus gets clear.''' ,'''When it comes to R&B singers, people think of soft men and technically I am not a soft man, not your typically R&B cat, so with a song like 'Ice Box' I wanted to be the voice for others.''' ,'''My mom is like super cool. I had a young mother. She had me at 16. So me and my mom's relationship is like very vibrant. Like, 'Oh mom, did you hear this song man?'''' ,'''The guys that I look up to - Marvin Gaye, Stevie Wonder - were always in touch with an emotion that is familiar to every man: the emotion of love for a woman. That's what I do.''' ,'''I've always had that personality that nothing was never good enough.''' ,'''I'm very mild-tempered. I like to think about what I do before I do it.''' ,'''Cutting my hair, I feel like I'm going to another level. Cutting my hair was a step for me. Anybody that has had hair for so long, when you're used to something, it's like reforming your life.''' ,'''I try to have five meals per day, with a few healthy snacks in between.''' ,'''I feel like when I listen to music nowadays, it's a lot of commands. It's a lot of demands. Do this dance, or feel like this. It's not like, 'how do you feel?'''' ,'''Dancing has been my life and it has been a major part of what I am today.''' ,'''I don't feel like I'm putting records out because I have to. It's just my art and I love it.''' ,'''I was a backup dancer at one point for a group that was on RCA.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of guy who says 'wow' a lot.''' ,'''As a dancer, you learn the importance of transitional moments. If you figure out what you can do next, that's how you don't get stuck.''' ,'''I'm so excited to be a judge on MTV's 'America's Best Dance Crew.' Dancing and performing is what I do and being a judge on this show will allow me to give creative feedback to the newest and hottest dancers on the rise.''' ,'''If I'm going to get it in with the sugar, if I'm going to have some cake. I always make sure I put in a hard workout after that for sure.''' ,'''In 'Reggaeton' in particular, I get the opportunity to show my range as an actor. I have scenes where I cry and a love scene. I think people may be pleasantly surprised at what they see.''' ,'''Most of the time throughout my day I like to keep it light. Go to the mall or drop by a friend's house, go talk with my family. And then after that it's studio. Studio is kind of a process. It's like an all day thing.''' ,'''If you can do a lot of pull-ups, you don't just appear to be strong. You are strong.''' ,'''Yes, I'm really inspired by people like Jay-Z and 50-Cent to develop more business savvy.''' ,'''When you have a child, you really understand what it means to love, to have something to be selfless for. I think that elevates you. It elevates your consciousnesses, your level of thinking, your art and the way you approach it - everything.''' ,'''That's the mark of a really great actor, when he can make you feel the emotion without having to search for it.''' ,'''When I was in B2K, we were just talking about love, being in love. But now I'm talking about being intimate, understanding what love really is about.''' ,'''When you become of age, you can sometimes feel like you have to force maturity. I've been lucky that I didn't feel that I had to try. Growth is something that is going to come, you just need to sit back and let it happen naturally.''' ,'''Back in the day it was like, I got a great record from a great producer and writer and it's a hit single, so let's sing it. But it's different when you're really living out your lyrics.''' ,'''I'm from L.A. I grew up in the 'hood.''' ,'''You have to go through the ups and downs to really be able to root yourself and focus on what's important.''' ,'''There's a whole bunch of other young parents that are just like me. I need to be a great example.''' ,'''Coming from B2K, I understand the importance of camaraderie.''' ,'''Thirty minutes onstage for me is literally a full day's work. So I make sure I eat right and I make sure I keep my energy high.''' ,'''Rozay is an artist himself so he understands the importance of being true to your work.''' ,'''As a dancer when you go to the club, you wanna look nice, but at the same time, you gotta get a lil' dirty, nah mean?''' ,'''There is so much that happens in the entertainment life, especially when you've been working from such a young age such as myself.''' ,'''I'm a spiritual dude, and a part of me is forgiving.''' ,'''Well let me just say, for a man, a lot of how your approach and you're dealing with women comes from your mom.''' ,'''I think in order to really create something special, it has to be built on some foundation. And I think friendship is a good foundation you could always tap back on if you don't agree. So for me, it's not dating, it's more so friendship.''' ,'''When you're dancing and stuff like that, that's a way of life.''' ,'''I'm a perfectionist and I've always been interested in growing and I think that has given me the mental fortitude to continue.''' ,'''I don't think it's about topping your last; I think it's truly about just doing your best. That's what I continue to do throughout my career.''' ,'''I recall a conversation I was having with Pharrell one time. We were in the studio talking about R&B, and he said 'You're like me, we're like each other, we think the same way.' He's one of the few people I would consider a mentor, not because I look up to him but because he's actually given me sound advice and it came from a place inside of him.''' ,'''Just knowing that I'm on Earth to give music and help people create moments in their lives that's unforgettable with my music has kept me grounded.''' ,'''If somebody has done something to disrespect you as a man, I feel like I have to protect myself.''' ,'''My music has been inspired by true events in my life.''' ,'''One day I want to be like Will Smith.''' ,'''I just want to show people I've matured, not just physically but mentally.''' ,'''Really, when you take a step back and you really know yourself, you're able to make better decisions.''' ,'''Hygiene is important. You gotta smell good. So ladies, please spray some perfume. Hair gotta be done. You gotta look nice.''' ,'''There's always a conversation about business when it comes to the entertainment industry.''' ,'''I feel negativity is not to be paid attention to.''' ,'''After having my kids, I definitely feel way more intense. I'm more clear. More sure.''' ,'''I'm always chipping away at myself, fine-tuning the music that I want to do and the influence I want to have.''' ,'''Life isn't a store where you just go in and be like 'Oh, Ima get that.' It's a process. Especially if you don't really know how to acquire certain things.''' ,'''When you think about the industry, you think about people competing. You don't think about people getting together like, 'Let's do a record. Why not?' Especially R&B.''' ,'''Maintaining a good diet is the key to having great abs.''' ,'''I just want to inspire people to be different.''' ,'''Anything can wait for a hit record. That, after all, is what everyone wants at the end of the day.''' ,'''The first lyric on 'Sex Playlist' is 'I can't believe I got her all alone.' I'm already putting myself in a situation of vulnerability because I'm excited that I'm actually about to share a moment with a woman I've been dreaming to share a moment with.''' ,'''Over the years with me maturing as an artist and as a person, I really learned to keep things in perspective.''' ,'''When I meet people, a lot of people know me from different things whether it be when I was in the group or my solo stuff or 'You Got Served' or movies, it's really interesting that that film is a part of history. That's nuts.''' ,'''When you hear Omarion, when you put it on at the right time on the right night in the right space, you're going to feel something and you're going to be inspired to move.''' ,'''I always would hear people say, 'Omarion is underrated,' or 'Omarion doesn't get the props he deserves,' and I always thought that was interesting because I have had a certain level of success.''' ,'''Even if I go to sleep late I'm still going to wake up early.''' ,'''A lot of people make music to sell music. I don't just sell music. I am essentially, I guess the word I want to use is, it's like an energetic transaction.''' ,'''I personally feel like certain topics and certain issues aren't really being conveyed the right way in music nowadays. It's all very direct and to the point without leaving anything to the imagination.''' ,'''I told my mom I wanted to buy roses for my teachers so I'm pretty sure my son'll be that way too.''' ,'''I'm completely excited and confident going into fatherhood.''' ,'''The beautiful and talented mother of my children for whom I hold the highest regard and respect, Apryl Jones, and I have mutually decided to end our relationship.''' ,'''I want somebody to hear my song and say, 'You know, man, I've been through that.'''' ,'''Anyone knows that my music isn't just centered around sex. It's thought-evoking and feeling-evoking.''' ,'''One thing that I am becoming to learn is that you've got to have patience and wait your turn in this game. I feel like I am progressing as an artist, as a writer and as a performer and I know that there will be that one moment that will change everything.''' ,'''Fatherhood is a process you can't really express.''' ,'''When I say I need a queen, I need a woman of principle and poise.''' ,'''Girls will probably - if she's a lady - never do the No. 2 around you. If they're not a lady, she might poo. You might ask her, 'What's that smell?' And she'll be like 'I don't know!' But it really might be her. Because it happens.''' ,'''I embrace who I am. I just want my child to do the same thing.''' ,'''A lot of the times, at least for men, we have a radar so to speak, and I rate a girl's personality, who she is, how outgoing she is, on the type of fun we're going to have. There are some girls where you can take them to things that are cool like the pier, and they'll actually enjoy that more than going to an expensive restaurant.''' ,'''Nowadays, independence is so promoted, it would be crazy for me to say I'd want a traditional woman who wants to stay at home.''' ,'''I just want a lady who can be themselves, it's not a cookie cutter criteria that a woman should fall under.''' ,'''A lot of people want to collaborate with people because of their level and status, but really I want to create with Beyonce just because of her skill and because of the history we have together.''' ,'''Smacking or chewing really loud and obnoxiously at dinner is a no-no. You know, if we're eating tacos, and I know we gotta use our hands, but if it gets all over your face, it's not sexy to me. That's not a good look.''' ,'''If you listen to 'Electric,' 'Entourage,' and 'Been With A Star,' all those records are records that I dug into the crates for to help me create that feeling of old funk. No one makes records like that anymore.''' ,'''My mom is fully supportive of me, and she's just like every other mother.''' ,'''I've never done a lot of collaborations. Truthfully, artists most of the time are so busy, they never get a chance to get in the studio and be personal with a record.''' ,'''You just have to know yourself well enough to know what's important. And when you do that, things just don't get in your way. You don't allow them to.''' ,'''Flying private is cool, but the tour bus is like a home that you can decorate.''' ,'''I'm a big brother, I'm the first of four.''' ,'''Unfortunately when you are a child prodigy there's very few that have made the transition into manhood. That's why I thank God for a full beard.''' ,'''The set of 'You Got Served' was like a dancer's dream.''' ,'''I work out at least three to five days a week, mostly running and heavy weights.''' ,'''To show a different side on 'Love & Hip Hop' and bring some validity to it and not just be ratchet, messy or whatever the case may be, it was cool to be that guy, not just from a fan standpoint but an artist standpoint.''' ,'''When I became a father, I think that my understanding of what love was and my connection to that emotion shifted. I saw my children being born and recognizing what they call a miracle.''' ,'''My whole thing with parenting, even though this is my first time, I want to just put five or six objects on the floor - a trumpet, a piano, some dancing or a computer or whatever it is, and just see what he picks up.''' ,'''Los Angeles is a melting pot for all different cultures and creativity. It's really a ground to cultivate artists.''' ,'''I truly think that's what music is about. It's not about what you look like or what happened yesterday; it's truly about how the music speaks to you.''' ,''''All That' was fire but I don't really remember a lot of episodes.''' ,'''I like the biblical way of being in a relationship which is head shipment, I'm not saying that a man should run over a woman, but a man should have his role and a woman have her role.''' ,]
+++