+++
author = "Krystle D'Souza"
title = "Krystle D'Souza Quotes"
quotes_len = "52"
description = "the best 52 Krystle D'Souza Quotes"
keywords = "krystle d'souza,krystle d'souza quotes,krystle d'souza quote,krystle d'souza sayings,krystle d'souza saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love shopping! I look for new shopping portals. I keep buying a lot of stuff online. I don't follow any one person per se, but if I feel that the particular wear will look good on me, I pick it up without thinking.''' ,'''It's nice to know that people are so interested in my life. But I have never shared anything with the media. I like to keep quiet.''' ,'''If someone decides to go ahead with a project that I had rejected earlier, and it works out well for him or her, there is no point in feeling bad.''' ,'''When I was approached to do a digital show where I will be giving away hair and make-up tips, I instantly got excited because that is something I like to do.''' ,'''When I'm alone, I silently talk to God. Also, at the end of the day, I have conversations with Jesus, where I just talk about my day, my actions and give thanks for the blessings I have received. I do this, as I believe I have a friend in Him.''' ,'''Being an actor, I have to blow-dry, colour, and use all sorts of products on my hair. The best-ever 'Pantene Total Damage Care' range takes care of the damage from the core. The shampoo and conditioner both have been life savers for me and have saved my hair from all the damage it goes through due to the daily styling.''' ,'''The best part is, I can speak Hindi fluently. Earlier, I would cringe at the idea of delivering even a one-line dialogue in the language, but now, I can mouth a five-page monologue without blinking. My diction has improved, which has enhanced my performance.''' ,'''I have always loved fashion, trends, style, make-up and hair, but yes, some sort of a transformation truly happens when I play a 'bahu'. That's when I have to wear brown lenses to cover my green eyes, colour my hair dark, wear saris, and surprise myself that I can pull this off, too.''' ,'''I would say my legs would be my strength. I think I have the perfect legs.''' ,'''Who doesn't wants to be seen on the big screen? But that doesn't mean I will be a part of any project. TV has given me recognition, and I need to live up to the expectation of my audience.''' ,'''One need not spend too much of time and money to look beautiful.''' ,'''I believe in doing yoga and do Vajrasana for 20 minutes after every meal. I also do cardio exercise to lose fat.''' ,'''My fans have been supportive. Their love has pushed me to do better in life.''' ,'''I have a glass of hot water with honey and lime in it right after I wake up. I eat in small quantities every two hours and make it a point not to eat anything after 8 P.M. in the evening.''' ,'''It gets monotonous for an actor to repeat roles.''' ,'''I believe opportunity doesn't knock twice!''' ,'''Being the youngest ensures I'm the most pampered one of the lot!''' ,'''I oil my hair once a week with warm coconut and almond oil and wash it after an hour of application. The days I don't shoot, I make sure I don't even blow dry my hair after a shower. I also use heat protecting serums and leave-in serums before styling.''' ,'''Whenever I have any beauty doubts, I always look up the Internet for solutions and remedies!''' ,'''Sexiness is in what you cover, not what you show. When you are covered, you leave a lot to people's imagination. People see the mystery in my eyes and find it sexy.''' ,'''Many actors are not willing to wait and take the risk. They get restless sitting at home and, eventually, take up anything that comes their way. It's not that I wasn't offered supernatural shows and love stories again, but I chose to wait for the right opportunity. I deserve variety, or I will feel stagnant.''' ,'''I was tired of the same saas-bahu family dramas that I was being offered, so I took a long break.''' ,'''I strongly believe in God. I go to church every Sunday, and if I happen to miss it, then I make up for the loss by going for it during the week. Whenever I spend time in the church, my mind is at peace.''' ,'''Supernatural characters allow actors to experiment. The role isn't restricted to standing in the kitchen and crying. I love doing that, too. But I have done enough of that.''' ,'''I don't want to take up a project for the sake of it. I want to work and follow my passion, and not anything else.''' ,'''Every day, I have a parcel waiting for me at home because I have shopped something, as I have physically stopped going to places to shop. I don't shop from malls because the stuff there is very common. I like to be unique and different.''' ,'''I feel that if I am uncomfortable, it will show on my face.''' ,'''Call it a coincidence, but my mother used to feel that I bear some resemblance to Poonam Dhillon.''' ,'''The child in me wanted to try out new things and do something different.''' ,'''I don't think every relationship needs to be defined.''' ,'''As a person, I love dressing up. I wear make-up when I am meeting a friend or going for a meeting or even when I am out for a coffee for that matter.''' ,'''No matter how much you make the world a part of your life through social media, it's never enough. They all want more, and I truly understand why. It's their never-ending love for me that wants to know every detail of my life possible.''' ,'''For my character, I mostly shot in the jungles and also did stunts and fight sequences on the harness. At the end of the day, I used to be hurt and bruised, but I completely enjoyed doing all these.''' ,'''About my love life, I would like to say I am single till I have a ring on the right finger and a wedding date.''' ,'''When I do a film, I want people to be spellbound by it.''' ,'''I didn't even know how to speak Hindi or act. I didn't think about fame and money. I didn't talk about money with the producers, as I was a minor. My parents handled that part. But I am from a family where money was never an issue.''' ,'''In a regular soap, you do the routine stuff, but in a supernatural show, there are so much more to do and learn.''' ,'''When I don't feel like getting ready, just a pop of colour on the lips does the trick for me. I have this fond liking for RUBY WOO from Mac. It's a Matte red colour and makes all the difference.''' ,'''I don't think I look great. I only see flaws in myself on the small screen. I make an extra effort to look good.''' ,'''When you are constantly around other professionals, you end up learning and growing.''' ,'''I have groomed myself over the years. When I started, I had skin problems, and had no idea what look suited me. I have put in a lot of efforts and worked hard on every aspect.''' ,'''My family is extremely supportive of me. My mother has been accompanying me to the shoots, and my father used to drive me around for auditions.''' ,'''Eating at regular intervals in small amounts and not starving yourself is the key to maintaining your figures.''' ,'''I think fantasy thrillers excite audiences as, inherently, people have a fascination for the unknown and the unexplained.''' ,'''I am not really superstitious but do follow certain established norms.''' ,'''I don't recite prayers as a blanket rule, but having said that, I do believe that prayers like The Our Father and Hail Mary are powerful prayers.''' ,'''I'm not superstitious. But my mother doesn't allow me to cut my nails after dark. Earlier, I used to wear a scapular from Potta around my neck, given to me by a family member. But during my shoots, it's not possible, so I tie it on my right wrist for protection.''' ,'''When I started out, I had no idea what I was doing. I was 16, and acting was a new, exciting thing. So, I took it on. It was an excuse to get away from college.''' ,'''I want to do good work and not take on any movie. I want to do a good movie where I have the most important or very good role.''' ,'''I am very clear about keeping my professional and personal lives separate. I don't want to talk about certain things, and that's the way I am.''' ,'''I am very interested in behind the scenes, and I am very creative.''' ,'''When I work, I work non-stop and so hard that I barely get time to see anything but the set and home. So whenever I am done with one show, I go into my globetrotter mode and just pick a place and disappear for a while.''' ,]
+++