+++
author = "Geeta Phogat"
title = "Geeta Phogat Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Geeta Phogat Quotes"
keywords = "geeta phogat,geeta phogat quotes,geeta phogat quote,geeta phogat sayings,geeta phogat saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Inner strength is very important.''' ,'''If Sakshi can be successful in her field, so can any other woman in our country.''' ,'''Yes, Indian wrestling has improved since foreign coaches came in because the skills and techniques they have is new to us.''' ,'''I was scared of water, so I learnt swimming.''' ,'''I come from a wrestling background - my father and grandfather were into wrestling.''' ,'''We had to go to bed by 8 P.M. My siblings and I would often play cards under the bed-sheets. But we would get caught and then were made to practise harder. My father would say, 'You need to work even more if you aren't tired enough to go to sleep.'''' ,'''Sushil is an experienced player, a big player.''' ,'''We became quite famous in our district. People came especially to watch us. And I used to love it when we heard them saying, 'There go the girls who beat boys.'''' ,'''I believe that if I can qualify for the Olympics, I have the skills to compete at the highest level and do good for my country.''' ,'''I have seen my father defying societal norms and investing his time and energy on us. He was ridiculed and criticised by the community for asking girls to seek a career in wrestling. But he had vision and was least worried when elders warned him his daughters would not find grooms. I had to wrestle for him and that motivated me tremendously.''' ,'''Wrestling will always be my top priority.''' ,'''We are proud to be role models.''' ,'''We did not had enough facilities in the village. My family was also not well off. There was no mat, no gym; we used to wrestle in the mud. It was very different from the national camps where I trained before the Commonwealth Games.''' ,'''The media attention does not bother me. I am very happy that the media is at least interested in sports other than cricket.''' ,'''My father, once he has decided on something, doesn't care about what anyone else thinks. All the men in our family swore at him for training us. His parents said he was mad. But he didn't listen.''' ,'''It's important for parents to be strict if you want the kids to succeed.''' ,'''For an athlete, the country is everything.''' ,'''If you are not strong from inside you can never look beautiful from outside.''' ,'''I think if we are at a war with an enemy country, that country is responsible for our soldiers' deaths.''' ,'''There was no roof where we trained, so it used to get very hot during the day and the mud used to feel very cold during the evening.''' ,'''Fitness for us on match day is paramount.''' ,'''Honestly, I have not done any preparation for 'Khatron ka Khiladi.'''' ,'''I want to focus on my training and leave no room for distraction. So, reality-tv shows are a no-no.''' ,'''Our akhara was very basic. It was just a little opening next to where the animals were tied. We had to first dig the soil with our bare hands, make it loose, before we could begin our session. I used to hate it. It also used to be either too hot or too cold. There were no mats, no mattresses, nothing.''' ,'''In my village, girls have limited opportunities. If they get admission in a college, only a few households would allow them to go for further studies.''' ,'''The coaches boosts our confidence when we lose. They remind us that we have done it once before and we can do it again.''' ,'''I want to tell the students to follow their heart and respect their parents and teachers as they are their ultimate gurus.''' ,'''My first gold was in the 2002 cadet national. I realized I was good enough even outside my village and my district.''' ,'''There were so many times when I felt like running away from the akhada. But now that we are bearing the fruits of all the hard work, we understand its value.''' ,'''I wear jeans and shorts. I travelled on my own to Mumbai for my knee surgery. I can go to Delhi when I want. Being a sportsperson helps me get away from the bhed bhav of Haryana.''' ,'''My father gave us inner confidence. He taught us, as young girls, never to be scared.''' ,'''Dangal' movie has been made on our lives in which two daughters win a medal for the country. It just shows that the times are changing and people's attitudes are changing and if it is changing because of us then we are very happy about it.''' ,'''If all girls turn strong within themselves, men with bad intentions can be taught apt lessons.''' ,'''It is extremely difficult to get a medal at the World Championships, even more than the Olympics. And when one is not 100 per cent prepared, it is next to impossible to win a medal there.''' ,'''I come from a village where traditionally girls don't go out and play sport so I struggled a lot to come this far and to get to this position where I am at the Olympics.''' ,'''Usually, it is the men who are given importance. But now, people view women wrestlers as equals.''' ,'''I want to settle down and start an academy in a rural area, because I feel that's where most champions come from. If you have everything in life, why would you wake up at 3:30 A.M. to train? I feel there's a lot of talent that goes untapped there, especially in women sports.''' ,'''My father was a disciplinarian. He had this cane and he would spare no one if found at fault. Unlike Babita, I was not physically strong and couldn't cope with the training. So I got the most beatings.''' ,'''I have faith in myself.''' ,'''The contribution of my dad towards women's wrestling in Haryana is immense and his vision and determination have shaped several young careers.''' ,'''No sport is easy, if you spend time away it will be difficult to make a comeback.''' ,'''Young girls in Haryana should speak their mind and not be afraid to challenge the system.''' ,'''Visiting Spain does not excite me as much as making my parents proud does.''' ,'''Yes, I have watched 'Dangal.' Fatima has done a brilliant job.''' ,'''All young wrestlers would love to see their game back in Olympics.''' ,'''I hope Indian parents will allow girls to choose their own destiny.''' ,'''Isn't it wrong to target and brand an entire state in a poor light?''' ,'''Wrestlers from Japan and Canada are very tough.''' ,'''Seeing my name in the newspapers after winning the national junior championship motivated me to win more medals and I have never looked back since then.''' ,'''Politicians should talk about sportspersons and sports, and it should surely be in the agenda when they go out asking for votes.''' ,'''Wrestling is different from other sports. It is not just about physical strength. It is more of a mind game as during matches we have to read the mind of opponents and outwit them.''' ,'''Sometimes it boils down to a move or two and that makes all the difference.''' ,'''I will be even more strict than my dad, because look at me, I turned out fine.''' ,'''We used to wear a track suit and T-shirt while training. But that did not go down well with the villagers, because women are usually supposed to wear salwar kameez.''' ,'''Film as a medium has a power that sports like wrestling lack.''' ,'''It is a very proud moment for our entire family that a movie has been made on our lives and we have taken a small village of Haryana to Hollywood.''' ,'''Dangal has changed our lives.''' ,'''We have won laurels for the country in wrestling but still, in spite of winning medals, not many people recognised us.''' ,'''I used to watch Babita and Vinesh win medals. I was happy for my sisters but at the same time I felt bad for not being a part of the contingent.''' ,'''I've seen the success of Mary Kom at the Olympics... We stayed in the same flat. If she can win a medal after being the mother of two, why can't I?''' ,'''Colorado Springs is a very good place to train ahead of the Olympics. We get to compete with different partners, learn different movements, we also get to improve upon our speed, which is very essential.''' ,'''One never knows how a bout is going to pan out and even in last 2-3 seconds things can change.''' ,'''Even if someone offers me junk food, I won't eat it.''' ,'''Now my grandmother, who used to want sons, says that she does not really want boys anymore. She says I'm the lion of the family.''' ,'''Before Babita and my win at the CommonWealth Games, nobody used to take Indian women wrestlers seriously.''' ,'''In our village women are left to clean the house and milk the cattle so when I first entered the ring, I had to hear the criticism of people.''' ,'''I feel that Indian women are too frightened. They all say, 'I can't do this, I can't do that.' Worse, their families don't support them.''' ,'''We have regularly won medals at all tournaments and I think after 'Dangal,' the craze for wrestling increased among the girls.''' ,'''We need to trust our coaches. Unless we trust them we can't get the result.''' ,'''We see the worth and appreciate the discipline my father inculcated in us.''' ,'''Our parents faced more hardship than us. They didn't stop us from training despite hearing the taunts from the people in the village. We were fortunate to have parents like them.''' ,'''Those who used to ask my father to be ashamed of himself for training us in wrestling now say they wish they have daughters like me.''' ,'''You should concentrate on the segregation of waste, especially kitchen waste. Only after segregation the waste becomes useful and it can be recycled.''' ,'''Everyone should be allowed to participate in sport, because it helps you to become more confident. That is important for women in India, because we are not always treated as equals.''' ,'''Thanks to my training in Balali village, I am rough and tough.''' ,'''There is so much discrimination towards women in Haryana.''' ,'''Till the time my body supports me and till the time I have that desire inside me to succeed, till then I will keep wrestling.''' ,'''It's about hard work and not gender.''' ,'''Women sportspersons like Krishna Poonia and Seema Antil are role models for Haryanvi women.''' ,'''It was my father's passion actually. I had never wished to become a wrestler. I was 12 when my father initiated me into this sport. Gradually, I started liking it and then it became my passion too.''' ,'''There are a mix of good and bad people everywhere, be it Punjab, Delhi or Haryana.''' ,'''My only aim is to win an Olympic medal.''' ,'''World Championships is the toughest competition in the world.''' ,'''Don't just set a goal for your child but ensure that they play outdoor sports for overall development.''' ,'''I am very happy that Indian women are making their mark in sports be is Sakshi Malik or even PV Sindhu who also won a medal for the country. We talk about women empowerment and there cannot be any bigger example than this.''' ,'''Things are not going to change until Indian women, and their parents, stop being afraid of what society will say. This is the single biggest obstacle. The fear of what people will say and how this will shame their parents means that women are paralysed.''' ,'''You need a little bit of experience to do well in the Olympics.''' ,'''It's not easy to juggle between studies and sports but yes, if you are clear about your goals and have passion, you can definitely succeed.''' ,'''I am fully prepared to fight with any opponent in my category from any team.''' ,'''In real life I have conquered my worst fears by fighting and beating bigger wrestlers in dangal. So I am not afraid of anything.''' ,'''My father always told my sisters and me that once you succeed, people will automatically be quiet. And he was right.''' ,'''When Aamir Khan was in Haryana, we met him and he was very respectful to my parents.''' ,'''The problem of burgeoning population can be addressed if we begin with women itself. And, we need to educate them and spread awareness about birth control and family planning through TV channels and newspapers.''' ,'''We had a very hard training during our childhood and I don't want to live it again.''' ,'''Everybody at the Olympics are almost at level par.''' ,'''After our life history was shown on the silver screen and much appreciated by the audiences, I have more of a responsibility on my shoulders now.''' ,'''Even my grandmother would tell me that girls should not wrestle, it's a man's game.''' ,'''I have overcome most of my fears.''' ,'''I think staying away from wrestling for two years with injury and the movie, I lost my focus.''' ,'''After I stop wrestling, my dream is to open a wrestling academy, train students and produce more Geetas and Babitas!''' ,]
+++