+++
author = "Anna Netrebko"
title = "Anna Netrebko Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Anna Netrebko Quotes"
keywords = "anna netrebko,anna netrebko quotes,anna netrebko quote,anna netrebko sayings,anna netrebko saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Opera is an exclusive art form, so it cannot be that popular. I just do what I love to do.''' ,'''When you're singing before 15,000 people at a summer concert outside, you need to look beautiful, because that's what people want.''' ,'''I do not have voice for Russian music; I cannot be cute little peasant like in operas of Glinka or Rimsky-Korsakov. I am now never in Russia; I am Austrian citizen. But definitely I am Latin!''' ,'''I know what I'm missing. I know what I have to work on. Coloratura. And I sing sharp sometimes. It happens when I'm nervous.''' ,'''I have an intuition, and usually my intuition is right. I have a feeling for whether a role will be good or bad for me, and I almost never make a mistake.''' ,'''When I just started my career, of course, I always try to look very good, and I changes the dress all the time on the performance. And people came to me and said, 'Oh, beautiful dress. Your dress is so beautiful, and you look so beautiful.' That's it. And I was so upset nobody saying anything about my singing.''' ,'''I prefer it when the conductor follows me. It is more difficult to work with a conductor who does not listen - even if I understand that sometimes it makes sense when one person is ruling everything. But for bel canto, I have to have a conductor who listens and supports me.''' ,'''I know what I want, and I know what needs to be done to make my performance better. So I do these little askings, about the lights and costumes. It's not the diva speaking. It's the artist who knows how it has to be done.''' ,'''Lots of opera singers are just boring.''' ,'''After the baby, I got bigger, and I like it. I like me better now than when I was young and skinny. I don't understand this extreme fashion for being anorexic-skinny. We forgot about women with curves - real women. We're not embracing that anymore.''' ,'''I have to be more modest now that I'm a mama, but I loved those days when I could really wear what I wanted to. I do love crazy shoes and clothes. But I mean, come on, I'm 38, so even if I like a dress of Betsey Johnson, I have to say, 'Stop it. Go for Chanel!'''' ,'''When I am on stage, I give everything. Maybe because of that, I won't last long, but I don't care.''' ,'''In Russia, I pretend to be a lot of princesses and wait for prince. That was my dream.''' ,'''Nobody ever looked at me in Krasnodar. I'm not in the taste of the men there at all.''' ,'''As a soprano who sings 'Lucia di Lammermoor,' I have the high notes and the trills. No problems there. But going into the low registers is lots of work.''' ,'''I am still working on developing my voice. I am, I know, better as a coloratura singer than I was. It's a matter of strong breath control and yet making it sound as though it is the easiest thing in the world.''' ,'''You will not see me dressed in plain, modest outfits.''' ,'''When I started, my teachers told me that I had to sing 'Mozart, Mozart, Mozart.' I said, 'No, I want to sing all the other stuff.' If you do not push yourself, you will stay the same. Maybe some singers are happy with that, but I have to move, I have to do something new always.''' ,'''Maybe because I'm a nice and sweet person in life, I like the darker roles. The really dark one is Lady Macbeth.''' ,'''Applause, it's very nice, of course. But when you're giving, and creating, and then there is the silence of everyone sitting there, listening, waiting, that is great.''' ,'''When I am not on the stage, it is always very difficult for the public to find me! I am a private person who does not always want to be in the spotlight!''' ,'''If you ask me about vocal technique, I don't know anything. I could never be a teacher. I just know what my teacher told me: 'Always sing with a full voice. When they tell you, less sound, more piano - no.'''' ,'''For me, St. Petersburg is the city that I can never escape because it has this special energy, even a dark energy. It keeps pulling me back.''' ,'''You should not starve yourself with stupid diets, which I don't believe in anyway.''' ,'''I prefer department stores. In boutiques, they come up and ask you if you need help. I can't get lost in the experience.''' ,'''Life is not just about singing.''' ,'''I have no desire to become a crossover artiste, singing with microphones. I believe in opera; that it is something that young people would love if they had a chance to hear it.''' ,'''There are two types of conductors. One is the good conductor who can do passionate music but also listen to the singers and do the orchestra. And then there are great conductors, who have their own opinion on the music, who are ruling everything - and not listening much to the singers, but the orchestra play amazingly.''' ,'''The jewellery I wear on stage in the opera house is not real, but the bling-bling I wear in concerts? Those are real!''' ,'''I'm just a normal person. It's not like I come home and think about opera. My thoughts are about completely other things. Shoes! Dresses! Expensive ones: with a pretty silhouette, beautiful fabrics.''' ,'''The role I really want to sing is Elisabetta from 'Don Carlo.'''' ,]
+++