+++
author = "Nicky Hilton"
title = "Nicky Hilton Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Nicky Hilton Quotes"
keywords = "nicky hilton,nicky hilton quotes,nicky hilton quote,nicky hilton sayings,nicky hilton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My fashion philosophy is that if I like it, I wear it.''' ,'''I interned at 'Hamptons' magazine. I was 12. I walked around with a pad and was like, 'What do you guys want for lunch?' to all the people who worked there.''' ,'''When I was a kid I had this funny blonde hair and everyone called me 'Chick' because I looked like Tweety Bird.''' ,'''I'm following my dreams and doing what I love as a designer. I did not want to be one of those kids with a famous last name that doesn't do anything. That is very unfulfilling to me and I'm very happy.''' ,'''These are clothes my friends and I could wear. This ain't Prada. I don't want to be one of those celebrities that slaps their name on a label and collects royalty checks. Everything on that runway reflects me.''' ,'''When I signed the license, I thought the media wasn't going to pick up on it if I used my real name, Nicholai Hilton.''' ,'''I'm not a snob about which looks are 'this season' and which are 'last season.'''' ,'''My fashion philosophy is that if I like it, I wear it. I'm not a snob about which looks are 'this season' and which are 'last season.'''' ,'''I could have just received royalty checks every month by lending my name to a collection, but I didn't want to do that. My name is a reflection of me.''' ,'''I love online gambling.''' ,'''Ever since I was a little girl, I wanted Valentino to design my wedding dress. Valentino is the definition of timeless elegance. I don't think there's another couture house like it.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a teacher.''' ,'''I love Grace Kelly. She can do no wrong.''' ,'''I got in trouble in Catholic school for rolling the waist of my skirt down.''' ,'''At night when I can't sleep, I play blackjack online until I get tired or I lose my money.''' ,]
+++