+++
author = "Vanessa Lachey"
title = "Vanessa Lachey Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Vanessa Lachey Quotes"
keywords = "vanessa lachey,vanessa lachey quotes,vanessa lachey quote,vanessa lachey sayings,vanessa lachey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Trust is the most important part of a relationship, closely followed by communication. I think that if you have those two things, everything else falls into place - your affection, your emotional connection.''' ,'''Everything that went on in my life... it was super important for me to have Camden first. And by that I mean my son and to have that relationship with my son to give me that quiet confidence that I needed as a mother and as a woman. Now with Brooklyn, I am just so at ease; I am so comfortable.''' ,'''My favorite role is mommy. I know that sounds cheesy to people who don't have kids, or there are even some moms who think it's cheesy. It's a role you can't prepare for; it's a role you don't get paid to do, but it is the most rewarding role, and to me, it's been the most fulfilling.''' ,'''I hear the Sophie Giraffe is great for teething. Another thing I really love right now is the Moby Baby Carrier. To me, it seems like a natural way to hold the baby close to you. I also love the burp cloths, bibs, and swaddle blankets from Aden and Anais. Their stuff is organic and pure.''' ,'''What I love about Popsicle and the moments I can be with Camden is that their whole philosophy is family and these moments that it can create to just sit with my son, read a comic book or go outside on a hot day, take a swim and have a Popsicle treat with him.''' ,'''I gained, I think, 65 pounds when I was pregnant. And I will say to moms out there, 'Don't stress about losing it. It will happen when it happens.'''' ,'''Spanx are amazing. Thank you to the inventor of that.''' ,'''I do a lot of damage to my hair every day because of my work. I just noticed this huge change. It started getting thinner and it started falling out. I hit 30, and I literally felt like I was balding!''' ,'''I feel like the word 'mom' and 'supermom' should be synonymous. When you are a mom, you are a superhero.''' ,'''I think there should be a good balance between being a good student and being able to enjoy your high school life.''' ,'''I am an Air Force brat - that's the terminology they use for military kids who are traveling constantly.''' ,'''With social media, people share mostly their best moments. Don't feel like you're not doing enough when you see a mom posting about making applesauce after you bought it. Ha ha! It's fine! Just for raising a little human being, you should be commended.''' ,'''I didn't grow up with a mother, so I don't have that resource to rely on and ask a million questions.''' ,'''I went to eight different schools my first nine years of school.''' ,'''With acting, when you're reading a script, you're regurgitating someone else's words. There's a whole part of your brain that's off duty.''' ,'''When I became a mother of two, I decided to work with brands that remind me of family because they're my No. 1 priority. Now I'm partnering with Puffs to encourage people to get out and not hibernate inside. People should enjoy the holiday season, and if you do have a runny nose or the sniffles, Puffs is there to take care of your symptoms.''' ,'''The best advice I get is actually from my family and friends. That has been a huge resource I've come to rely on.''' ,'''Without a doubt, priority No. 1 is always my family. Whether it's my children or my husband or even my girlfriends who are also my family, I put them first no matter what. And it makes it easy to then juggle everything else because it's never a question.''' ,'''It's a comforting thought to know that I've got my partner by my side walking through life and all the ups and the downs. I know we can handle it. There's nothing too big or too crazy that's going to tear us apart.''' ,'''Well, the thing about my high school, which I loved, is that we had uniforms. But whenever we had a free dress day, it was prep-ville, with sweater vests and polo shirts and khakis and Dockers.''' ,'''It's funny because everyone says you sleep when baby sleeps or you take a nap when baby takes a nap. That's true when you have one. When you have two, that is not true.''' ,'''For me, the love really flowed when I found out the baby was a boy. That's when I could finally bond, once I knew 'it' was a him.''' ,'''We love Popsicle in our house. Nick could probably down a whole box in one sitting; he's obsessed with the sugar free box, and I'm just obsessed with the classic.''' ,'''I love seeing my husband hold our daughter and just give her kisses, unsolicited kisses. When he doesn't know that I'm watching or when I come into the room and I look over and he's just kissing her forehead or kissing her cheek. He loves her so much, and I love his love for her.''' ,'''I think as I've gotten older, I've learned to look at life and take every day as it comes.''' ,'''The thing about my high school, which I loved, is that we had uniforms. But whenever we had a free dress day, it was prep-ville, with sweater vests and polo shirts and khakis and Dockers.''' ,'''If you establish a routine for your child, then your routine can be more manageable.''' ,]
+++