+++
author = "Tess Daly"
title = "Tess Daly Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Tess Daly Quotes"
keywords = "tess daly,tess daly quotes,tess daly quote,tess daly sayings,tess daly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''And if my 10-year-old is Googling or looking on YouTube then she's got to do it in a room where we're present. We've put all the child safety settings in place, but you still can't predict what might turn up on a YouTube or Google search.''' ,'''All of my relationships with women are empowering.''' ,'''I had no sympathy with my mum and dad.''' ,'''My mum's really the only person who still calls me Helen, and that's not often. She tends to call me 'love,' so when she does say 'Helen' it can take me a while to respond.''' ,'''Gut health is everything, it's the second brain, where many of our hormones are produced.''' ,'''Let's say I try to ignore the small stuff, like wet towels on the floor, the dishwasher full to the brim and not turned on. You know what men are like, they'll never rise to our standards of excellence. But when they try, that's enough!''' ,'''Even when someone fails, there's never an underlying nastiness or cruelty. We're an affectionate show and we're not poking fun at anyone. Strictly' is feel-good television at its finest.''' ,'''I eat chocolate and I love sweet treats.''' ,'''My father-in-law's a truck driver and he said black cars are not very visible. I don't drive them any more.''' ,'''I love those moments - the homework, the school run, when I get to chat to other mums. That's real life.''' ,'''Life is a mirror and you get back what you give out.''' ,'''With my physical self I refuse to beat myself up about things I can't change.''' ,'''Topshop shoes are great. And always very comfortable.''' ,'''I haven't tried my favorite dance - the Argentine tango - with Vernon yet. I'm sure there would be a lot of toe stamping going on!''' ,'''I love my girls more than anything else in the world.''' ,'''As far as Vern and I go, we have had situations where people have tried to take photographs of me and cut Vernon out or vice versa in an attempt to create a scandal. But we just try and live our lives and ignore it.''' ,'''We don't have phones at the dinner table.''' ,'''I didn't go abroad until I was 16.''' ,'''I had people telling me I was too big then telling me I was too thin - sometimes the same people. I learned that you couldn't win, so you can't change yourself to fit someone else's view of you.''' ,'''I grew up with the norm being three meals a day. You wouldn't dream of skipping a meal.''' ,'''I'd worked in TV for a number of years before Strictly,' doing kids' telly and a couple of Saturday-night shows, but nothing on that scale.''' ,'''I do yoga most mornings first thing when I have a little bit of time to myself, before the kids get up.''' ,'''I'm the sort of person that just believes in getting on and making the most of the opportunity you've been given, you know: buckle down, work hard and hopefully you'll prove your worth.''' ,'''I don't want to pump myself full of collagen. That's not what I'm about.''' ,'''There's this expectation of glamour. Unlike men who can wear suits and nonchalantly stroll on in a flat loafer, I've got to run across the studio floor live in a high heel and a tight frock.''' ,'''We try not to flaunt our family too much. I know it works for some people, but while our children are small I want them to grow up quietly and normally.''' ,'''Sometimes I'll do five minutes of skipping at the start of the day - one minute on and one minute off, and it's great, it really wakes up the system.''' ,'''So many times I've gone flying. I've fallen in audience members' laps, I've fallen down the stairs, I've had a shoe fall off live.''' ,'''I did want to tone up my arms. Mine have always been lean but I've never had any muscle tone with it because I never exercised.''' ,'''If someone's in tears or they're leaving the show, it's hard not being able to physically reach out. But Strictly' is such a celebratory, feel-good show, full of warmth and sparkle and joy, I felt lucky to be a part of something that people were appreciating on a whole other level because they were stuck at home.''' ,'''You can skip inside if the weather is bad, it's an all-weather exercise that really gets your circulation going, it wakes you up, and it keeps you trim.''' ,'''I do Yoga with Adriene' online, on YouTube. It's awesome - and it's free!''' ,'''I try to prep a lot of things in advance and be organized, whether that's meals, school runs, homework plans, plenty of GCSE revision.''' ,'''If I'm not driving my children somewhere, I'm cooking for them.''' ,'''Some of my friends laugh at me and tell me I'm far too working-class about my childcare, but I refuse to have a nanny.''' ,'''We're soulmates, me and Vernon.''' ,''''The Naked Civil Servant' by Quentin Crisp. I was so intrigued by the man, I hunted him down when I moved to New York. My first interview was with him. I filmed our conversation and it got me my first job in television.''' ,'''I worry about everyone - about old people, people who haven't been able to see their families, about the economy and our children's futures. The worries are endless.''' ,'''I broke my nose playing netball aged 15. I've hated my profile ever since.''' ,'''I start the day with porridge, blueberries and maple syrup, or I'll puree some mango and throw in some banana slices, then sprinkle some granola and flaxseed on top.''' ,'''A microphone pack once fell down my knickers and nearly pulled my pants down.''' ,'''I don't usually show a lot of cleavage, it's not in my comfort zone.''' ,'''I just don't want to hand over responsibility for my kids to somebody else. Doesn't matter how good they are.''' ,'''Being married to a fellow northerner helps - he's got to keep it real or his mum would soon slap him into place.''' ,'''If I was sugar-free, I'd be psycho.''' ,'''You know what men are like, they never really grow up, do they? Do they ever catch us up mentally? I don't think so.''' ,'''I can't obsess, I can't become somebody who grows old disgracefully, I'm not one of those people that tries to pin back the hands of time.''' ,'''I'm a touchy-feely person so I can't bear not hugging. It makes me want to cry.''' ,'''I try not to dwell on the negatives.''' ,'''I bite my split ends off in the car, which is gross. It's disgusting. I've probably got a fur ball in my stomach the size of a tennis ball.''' ,'''If I eat refined carbs or foods that have the potential to bloat, I notice the baby pouch again.''' ,'''We've got a little trampoline at home outside, and that's great for getting your lymphatic system moving and for your circulation.''' ,'''I mean, obviously, this is a business that favors men as hosts without a doubt and they're often paid more for the same job so I guess you could call that sexism but, personally, I haven't come across it yet.''' ,'''I'd hate to have a spoilt brat - I'd think I hadn't done my job properly.''' ,'''I have always considered myself a very resilient person, I come from very down-to-earth Northern stock, pragmatic by nature and with that bounce-back-ability.''' ,'''Every time we visit my sister Karen in New Zealand I spend the next two months Googling properties and dreaming of escaping the British winter.''' ,'''I've made a point throughout my girls' lives of reading them bedtime stories about strong, innovating women, whether it's Oprah Winfrey or Frida Kahlo.''' ,'''When I do yoga, I feel like I'm kind of coming home to myself.''' ,'''I've never had stage fright, that would mean you were paralyzed like a rabbit in headlights and you wouldn't be able to speak or move.''' ,'''Storytime is so important. My little one, she's all about that last thing at night. It's such a special time because they just snuggle up and it's just magical.''' ,'''I have the luxury of being alive and healthy, and I'm very grateful for that.''' ,'''My kids are my priority. Everything else is just sugar on top!''' ,'''As soon as you hit 40, you have to defend your right to be that great age,' and still working in the media. But why should I defend my great age?''' ,'''For me, the day does not begin without a very strong cup of builder's tea.''' ,'''When I worked out on my own, I'd get to the gym but not really know how to use equipment properly.''' ,'''I was in two Duran Duran videos. My kids are thoroughly unimpressed.''' ,'''I've got a long spine, so I've got to work on my core.''' ,'''I suddenly got magazine covers, TV commercials and advertising campaigns. Finally after two years I could show my mum and dad that modeling was lucrative.''' ,'''Before I got into television, I was working in New York. I interviewed a few people there, wrote a few articles for a fashion magazine out there called Paper' - which I hugely admired.''' ,'''If you're on your phone, you're not in the moment. And I'm a big believer that joy is in the moment.''' ,'''Confidence comes from cutting yourself some slack.''' ,'''Working in the media, on camera, you could become obsessed with your appearance and how you look. But I have tended to go the other way and I have become less obsessed as I get older.''' ,'''A lot of people always ask me about what life is like. Yes, it's glamorous, it's glitzy, but there is a lot more goes on than that glitz and glamour you see in a photograph or on a red carpet.''' ,'''Dinner is usually rice, vegetables and chicken, or I'll make fajitas, and we'll do roast chicken on the weekend.''' ,'''All my adult life, I've worked in media that demand you maintain your shape.''' ,'''I never missed a Sunday lunch growing up and I've continued that tradition with my own family.''' ,''''Strictly' is feel-good escapism.''' ,'''If I'm feeling a bit fatter I won't talk about it.''' ,'''Confidence, to me, is just pushing yourself a little bit further than you think you can go, and you'll always surprise yourself.''' ,'''I'm in my fifties now. That's still a shock when I say it out loud, because I don't feel any different to when I was in my thirties.''' ,'''I'm a people person, I love being around people.''' ,'''Being northern, my girls are big Yorkshire pudding fans and they have gravy with everything.''' ,'''I do yoga and Pilates, but I'm not militant about it.''' ,'''YouTubers are the rock stars to this generation - the kids just love them, that's who they watch.''' ,'''When you become a mum it's amazing, it blows your mind.''' ,'''That's what has been so much fun about the whole creative process. You can make your characters have adventures that you haven't had and might wish to have.''' ,'''One minute you're invited to Puff Daddy's party, the next you're at a bash with Donald Trump, Kevin Costner and all these movie stars. Sometimes you had to pinch yourself and ask, what's a girl from the Peak District doing here?'''' ,'''I have been spinning a lot of plates, like every mum.''' ,'''I won't let my daughters go on screens at least half an hour before bed because I think it stimulates them a little bit.''' ,'''I've got a treadmill, where I've realized I can watch Netflix and run 5k at the same time.''' ,'''I'm one of those people who had written my will by the age of 35.''' ,'''If I do take the time to do yoga, even just ten minutes in the morning or last thing at night before bed, I feel better.''' ,'''I would say that I'm definitely a morning person - I love getting out of bed and seizing the day ahead.''' ,'''I used to want to be a nurse. But then my sister cut herself really badly and I almost fainted.''' ,'''I look in the mirror and see new lines every day, I'll see the odd grey hair - but this is life.''' ,'''I had a humble childhood, but it was full of love.''' ,''''Strictly' is there to celebrate success.''' ,'''Honestly, I don't really do that much exercise.''' ,'''When you've got kids, you don't want to pass on the angst and the anxiety.''' ,'''I dance every night at home in my kitchen; I'm a really good kitchen dancer.''' ,]
+++