+++
author = "Finn Wolfhard"
title = "Finn Wolfhard Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Finn Wolfhard Quotes"
keywords = "finn wolfhard,finn wolfhard quotes,finn wolfhard quote,finn wolfhard sayings,finn wolfhard saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sewer rats are really gross.''' ,'''I'd actually love to do more comedy, but what I really wanna do is an indie drama - an intense indie road-trip movie.''' ,'''I watch a lot of YouTube videos. I like game play channels like the Game Grumps. But I mostly watch sketch comedy.''' ,'''I'm definitely not eager to grow up, but I do like some adult stuff.''' ,'''It's intriguing to me, when I see a horror script, or something like that, that's actually original. I think that's why I love 'Stranger Things,' because it's not just horror, it's everything, and when they use horror it's right.''' ,'''One day I'm going to open up a club or a concert venue where it's all ages and really fun. That'd be awesome.''' ,'''For me, I need to listen to music in the morning, and after, it's kind of like a shower, you know what I mean? It's kind of getting rid of everything. I always play music after I act. It's not a conscious thing, like, 'Oh finally, I need to do this,' it's kind of a constant need.''' ,'''The movies I was scared by at three or four are now some of my favorite movies of all time.''' ,'''I don't want to be mean to people. I try to be as nice as possible to everyone.''' ,'''The Goonies' I love. 'Heathers' too.''' ,'''Jonah Hill is super cool.''' ,'''I try to keep my voice natural for each character, but the spirit and the cadence and breathing for each character is totally different. It's those things that set each role apart from the others.''' ,'''When I was younger, I acted in some Shakespeare stuff; I did one Shakespeare camp.''' ,'''I guess with a Netflix show, if you're a kid, it's all dependent on how you're raised and if you have access to it.''' ,'''I love doing both animation and live acting.''' ,'''During 'Stranger Things 3,' I shot 'It: Chapter Two,' so I would shoot on my days off, which was super tiring and stressful, but really rewarding at the same time. Basically, I shot 'It: Chapter Two' and 'Stranger Things 3' at the same time.''' ,'''My favorite thing is to have collectives. Even when it comes to filmmaking as well, filmmaking and music and most art in general, I feel like everyone should have the same say. If you're in a collective, I feel like everyone should have the same say.''' ,'''I usually just watch YouTube videos or reruns on Netflix of older TV shows like 'Family Guy' and stuff. But I still really want to start watching more TV.''' ,'''My dad would play 'The Blue Album' a lot, the first Weezer album, and that influenced my alternative indie thing and that's kind of how I found tons and most of my favorite bands.''' ,'''My dad is a screenwriter, so he always used to watch movies for inspiration when I was a baby. I would watch movies with him, I guess, in the background.''' ,'''I've been asked to school dances.''' ,'''I don't take the Internet and social media very seriously. I've grown up around social media but to me what happens on the Internet just doesn't feel real.''' ,'''Everyone wants to be funny. Maybe not everyone, but to an extent.''' ,'''I definitely do have a persona onstage. I definitely am a completely different person, but I'm still having a lot of fun and there's a lot of acting that goes into it. But I haven't been playing many shows when I'm working on acting as much because it's tiring, number one. And number two, it's hard for your mind to makeup what it wants to do.''' ,'''I love retro culture. I love retro games; I love retro music.''' ,'''It's my given, full name. Finn's not short for anything; it's just Finn Wolfhard. And then Wolfhard means, I think, heart of the wolf in German.''' ,'''The aliens from 'Attack the Block' - I thought they were some of the most unique and creative movie monsters I had ever seen. From the jet-black hair to the neon blue teeth.''' ,'''The Duffers like that; they like watching their characters grow.''' ,'''Messing up lines is always embarrassing for me.''' ,'''Life gets weird enough without having to worry about whether you are covered for this or have to have a deductible for that, so the less stress when you are in need, the better.''' ,'''I think I'm really bad at voice acting.''' ,'''Yeah, ever since I was super-young I had a lot of dreams - I wanted to be a musician, I wanted to be a skateboarder.''' ,'''Okay, I like the Clash. I like Tears for Fears. I like A-ha.''' ,'''Some bands I'm obsessed with but I get sick of listening to their music after a while, but that hasn't happened with Twin Peaks.''' ,'''I was raised in a household where kids' opinions were just as valued as adults and I think that was important for me.''' ,'''I probably saw 'Jaws' when I was 10.''' ,'''If I lounge around for too long, I get really bored. I have to be doing something.''' ,'''It's going to sound cheesy, but if I have family and friends I don't really care where I am.''' ,'''Any chance I get to see a band that I like, I take it.''' ,'''If I hadn't done the PUP video, I probably wouldn't be playing music right now.''' ,'''I love acting, of course, and I would still love to keep acting, but I want to try my hands at so many things.''' ,'''Jason Reitman is an amazing director; he's really amazing with his actors and crew.''' ,'''I wanted to do something in film. I wanted to make my own movies. Something clicked in my brain, like, 'Oh, I can physically act! I can go on open casting calls and audition for something.'''' ,'''Well, I kind of did the math in my head when I was like, 9. I was like, 'Well, if I want to make films' - because I want to be a director - 'I could just go on a film set and learn there.' And then I ended up falling in love with acting and the set and making friends all the time. And so I've just been doing that ever since.''' ,'''I love Nirvana, Joy Division, and New Order - older alternative, I guess.''' ,'''I never liked horror up until I was like 10 years old.''' ,'''It was cool when the Duffers assigned a list of movies to watch.''' ,'''My dad, who is a screenwriter, showed me all these great movies. He showed me 'E.T.' when I was 2-years-old, and I just kind of progressed from there. It was also my brother. We'd always watch movies together, and he'd do these voices and he'd always want to do skits and he'd come up with stuff with me.''' ,'''I think if I'm with a friend group, I try to be as funny as possible, and I don't always succeed, obviously.''' ,'''One time, when I was really young, my dad and brother were watching 'Team America,' the Trey Parker and Matt Stone movie. I walked in and they didn't know I was there, but I got really freaked out by the marionettes - just the look of them, their mouths, those grins. That cemented in my brain.''' ,'''I really used to like TVMaxwell, which is a classic, amazing, super-underrated comedy channel. And Cyndago was great.''' ,'''Most of the fans of Calpurnia are 'Stranger Things' fans, which is not a big deal at all. They're super loyal and incredible, and really do like the music. It's the people who aren't fans of the music and are just there because of 'Stranger Things' that really bother me.''' ,'''Honestly, if acting never worked out, I would have done music.''' ,'''Pup, who's like the most amazing, they're keeping rock 'n' roll and punk alive.''' ,'''I'd recommend anyone watch 'Harold and Maude,' 'cause it helps a lot with fear of death.''' ,'''There's a band from Brooklyn called Frankie Cosmos, which is very nice.''' ,'''The things I want to focus on are music, writing, directing, and developing stuff.''' ,'''I mean if anyone's comfortable being famous, they're a psychopath.''' ,'''I'm good at reading people. If I wasn't an actor, I would be a psychologist.''' ,'''The more I read scripts, the more I learn about scripts, basically.''' ,'''I'm not a big radio listener.''' ,'''Like, everyone knows that we all need health care, but not only is it insanely expensive for most people in America, there are so many self-employed people who really struggle when faced with injury and disability and illness.''' ,'''There's so many influential albums my parents would put on. Like the first album I ever heard was 'Help!' by the Beatles and from there I just loved rock music.''' ,'''There's always something really bad that happens in 'Stranger Things,' I think the more fun we're having at the beginning, the higher the drop.''' ,'''We need musicians! We need them healthy - we need to dance and we need to escape - and none of that is possible when musicians themselves need support.''' ,'''To see a hacker actually hacking is not the most interesting thing visually, and it's pretty boring as an actor: a hacker taps on her keyboard. There's really not much more than that.''' ,'''I'd love to make a horror movie, that's definitely where I want to be one day.''' ,'''I'd seen all of John Hughes's movies. All the Spielberg stuff. A bunch of '80s horror, like 'Evil Dead.'''' ,'''I really would not be where I am today if I hadn't done those PUP videos. It just showed me so much. It taught me so much about music and acting and being your own boss.''' ,'''Scary movies, for me, I used to be insanely scared of.''' ,'''I never knew anyone who have growing up who had a clown at their birthday party. They are something I think of as being from the past. So I never had strong feelings about them. I do think that they can be creepy, I guess it depends on the clown.''' ,'''Well, we shoot for so long on 'Stranger Things' that I know Atlanta really well.''' ,'''Doing a scene by yourself is scarier - you know you don't have other people to fall back on.''' ,'''I love learning on set, it's the best acting school ever.''' ,'''People deal with death differently; some even laugh at funerals.''' ,'''I'm always interested in horror and the supernatural.''' ,'''PUP introduced me to so much more amazing music. They really shaped my sound.''' ,'''My parents are great. On every job, my whole family and I try to get as many breaks as I can.''' ,'''I wanted to be a director and comedian and my plan was to go to NYU. I wanted to be in UCB.''' ,'''I think growing up in Vancouver is a different lifestyle than growing up in most other places.''' ,'''If you don't realize that there are great rock bands out there, you should look for them.''' ,'''My parents were in high school and college in the '80s, so let's just say I've heard some stuff, man. We listen to a lot of music and watch lots of great films, but the real context they provide from that era is about politics.''' ,'''I mainly use Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat. Those are my three.''' ,'''I don't want to get typecast and I've been doing a lot of stuff to make that happen and not be the case.''' ,'''I do ride my bike a lot.''' ,'''It's really cool when the thing you are working on as a small team gets embraced by millions, but in the end, it's about your character and the script and your director and the rest of the cast and crew.''' ,'''I get recognized on the street and stuff, which is cool but it's also weird.''' ,'''I've really never discovered a band from Spotify or anything. I've really only discovered it from friends.''' ,'''I read 'Carrie' when I was younger and that's one of my favourite books.''' ,'''I learn a new thing every single day about acting, about directing, about producing.''' ,'''The biggest thing for me, I hate going to concerts where no-one's moving. Everyone should be dancing and having a good time.''' ,'''I love being Canadian.''' ,'''My whole thing is having the perfect balance. Let's say I go to school. I have a day at school. That's the perfect amount of reality. Then I go and play music with my band. Then I go home and hang out with my family and my pets. I think that's the perfect amount of reality time.''' ,'''Obviously 'Stranger Things' has given me the launching pad to have creative license for whatever I want, and I love doing the show, but when it comes to music, I want to distance myself as much as possible.''' ,'''Meeting Ryan Reynolds was really cool, and Blake Lively.''' ,'''Weird Al' is awesome and so humble.''' ,'''I have lots of friends who are musicians and it is such a huge victory to survive in music, period - but if you get sick or injured and don't have the kind of coverage we get in Canada, you are doomed.''' ,'''I need time to do whatever I want to do. What happens to an actor that has no life experience? They don't know how to act as a different role. So, that's really important to do.''' ,'''I love '80s and '90s music.''' ,]
+++