+++
author = "Bruce Feirstein"
title = "Bruce Feirstein Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Bruce Feirstein Quotes"
keywords = "bruce feirstein,bruce feirstein quotes,bruce feirstein quote,bruce feirstein sayings,bruce feirstein saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In the case of 'Blood Stone,' the producers, EON, Michael Wilson, Barbara Broccoli, David Wilson and Gregg Wilson, had an idea for a story and had a lot of it done. And I came in, worked with them, fleshed it out.''' ,'''The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.''' ,'''I would say I'm a casual gamer. I'm not hardcore.''' ,'''I had grown up loving movies and had always wanted to write them.''' ,'''Whenever you do anything with Bond, you've got Cubby Broccoli and Sean Connery looking over your shoulder.''' ,'''I started as a journalist for magazines in New York City, so it was always storytelling. And moving into movies was a natural transition.''' ,'''Our enemies are real. But so are the moral questions and long-term political implications of drone strikes.''' ,'''To paraphrase Jane Austen, it is a truth universally acknowledged that a married man in possession of a vast fortune must be in want of a newer, younger wife.''' ,'''Bond is a classic archetype character, a character that's embedded in our heads forever, one of a lone warrior setting out to avenge a nation - and you find that character across cultures.''' ,'''The great thing about games is that it's tremendously collaborative, and it opens you up to this other world of thinking and storytelling and how you construct those stories.''' ,'''Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flamethrower.''' ,'''I think you need to understand games to write them. There's a learning curve, just like there's a learning curve in anything. It's not precisely the same as film or television, but you're using the same muscles.''' ,'''Yes, I play computer games. I think you've got to embrace the latest technology. For someone to dismiss games as not important would be the same as saying the Internet is not important.''' ,'''Games have has as much an impact on Hollywood filmmaking as MTV music videos did.''' ,]
+++