+++
author = "Michael Lynton"
title = "Michael Lynton Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Michael Lynton Quotes"
keywords = "michael lynton,michael lynton quotes,michael lynton quote,michael lynton sayings,michael lynton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We released 'The Interview' through a variety of platforms, and we continue to look for other distribution options. Throughout this whole process, we never stopped - not for a single moment - trying to secure a broad release. Our studio takes great pride in continuing to grow the release of this movie and making it a success.''' ,'''The entertainment industry at large has pretty much given away high definition to consumers. They haven't really charged a premium for it on television. That makes consumers more likely to buy Blu-ray but less likely to pay a premium for it.''' ,'''For the most part, Hollywood is very transactional. People want to make movies and television shows.''' ,'''We will continue to renew and redefine Sony Pictures.''' ,'''The teams that worked on the innovative distribution of 'The Interview' are just a few of the many that put in long hours over our studio holiday to ensure business continuity, rebuild our systems, and protect our company.''' ,'''I think DVD has been a real gold mine for a lot of reasons. You were selling a packaged good in a big mass market, so you could make it huge. You were selling or renting a thing that people didn't consume. You go to Blockbuster, rent five movies, and only watch two. That's a good business to be in.''' ,'''I was one of two Jewish kids in my school. We were probably one of two Jewish families in our town.''' ,'''People are paying a premium to see movies in 3-D, and that's a very big deal. It's never been done before that someone says you have to pay more to see 'Spider-Man' than a romantic comedy.''' ,'''What is unusual about the United States - and it's something that I have never gotten used to - is that Jews here, there are so many of them, and they are so important to the culture.''' ,]
+++