+++
author = "Dustin Clare"
title = "Dustin Clare Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Dustin Clare Quotes"
keywords = "dustin clare,dustin clare quotes,dustin clare quote,dustin clare sayings,dustin clare saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Often too many expectations are put on by society as to what we're supposed to look like and it's fed to people at an age that's too young.''' ,'''I'm passionate about being an actor, but I'm definitely not passionate about being a sex symbol.''' ,'''You always draw inspiration from your family or your parents if they've proven to be inspirational. My mother is someone who's always been inspirational to me.''' ,'''New Zealand is a pretty no-nonsense place to work, like Australia. I mean it doesn't falter to anyone.''' ,'''I think there's always pieces of yourself that bleed into your character. That's inevitable.''' ,'''When I'm not working, I weight train three times a week and swim and surf as much as I can - in the summer, you usually find me in the water.''' ,'''I had wanted to be a fish farmer, to be honest with you. I wanted to be an agriculturist. I wanted to have my own fish farm. I was also contemplating surfboard building.''' ,'''I think I was about 18 before I decided I wanted to pursue acting. I went to drama school in Western Australia when I was 19.''' ,''''McLeod's Daughters' was my first regular job out of drama school, and my first full-time role. That was great because I learned a lot, in terms of working in front of the camera.''' ,]
+++