+++
author = "Michael Cimino"
title = "Michael Cimino Quotes"
quotes_len = "75"
description = "the best 75 Michael Cimino Quotes"
keywords = "michael cimino,michael cimino quotes,michael cimino quote,michael cimino sayings,michael cimino saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I cut 'Deer Hunter' myself.''' ,'''What distinguishes Vilmos Zsigmond from other cinematographers is, of course, talent but, more, physical stamina. You just can't be great without it.''' ,'''A film reflects who you are as a building reflects the soul of its architect. I think what you feel and what you think and what you are is what the film is. It's not for me to talk about.''' ,'''Journalism is not writing.''' ,'''There is always that need to feel that you're doing your possible best.''' ,''''Deer Hunter' is a movie; it is not an attempt to write history.''' ,'''There's nothing but brutality and bravery or cowardice that comes out of war. That's pretty much it.''' ,'''Movie-making ain't for sissies.''' ,'''I don't make movies to make a point; I make movies to tell stories about people.''' ,'''It's very important to follow your instincts because, beyond what you know exists or what you're told exists in a given area, your intuition plays a big part in finding something special.''' ,'''Every good war film, if you want to use that phrase - I don't think it's a good phrase, but if you want to use that phrase - every good film, a first-rate film about war, is an anti-war movie.''' ,'''Would you ask Picasso to explain 'Guernica?' Would you ask Nabokov to explain 'Lolita?' Would you ask Tolstoy about 'War and Peace?' No, you wouldn't dare.''' ,'''When I was fifteen, I spent three weeks driving all over Brooklyn with a guy who was following his girlfriend.''' ,'''It's one of the wonderful things that the Academy does - a talented person comes along like Mira Sorvino, and it elevates them up to stardom.''' ,'''It's always a daily struggle to write.''' ,'''Most people I knew had been crippled by their educations. Some were even dying spiritually.''' ,'''Who cares about seeing 10,000 helicopter assaults? That's spectacle.''' ,'''I've got a room full of scripts. They go to the ceiling. I can't even hardly walk into it anymore. Most are original, and there are some adaptations like 'Man's Fate.'''' ,'''It's one of the things that movies do offer you, despite all of their hardships - they offer you moments of transcendence.''' ,'''I have no personal life.''' ,'''We all want to experience that in our lives - a moment when we're two feet off the ground - and making movies gives you that opportunity. It comes and it goes so fast that it's unreal, but it does happen.''' ,'''There's nothing good that comes out of war. It's simply hell on earth, and people survive, and people don't.''' ,'''I wish I was making movies back in the days when John Ford made movies and you were a director under contract to a studio. John Ford had years when he made three movies in a year.''' ,'''Working-class, blue-collar guys who volunteered for Vietnam were ascribed certain political beliefs. It's time that this was redressed. It had nothing to do with politics. Once these men got to Vietnam, it was a matter of survival.''' ,'''Even the details of a rifle, which are nothing but mechanical, if they are made carefully, with attention, become beautiful, satisfying.''' ,'''It was just - I mean, 6,000 people giving you a standing ovation is quite an experience.''' ,'''It's silly - you go to a plastic chapel in Vegas, you get married in 10 minutes, and it takes you 10 years to get divorced.''' ,'''I have a very simple definition of a good movie: a good movie makes you forget you're watching a movie.''' ,'''If you don't get it right, what's the point?''' ,'''I don't dispute the accounts of My Lai 4, but I think that anyone who is a student of the war, or anyone who was there, would agree that anything you could imagine happening probably happened.''' ,'''They've said everything about me that they could: racist, Marxist, rightist, homophobic, sex change - I don't know what else they could come up with.''' ,'''I feel very, very upset that, when it came time for me to get an Academy Award, that I didn't especially thank Clint Eastwood.''' ,'''Anybody who says they're bitter is sick in their soul. They've given up.''' ,'''I felt the need to unlearn my formal education.''' ,'''Because people don't see me around a lot, I'm the source of all sorts of rumour.''' ,'''You couldn't make 'Heaven's Gate' today. Even were you to quadruple the resources to make the movie, you couldn't make it because the people don't exist.''' ,'''A film maker's energy and creativity don't have to end when he turns over his film.''' ,'''I wouldn't look pretty as a woman.''' ,'''Family politics are worse than world politics. That's all I can say. You don't get to choose your family; you get to choose your friends. Your family is imposed upon you.''' ,'''I've published a couple of short novels in France that I didn't want to publish in English because I loved the characters too much to subject them to American critics who were not exactly favorable toward my work.''' ,'''Making movies is controlled anarchy, chaos.''' ,'''Writing, by nature, is a fairly solitary occupation.''' ,'''There have been so many false things written about me by people who don't know me.''' ,'''I never second-guess myself.''' ,'''Movies are about people; there're not about ideas. It's like great novels. Great novels are not about ideas. There's never been a great novel about ideas.''' ,'''Does anyone remember who shot Kubrick's movies? Do you remember who shot David Lean's movies? No one remembers who shot 'Dr. Strangelove' or 'Barry Lyndon.'''' ,'''When a guy is perceived as macho, female editors aren't going to like it - because they all want to be men.''' ,'''I have no interest in making a 'Vietnam' film, no interest in making a direct political statement.''' ,'''All of those years, I felt like 'Heaven's Gate' was a beautiful, fantastically colored balloon tied to a string fastened to my wrist, so the balloon could never fly.''' ,'''I am not a preacher; I'm a reacher.''' ,'''On a movie, you often work fourteen-, sixteen-hour days, six days a week, for six months. It is so easy to let up because of fatigue.''' ,'''Friendship and sentiment and the giving of one's words are very important.''' ,'''I've had enough rejection for 33 years. I don't need more.''' ,'''All one has to do is look at old footage of the firebombing of Dresden during World War II and think of the people beneath those bombs. It's horrific.''' ,'''There's a need to dig up the past and analyze it.''' ,'''War is war. Vietnam is no different from the Crusades.''' ,'''The Indians believe all things have spirit - even the hail that comes from the sky is spirit. If you believe that, which I implicitly do, everything is alive.''' ,'''I was a child prodigy. Like Michelangelo, who could draw a perfect circle at age five. I was extremely gifted. I could paint a perfect portrait of someone at age five.''' ,'''What we forget is that the Academy is a star-maker, or it reinforces the stardom of people.''' ,'''Hollywood has always been crazy. It's controlled anarchy. But how can you loathe something that has given you so much?''' ,'''Nobody lives without making mistakes.''' ,'''There's no service ribbon for people who fought in Korea. We lost over 30,000 men between 1951 and 1953 - as many as we lost in 15 years in Vietnam.''' ,'''I wouldn't have had the life I've had without movies.''' ,'''I love to scout locations.''' ,'''I think 'American Sniper' is anti-war. It demonstrates the agony of the decision-making that goes on.''' ,'''I don't believe in defeat.''' ,'''Being infamous is not fun. It becomes a weird occupation in and of itself.''' ,'''You can't look back.''' ,''''Leaving Las Vegas' is a relationship; 'Dead Man Walking' is a relationship, and they're very contained movies. They're compressed and not in wide open spaces all over the place.''' ,'''I'm a frustrated would-be architect who stumbled into the would-be business of making movies.''' ,'''I would never suggest that the geography or visual environment of the film is more important than what's going on with the people, but it's a major factor in getting the right tone. Certainly, it influences the actors tremendously.''' ,'''Encountering a real place enhances the performances of actors in subtle ways and changes the spiritual texture of the film.''' ,'''If you can't stop somebody from working and making movies that you hate, what's the next best thing? Destroy them personally.''' ,'''Every great movie is about the people, even if it's a great popular success like 'Gone With the Wind.' It's really not about the Civil War. It's about Scarlett and Rhett. That's who you go to see. You're not going to root for the North or pull for the South, or, you know, it's the people you remember.''' ,'''When the rich kids got together, the most we ever did was cross against a red light.''' ,]
+++