+++
author = "Travis Kelce"
title = "Travis Kelce Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Travis Kelce Quotes"
keywords = "travis kelce,travis kelce quotes,travis kelce quote,travis kelce sayings,travis kelce saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a big '90s basketball fan.''' ,'''I wouldn't even say I'm really good at dancing, I'd just say I'm not shy to movement. At a young age, people would laugh at me moving. None of it looked like it should have been called a dance move. But it was just me being goofy.''' ,'''I started playing this game in the backyard, I started playing this game in middle school and going to go practice without any fans, without any sounds.''' ,'''I'm a Kansas City citizen; I'm around all the time.''' ,'''I feel like my brand goes as I play football. If I turn into the greatest football player that I can be, I feel that my brand, how people look at me, is all going to be positive.''' ,'''I've played 'Madden' my entire life and all of the guys in the 90s I idolized growing up.''' ,'''When I look in my father's eyes, man, I know that I made him proud. As a son, with a father that loves him and believes in him so much, that's the world. It really is.''' ,'''I'm a firm believer that individual accolades are a bit overrated in this game.''' ,'''I can throw the ball. I'll never get the opportunity.''' ,'''Speed kills in this game. If you've got it, you're in the advantage.''' ,'''I really want to be one of the greats. I want to be able to walk somewhere and have people say, 'Oh, that's Travis.'''' ,'''All I had been doing is playing outside, playing sports my entire life.''' ,'''Whenever you catch a ball, just see it all the way into the tuck.''' ,'''Those kind of accolades, the individual accolades are something that you can hang our hat on when it's all said and done.''' ,'''It's always fun being in the community, reaching out to not only the Kansas City faithful, but also people that really don't know that much about football and seeing the influence it could possibly have on them.''' ,'''Being able to get a big body to change direction, I think that's huge. I don't think a lot of tight ends incorporate that enough. I got a lot of that from playing hockey when I was younger, being able to play on the inside and outside of skates, as well as on the basketball court, being able to put my foot into the ground and crossover.''' ,'''I enjoy being the one on TV. I enjoy being the show.''' ,'''Nobody puts more expectation on me than myself. That's just the heart of the competitor. That's how I was raised.''' ,'''An ice bath for me is always going to work.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I feel like if you're not having fun with what you do, there's really not much of a point to be doing it.''' ,'''If you ever are fortunate enough to experience an open field in front of you as a tight end - and honestly, that's something not many guys at this position ever get to experience in the NFL - the one thing that you know for certain is that there are people faster than you who are right behind you and want you to fumble the ball.''' ,'''The biggest leap between the NFL and college football is the speed. That's something you hear often. But I think there's more to it than just the speed of the players - there's also the speed with which you have to process information around you.''' ,'''As a blocker, that gets you excited, man. You've got somebody who can take it to the house at any point in the game, and you want to make sure that you get your guy that much more.''' ,'''If you don't care about the guy next to you, one, you're a terrible teammate. Two, you're never gonna win.''' ,'''In certain situations, you have to be able to be more conscious of ball security than you do in the open field.''' ,'''I'm technically the utility guy on the field. Whether you need a plumber or an electrician, man, I'm here for you.''' ,'''Throwing the ball around with pops, that was everything as a kid. If I could get out and do that every single day, I was happy as could be; like the day was the best day ever.''' ,'''I feel like it's a duty of mine to make sure that I'm helping out as much as I can, knowing that it's a responsibility.''' ,'''Am I a peer mediator? Not a chance.''' ,'''I hate drama.''' ,'''You can kind of just move me around and put me anywhere - whatever the coaches and the guys on this team need me to do.''' ,'''The biggest thing in training camp is you don't always get to see the hitting aspect. Whether a guy is easy to tackle or whether he's brought down easy.''' ,'''All the negatives, the flags for the personal fouls and silly stuff after the play, that takes a toll. People don't want to be a part of that.''' ,'''I get most of my athleticism from my mom. I know my dad cringes every single time I say that, but my competitive nature was always fueled by my dad.''' ,'''I couldn't have a better resource than my brother. He's one of the smartest guys you'll have a conversation with. He knows so much about so many different things.''' ,'''The biggest thing in terms of route running for me is knowing what the defense is in, knowing the coverage. Once you know the coverage, now you can start manipulating the defense. You can start to kind of trick them in where you're going to go and where you want to get open.''' ,'''My passion for this game is never going to change. You're always going to see me have that fieriness to me. That's just the only way I know how to play this game and I love it for that because I get to release that energy and that passion, that anger that I have.''' ,'''Jimmy Graham over in New Orleans started a whole new type of position almost to where he was trying to get paid like a wide receiver. He was split out more than 50 percent of the time.''' ,'''Whenever I get the ball in my hands, I just try to get the thing as north as possible and get in the end zone.''' ,'''You have to fight... for your right... to Lombarrdi!''' ,'''I don't understand why women get so frustrated with guys talking to other women, just casual conversation. I don't get it. I've had a problem with that.''' ,'''You don't really see tight ends out here doing dances in the end zone. But if you see me at night out on the town, I'm having a good time - I'm always dancing. It started in the backyard, not to necessarily showboat - but to be a showman. It's part of how we grew up, how we played the game, and now that I'm in the NFL, why not break it out?''' ,'''Passion sits in your heart and it's within you.''' ,'''My actions on the field are very - I don't want to say emotional, but emotion does get the best of me out there. If I do something wrong, I'm livid. I take it that seriously.''' ,'''We had almost like our own little sports complex at the house. The driveway was like the pitching mound. We used to play one-on-one street hockey right there. My dad wanted to make sure we were ready to have some fun, so he was always out grabbing sports equipment.''' ,'''All I can ask for is the opportunity to go out there and beat a man one on one. If you win your one-on-one matchups in this league, you're going to have a lot of success.''' ,'''I sing in the morning.''' ,'''My father taught me that you can buy a man's back, but you can't buy his heart.''' ,'''Once you have success, you have to maintain success.''' ,'''I'll tell you what, I've never seen any football player more uncomfortable in a situation of having to make a one-on-one move on somebody than Patrick Mahomes in space.''' ,'''As a guy from where I come from, I'm going to holler back if you start yapping away. You talk, you're going to hear me talk.''' ,'''I'm dedicated to finding the girl of my dreams.''' ,'''I think when you have big-time businesses around that want to be part of the sports community and the athletic community it's a huge advantage in the bigger markets.''' ,'''A pain plan is something that's very understood between you and your healthcare provider.''' ,'''As a kid, I always dreamt of being an NFL quarterback. I remember being 10 years old and saying, 'Mom... I'm gonna throw a football in the NFL, and it's going to be a touchdown, and everybody's gonna love it.'''' ,'''I can't think Kansas City enough for embracing me for who I am, my teammates for fighting every single day.''' ,'''Just about everybody in the world thinks the world of George Kittle. He's an unbelievable person with an unbelievable amount of energy. How he plays the game with the tenacity is one of a kind.''' ,'''That's one of the things about the NFL is that you have small-market teams, big-market teams. I feel like the bigger market teams do kind of have an advantage in terms of off-the-field money.''' ,'''When you see me dancing in the end zone... that's Cleveland Heights.''' ,'''When everyone plays and has passion for each other, man, that's when you really have a chance to be great as a team. Without it, I don't know how football even works.''' ,'''Football is always going to be my main focus.''' ,'''There were times where I feel like I was just out there thinking too much instead of just playing instinctual football. It's definitely something I've been trying to work on.''' ,'''Coach Reid is always going to dial the right plays up. He's a guru.''' ,'''I've got just about a full-on weight room and ability to do just about anything I need at the house.''' ,'''I think the tight end position is so unique because you always have a mismatch if you know how to dial it up or use it right.''' ,'''Helping out Kansas City is just fun, you know?''' ,'''I remember it was Dr. Seuss' birthday, and I got to read to the little ones and that was just an awesome experience. I remember when I was a young knucklehead and having that access to an after-school program in my community. It's something that hits home to me and something I wanted to always be a part of.''' ,'''When you make plays on the field or your guys will make a play on the field, you've got to get excited.''' ,'''Gronk's going to run around there like a Clydesdale, run through everything, like a big boulder. I'm more a guy who can make people miss, break somebody down with a juke move or slide off tackles. Gronk can just break everything.''' ,'''I'm not the same without the 10 other guys on that football field playing their tail off to move the ball down the field.''' ,'''It's one thing to be a part of an organization. It's another thing to be a part of the community.''' ,'''My entire career, you can't say Travis Kelce without Alex Smith. He's been my quarterback, he's been the guy. I owe a lot of my success to him.''' ,'''I love coming to work every single day, and I love being here in Kansas City.''' ,'''First and foremost, it's a psychological issue and it's mental concentration - that's all it is. We're all big enough and strong enough to hold onto to the ball, it's just whether or not you want to focus in on it.''' ,'''I'd be OK if we didn't go back out to London ever again... shout out to everybody in London. I loved the fans.''' ,'''I grew up in the '90s loving the basketball sneakers, and that's where fashion really started for me.''' ,'''Blocking is part physicality and part physics. You have to be the lower man and get your hands inside to control your opponent's mass. If you have short footwork, tight hands and if you play low, you can hold your own.''' ,'''It has started becoming a deal that wherever I go, people just want to see me dance. I try and keep it for the end zone, but sometimes you've got to do what you've got to do.''' ,'''I enjoy making people laugh. If I can put a smile on someone's face if I do a dance in the end zone, why not?''' ,'''You play the game to have fun.''' ,'''It's a deal-breaker for me when a girl can't handle herself with class or acts different when you're not around me and things like that.''' ,'''I'm not going to go out there and say that I'm better than X, I'm better than Y. I think I'm the best tight end in the game.''' ,'''I had an opportunity to meet Kobe and he's just an unbelievable person.''' ,'''I've actually walked out on a girl for being rude to a waitress. I go in to that restaurant all the time and that waitress was a good friend of mine.''' ,'''There were times where I feel like I was just out there thinking too much instead of just playing instinctual football. It's definitely something that I've been trying to work on here, just go out there and let it run.''' ,'''I'm not trying to stop bettering myself so that I give my team the best chance to win whenever I'm on the field.''' ,'''Nobody can make fun of me better than me.''' ,'''I'm not even a big TV guy.''' ,'''The one thing every NFL defense has in common is that it's sound. No matter where guys move on the field, every single foot of space will be accounted for.''' ,'''Everyone has kind of a rough transition in the NFL. It's a different kind of scouting.''' ,'''You never get to see the intimate side of a football player.''' ,'''When I get the ball in my hands I'm a different type of athlete.''' ,'''At the tight end position, you're asked to do so many things. You'll see me split out wide singled up like a wide receiver.''' ,'''Just being able to incorporate other sports into my game has definitely helped me out.''' ,'''When in doubt, make plays.''' ,'''I told everybody since the second I've been in the league that I've been very success-driven.''' ,'''That accolade, to be the best at your position in your conference, you want that on your resume.''' ,'''I'm trying to just up the ante, play well-rounded both in the run game, pass game, keep doing my thing when I get the ball and make guys miss.''' ,'''As soon as you get complacent with where you are in a game, that's where you come and then it bites you in the rear. So you just want to make sure that you're keeping that energy high, when guys are making plays you're getting excited for them and you're staying locked in through all 60 minutes of the game.''' ,'''Football is just a game.''' ,]
+++