+++
author = "Peter Hammill"
title = "Peter Hammill Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Peter Hammill Quotes"
keywords = "peter hammill,peter hammill quotes,peter hammill quote,peter hammill sayings,peter hammill saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do flip between being chatty and argumentative - and being a psycho-loner werewolf.''' ,'''Seriously, these days I tend to shut up in terms of external analysis and DO try to let things speak for themselves, while still trying to get some depth into them.''' ,'''My dictum has always been: 'This show is happening just here, just tonight, with these people who are in this hall, and nobody knows what's going to happen until it's done.'''' ,'''There's always a Van der Graaf audience that wants to hear the band's sound. And totally fair enough. Why not? It's a band. You like the band, you like the band.''' ,'''I'm not sure that Jesuits ever produce faithful Catholics. Because they're too fierce. It is Sturm und Drang, and it is guilt - it is all that battlefield stuff.''' ,'''I had then and still retain an interest in science for its own sake and as a metaphor for our current lives.''' ,'''Actually I think Art lies in both directions - the broad strokes, big picture but on the other hand the minute examination of the apparently mundane. Seeing the whole world in a grain of sand, that kind of thing.''' ,'''More people seem to know the Van der Graaf Generator material than my solo work - thanks, I suppose, to their parents' lingering vinyl collections.''' ,'''The passage of time is a continuing thing. At 18, you're going to live forever, and you are definitely not at 52, so that is a recurring topic. I still think it's the main stuff.''' ,'''So I, for one, didn't feel alienated by what happened in 77.''' ,'''To be honest, I don't know really what I do on stage.''' ,'''Marc Almond has done a couple of covers, a few people in Europa have done them. I own all the publishing. It's never really been addressed, as I haven't had the time to go out and tout the songs.''' ,'''My mother was from West Bromwich; my grandfather was Pakistani. I had an aunt who started trying to trace the family tree and stopped when she saw what turned up.''' ,'''I suppose, in a way, one could say I may be less interested in my career than the audience is. Not to mean that I'm disinterested in my career, but I don't see it in terms of one stepping stone or, 'Now I'm going to go into my blue phase,' or what have you.''' ,'''I continue to believe, contrary to the given wisdom, that it's more interesting to have an album - or, indeed, an individual song - which has variety rather than homogeneity.''' ,'''If you're going to have a heart attack, mine was the kind to have. I'm thankful that it hasn't affected my output or my capacity to perform. And it has given me a lot to think and write about.''' ,'''Being used to scientific terminology and theory it was always natural for me to push this stuff into songs.''' ,'''It costs so much to promote something these days that almost always safety is the preferred option, reference back to things which have been successful in the past. Also, people are simply not given the time to develop and find themselves and their audience as we were.''' ,'''The crucial question one comes back to is the examination; without that experience is meaningless. And I think it's true that society is becoming more and more passive, less and less fired up with enthusiasm, in many spheres.''' ,'''I had a vision of myself as a novelist because that was where I could be serious. I couldn't with music.''' ,]
+++