+++
author = "Murray Head"
title = "Murray Head Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Murray Head Quotes"
keywords = "murray head,murray head quotes,murray head quote,murray head sayings,murray head saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's no good kicking progress In the teeth - there's nothing wrong with a tractor.''' ,'''My parents locked off most areas of expression. The only outlet left to me was the arts.''' ,''''Sunday, Bloody Sunday' was the only time I've been directed properly.''' ,'''I ultimately want to contribute something toward bettering human relations.''' ,'''The main thing with my shows is that I'm professional but not highly polished. I don't like people to think they're just seeing an album in person.''' ,'''I have a high range. Sometimes I sound like Stevie Winwood. Some people say I sound like Peter Gabriel. Some of the songs I write are funky. Others are slow. Some are ponderous, and some are there to shock. I must say some are pretty damn good, too.''' ,'''The French have bizarre tastes. Maybe that's why they like me.''' ,'''I don't miss acting in films. I haven't had that many good experiences with it. If I had, I probably would like it more.''' ,'''I'm a singer and a songwriter. It's hard to describe what I sound like when I sing.''' ,'''I don't see much good coming out of violent revolution.''' ,'''I'd like to start some form of city-type commune.''' ,'''First, I started with music singing, writing songs, playing music. Later, I got into acting. I'm not a brilliant musician or a brilliant actor. But, to me, they're still great vehicles for expression.''' ,'''I never tried to emulate that New York rap style. What I do is a quasi rap. It's a honky rap, not a black rap. I find it puzzling that so many people have assumed I'm black.''' ,'''It doesn't suffice to knock the state, to destroy the ideals. Something has to replace those ideals if they're taken away.''' ,]
+++