+++
author = "Paris Jackson"
title = "Paris Jackson Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Paris Jackson Quotes"
keywords = "paris jackson,paris jackson quotes,paris jackson quote,paris jackson sayings,paris jackson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to have a normal high-school experience.''' ,'''A ton of kids at school have made fun of me; if I had to give advice to other girls, I would say, 'Hang loose and ignore them. They shouldn't faze you no matter how popular they think they are.'''' ,'''I do have, like, a regular childhood. I mean, I'm treated the same.''' ,'''I originally wanted to be an astronaut when I was a kid. Then I had this huge fear of black holes because my brother learned a bunch of stuff about it, and he's like, 'Oh, yeah, if you go into one you're never coming back.'''' ,'''I want to be my own person.''' ,'''I have lots of memories of my father. He was an incredible father. We all loved him to death.''' ,'''I'd like to be an actress when I'm older. I sometimes do improv. I used to do it with my dad.''' ,'''Ever since I was born, Daddy has been the best father you could ever imagine. And I just want to say that I love him so much.''' ,'''A lot of people don't like me.''' ,'''Now I see other kids and their parents, and I compare them to my dad. Our dad was a really normal father when he was with us. We would get grounded if we did something bad. He would ground us. He wouldn't call it grounding; he'd just say, 'You're on punishment.' Sometimes we'd be on punishment a lot.''' ,'''Some people try to cyber bully me; they try to get to me with words, but that doesn't really work.''' ,'''I consider myself black.''' ,'''I do have a regular childhood.''' ,'''I love my dad, and I'm proud to be his daughter.''' ,'''I just don't think the title 'MJ's daughter' fits me.''' ,'''They always say, 'Time heals.' But it really doesn't. You just get used to it. I live life with the mentality of 'OK, I lost the only thing that has ever been important to me.' So going forward, anything bad that happens can't be nearly as bad as what happened before.''' ,'''My dad was in the movie 'Moonwalker,' and I knew he could sing really well, but I didn't know he could act. I saw that, and I said, 'Wow, I want to be just like him.'''' ,'''I know my dad always wanted to heal the world, and so I think it would be great to follow in his footsteps.''' ,'''There are a lot of bad people out there.''' ,'''I've had a lot of mother figures. But by the time my mom came into my life, it wasn't a 'mommy' thing. It's more of an adult relationship.''' ,'''I have lots of memories of my father. He was an incredible father. We all loved him to death. He'd try to educate us as much as he could and was always looking out for us. He was very protective.''' ,'''I listen to older music like AC/DC.''' ,'''I never met anyone before who made me feel the way music makes me feel.''' ,'''I want to help people. That's it.''' ,'''You can be, like, a totally different person on camera, and it's fun. You can take on another character, and it's awesome.''' ,'''I've had self-esteem issues for a really, really long time. Plenty of people think I'm ugly, and plenty of people don't. But there's a moment when I'm modeling where I forget about my self-esteem issues and focus on what the photographer's telling me - and I feel pretty. And in that sense, it's selfish.''' ,'''The whole freedom-of-speech thing is great. But I don't think that our Founding Fathers predicted social media when they created all of these amendments and stuff.''' ,'''I didn't get why I was wearing a mask. But I understand it now - why my dad would want our face to be covered.''' ,]
+++