+++
author = "Karan Singh Grover"
title = "Karan Singh Grover Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Karan Singh Grover Quotes"
keywords = "karan singh grover,karan singh grover quotes,karan singh grover quote,karan singh grover sayings,karan singh grover saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I quit 'Qubool Hai' at the right time. When 'Alone' was offered to me, I was learning production and direction. I don't think not being seen on TV for more than a year will affect my popularity or 'Alone.'''' ,'''I am just like Dr. Armaan - fun-loving, flirtatious, and tension-free. I am serious about my work, but apart from that, I am always playing pranks on people. As a viewer, I relate more to 'Dil Mill Gayye.'''' ,'''I came to Mumbai in 2000 to do a hotel management course. Following this, I worked as a marketing executive with Hotel Sheraton in Muscat for a year. It was in 2004 that I participated in the Gladrags Mr. India contest and bagged the most popular model award. After that, I did few ramp shows and ads.''' ,'''Each person's body type is different, and they need to understand that food should be eaten in regular portions.''' ,'''I really liked the script of 'Alone.' I thought there were a lot unexpected things in the film, which I would want to watch as a viewer. I did not think like I was doing a horror film; I did not think in terms of genre. I decided on the basis of the script.''' ,'''As actors, we need to do our parts exactly the way they have visualised it, because if we don't, we have to keep doing it many times over.''' ,'''There are co-ed schools in Saudi, but those are American or British. My dad, of course, believed in the good old CBSE Indian school system and thus, my younger brother Ishmeet and I were put in an all-boys CBSE school. My mother could move out only if she wore a burkha.''' ,'''TV is like a school. It is easy to shoot for a film. In movies, you have a definite start and end. You know your character is there for a particular period.''' ,'''I think there are only two kinds of heroes: the flamboyant ones and the angry-yet-silent types. Every character on TV falls into either category.''' ,'''I love to sing. I also had a band during my college days in Saudi Arabia called Thousand Decibels. If not an actor, I would have become a singer. I am very passionate about work. I am a fitness freak: I go to gym before doing my shoot. I also do yoga.''' ,'''If I had my way, I wouldn't be sharing my personal life online. I'm a private person. At home, I don't wander around shirtless, flexing my muscles. I roam around unshaven, with my hair disheveled. Unfortunately, people perceive you differently. It's okay; they're free to speculate.''' ,'''I want to play someone really dark, like a real bad guy on screen. But I am sure I won't be able to do so because my fans will not let me do it. They are aggressive. My image is such that no one will allow me to do a negative character.''' ,'''I am originally a surd who was born in Delhi in 1982, just two years before the Sikh riots, so all my childhood pictures are in baby frocks with ponytails, as my parents wanted to hide the fact that I was a Sikh boy, given the riots. My dad worked for a travel agency, and we soon moved to Saudi Arabia.''' ,'''I am flirtatious by nature, but I have never hurt anyone.''' ,'''Hate is a very strong and heavy emotion, probably as strong as love. I don't think I can live with hatred. If something bad happens, you feel bad about it; you forgive and move on. There's no hatred.''' ,'''There was a scene in 'Qubool Hai' where Asad shoots his father. After shooting for it, I was drained completely. At times, my character's mood gets very depressing. Post shoot, it takes a good half hour to get out of character, to leave Asad behind.''' ,'''As an individual, I need space and can't be locked in a house with strangers. I would do 'Bigg Boss' if I get to co-host it with Salman Khan.''' ,'''My character Saurabh Singhania is a rich, bad guy who is driven by revenge, so much that you feel like scratching his face or throwing stones at him. The intimate scenes in the trailer are creating quite a buzz... I wish they had shown more of the story instead of the sizzling scenes. The film is not about boldness or intimacy.''' ,'''I am not against any kind of physical intimacy on screen, but kissing is a big no unless it's with Jennifer. I'd like to kiss her on-screen as we do it at home, too. If we get paid for it, that's even better.''' ,'''Both me and Ishmeet were very naughty. We used to have my grandfather's swords in the house. We used to take all these swords and take all the showpieces Mom had and slice them one by one. He actually locked my nana in the kitchen once for two hours.''' ,'''Saudi had been a very restricted place. Even on the magazines there, if there was a little leg or cleavage showing, they used to blacken it with a black mark. Me and Ishmeet, so many times, had tried to remove the black portion with our spit, but of course, it would never come out.''' ,'''I would love to work with Shilpa again. But it would have to be for 'Dill Mill Gayye (DMG)' - that's the only fiction show I'll take up on small screen. I'm extremely faithful to that show. That apart, I'm not likely to do anymore fiction on TV for the time being.''' ,'''I grew up watching Salman Khan and Arnold Schwarzenegger, who have always juggled fitness with acting. In real life, I'm a fitness freak. Besides, it is nice to look at an actor who is fit, and if you become a role model, that's a perk.''' ,'''Why are we tiptoeing on glass? You can ask me whatever you like; people usually do, and I try to be as honest as I can.''' ,]
+++