+++
author = "H. Rap Brown"
title = "H. Rap Brown Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 H. Rap Brown Quotes"
keywords = "h. rap brown,h. rap brown quotes,h. rap brown quote,h. rap brown sayings,h. rap brown saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Black people must address itself to the causes of poverty. That's oppression in this country.''' ,'''And understand: class differences will not save you.''' ,'''Revolution comes when human beings set out to correct decadent institutions.''' ,'''See, justice is a joke in this country, and it stinks of its hypocricy.''' ,'''The poverty program was not designed to eliminate poverty.''' ,'''See, it's no in between: you're either free or you're a slave.''' ,'''So black people all across this country are uniting. They must unite, and they must organize themselves.''' ,'''The man does not beat your head because you got a Cadillac or because you got a Ford; he beats you because you're black!''' ,'''The first responsibility of the Muslim is as teacher. That is his job, to teach. His first school, his first classroom is within the household. His first student is himself. He masters himself and then he begins to convey the knowledge that he has acquired to the family. The people who are closest to him.''' ,'''But black people fall for that same argument, and they go around talking about law breakers. We did not make the laws in this country. We are neither morally nor legally confined to those laws. Those laws that keep them up, keep us down.''' ,'''To be successful in struggle requires remembrance of the Creator and the doing of good deeds. This is important because successful struggle demands that there be a kind of social consciousness.''' ,'''If America don't come around, we're gonna' burn it down.''' ,'''They cannot divide us by saying that you're middle class or you're lower class.''' ,'''We talking about revolution because that's the era that you're caught in.''' ,'''You see, the poverty program for the last five years have been buy-off programs.''' ,'''Look at the newborn baby. It struggles to breathe after living in the womb. And yet, growth comes as a result of struggle. Even when we talk about jihad. We need to attach consciousness to struggle. This struggle has to be both individual and collective.''' ,'''The only politics in this country that's relevant to black people today is the politics of revolution... none other.''' ,'''No such thing as a Dixiecrat.''' ,'''To be successful in struggle requires remembrance of the Creator and the doing of good deeds. This is important because successful struggle demands that there be a kind of social consciousness. There has to be a social commitment, a social consciousness that joins men together.''' ,'''Everybody in the black community must organize, and then we decide whether we will have alliance with other people or not, but not until we are organized.''' ,'''I seek truth over a lie; I seek justice over injustice; I seek righteousness over the rewards of evildoers, and I love Allah more than I love the state.''' ,'''Class structures are a luxury that we cannot afford.''' ,'''There's no such thing as second class citizenship. That's like telling me you can be a little bit pregnant.''' ,'''One of the lies that we tell ourselves is that we're making progress; but Huey's chair's empty.''' ,'''There is no such thing as a black middle class.''' ,'''Yes, politics IS war without bloodshed; and war is an extension of those politics.''' ,'''You've got to stop dividing yourselves. You got to organize.''' ,'''There has to be a social commitment, a social consciousness that joins men together. On the basis of their coming together, they do not transgress against themselves and they do not transgress against others.''' ,'''My name is Imam Jamil Abdullah Al-Amin, the former H. Rap Brown. I am a devoted servant of Allah, and an unwavering devotee to His cause. For more than 30 years, I have been tormented and persecuted by my enemies for reasons of race and belief.''' ,'''When you understand your obligations to God then you can understand your obligations to society.''' ,'''We happen to be the vanguard of that revolutionary struggle because we are the most dispossessed.''' ,'''The only thing that's going to free Huey is gun powder.''' ,'''I say violence is necessary. It is as American as cherry pie.''' ,'''An old African leader says about leadership, he says that leadership should never be shared; it should always remain in the hands of the dispossessed people. We will lead the revolution.''' ,'''In terms of the revolution, I believe that the revolution will be a revolution of dispossessed people in this country: that's the Mexican American, the Puerto Rican American, the American Indian, and black people.''' ,'''Attack those concepts such as 'third world.' Think about it. If we look at it in terms of numbers, then people of color are the majority in this world. We should be the 'first world.'''' ,]
+++