+++
author = "Nicola Roberts"
title = "Nicola Roberts Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Nicola Roberts Quotes"
keywords = "nicola roberts,nicola roberts quotes,nicola roberts quote,nicola roberts sayings,nicola roberts saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Girls Aloud had a style of music, so you come together and work as a group.''' ,'''Kanye West would be my dream collaboration.''' ,'''I'm not ill, I'm just pale.''' ,'''We have so many talented writers. Companies need to understand that smaller writers also need to be supported.''' ,'''Have a good sense of perspective and be able to snap yourself out of bad moods, as we often wind ourselves up about the silliest things.''' ,'''I don't like the feeling of being unhappy. I don't like the feeling of being unsure about myself, or uncertain with where something's going - I would rather turn away. I just can't feel like that ever again. It's just horrible.''' ,'''Younger writers and smaller writers need to live and get by. They need to be paid. It has to be fair.''' ,'''People feel they can say nasty things and have anonymity behind the net - as they did with all the nasty comments about me - without fear of recrimination.''' ,'''Having red hair was never an issue, I'm so happy I have red hair.''' ,'''I think everyone just likes what they like. And fashion is something that I have found a lot of 'like' in.''' ,'''For years I hated being pale.''' ,'''My nan's skin cancer was on her nose and had to have it removed a few times.''' ,'''Emma Stone and Jessica Chastain are both very classic beauties.''' ,'''I don't model myself on just one person because I don't think that's healthy.''' ,'''I don't pamper myself very often.''' ,'''I want cancer rates to fall.''' ,'''My celebrity hair icon is Lana Del Rey, and beauty wise I like Jennifer Lawrence and I love Kerry Washington in 'Scandal' - her make-up is flawless on that show. She is one of my TV icons.''' ,'''I do 100 squats while I brush my teeth.''' ,'''I used to do fake tanning because I was told that I didn't look great.''' ,'''Don't like lychees.''' ,'''I think sometimes certain behaviour of men is seen as normal or usual - but it's never normal or usual to the victim, ever. It's horrific.''' ,'''A Chanel bag will retain its value if you want to sell it to a vintage shop. I've got Chanel bags from the 1980s and they have that fashion heritage aspect.''' ,'''I do worry about getting skin cancer in the future - you only have to use a sunbed a handful of times.''' ,'''I paint my own nails and only get my hair cut when it really needs it.''' ,'''I always had a family that instilled in me red hair was my superpower and how it was such a lovely thing.''' ,'''I've always been taunted about my skin.''' ,'''We were put together by the public, they voted for us to be in the band. So we were very much the public's band.''' ,'''Not everyone can like what you wear - sometimes you don't even like what you wear.''' ,'''I always felt that people found women more attractive if they were tanned and there are some parts where I'm so pale, I'm blue and see-through.''' ,'''I hated London; I was so lonely.''' ,'''You've got to be your own best friend.''' ,'''Most days I am very low key. Jumpers and jeans are my staples.''' ,'''I used to do a lot of dancing when I was younger.''' ,'''Little Mix are hilarious.''' ,'''Time off doesn't sit well with me.''' ,'''I have some people in my life who are stunning on the outside but maybe not as beautiful on the inside and I have people in my life who are such lovely people so I see them as being really beautiful.''' ,'''I used to write at home a lot. I used to write a bit for Girls Aloud.''' ,'''I didn't know I was harming myself. I don't think my parents should have allowed me to use a sunbed, but they weren't aware of the dangers either.''' ,'''I had a year of therapy and I swear to God, I went in that with a certain level of self-love, but not enough to keep me out of bad relationships, not enough to try and save people who were toxic for me, not enough to recognise when something was bad, to walk away.''' ,'''People called me Cilla when I was little because I was always singing and writing poems.''' ,'''Too much dairy and wheat gives me bad skin.''' ,'''I have a treadmill in the house but I never use it.''' ,'''I'd make a good psychiatrist. I can work people out very easily and very quickly. I've been like that since childhood.''' ,'''Anyone of any age or background who loved pop music liked our songs.''' ,'''We made mistakes publicly.''' ,'''Fashion can really give you an identity if you're looking for one and I think the more people that know that, the less identity crises we'll have in the world.''' ,'''I grew up with gossip mags commenting on how I looked.''' ,'''I was a 16-year-old little girl from this little town who just wanted to sing.''' ,'''I want people to stop being so obsessed with the way they look.''' ,'''It's brilliant to me, I absolutely love having red hair. I love being ginger and I love my specific colouring.''' ,'''I truly love my hair but my skin colour was something I couldn't get my head around.''' ,'''I struggled all the time to find makeup that was light enough.''' ,'''For years I felt like the ugly one in Girls Aloud.''' ,'''I won't eat frozen food and I like to know where my food has come from. I don't like anything going in my body that's from a packet. I used to eat microwave ready meals, because we were so busy, but now I like to eat clean.''' ,'''I started looking at women like Lily Cole and Sophie Ellis Bextor - beautiful women with their pale skin, rather than looking at the run-of-the-mill, tanned, average lady.''' ,'''Song-writing in general, and vocally I've learnt a lot about myself. I want to get better and keep learning.''' ,'''I'm not gonna sit and pretend I'm hard as nails.''' ,'''I had a very narrow-minded view on what was pretty and what wasn't. I automatically thought that tanned was attractive.''' ,'''I don't ever want to work on something unless I feel really passionate about it and know I can give everything to it; otherwise it's not truthful and I hate that.''' ,'''I don't care if something's from Primark or Prada, it's about if you like it, wear it.''' ,'''People on radio and television started making nasty comments about me and I felt awful. Turning from a teenager into a woman is hard enough without dealing with snide comments.''' ,'''I think so many women out there start with a lot of insecurities about their skin tone and whatever it is about their hair or whatever is they feel a little bit uncomfortable with.''' ,'''I felt embarrassed about how my body looked being so pale.''' ,'''In a way Girls Aloud were the first wave of modern celebrity. When we started out there were no camera phones clicking away.''' ,'''I tend to colour my hair myself with an at-home Wella dye. It allows me to control how red my hair is.''' ,'''I used to use a sunbed after school. It wasn't a regular thing, but I'd go in wearing my uniform. No one ever stopped me. No one told me it was dangerous.''' ,'''I have very sensitive skin and every time I have a facial it makes it worse, so I tend to avoid them.''' ,'''As I got older, I realised fake tan was rather messy and I wanted to look cleaner, classier and more demure.''' ,'''Me whole life, me whole childhood, me whole growing up, the competitions I went for and the weekends doing the dancing and all the shows, was to be a singer.''' ,'''I feel like I had quite a bad time from about 2003 to 2007.''' ,'''When you're confident about something, people can't bully you about it.''' ,'''We had to struggle for what we've learned, but we're so thankful.''' ,'''No matter how much control you have or how much confidence, it's always in someone else's hands, all the time. That's the scariest thing about this industry. It's so political.''' ,'''Ultimately I'm quite a strong person.''' ,'''I was aware that there weren't many make up brands that catered for women for extra pale skin so I feel proud that I've been the person to do it.''' ,'''It was weird. I joined this band because my life was all about singing. Then Girls Aloud became successful, and suddenly it wasn't just about being able to sing any more. It turned into a beauty contest.''' ,'''I had to learn to have confidence.''' ,'''Clothes have helped me a lot, they helped fix my identity crisis.''' ,'''In an arena, with Girls Aloud, it's a big production and you don't have time to talk to the crowd about the songs.''' ,'''I'm one of four so I'm very family orientated. Me, my sister and my two little brothers are like the four musketeers; it's us against everyone else. We're like a little pack.''' ,'''I love Rodial, their products are amazing.''' ,'''I like my food and I eat a lot.''' ,'''In any social situation I'd much rather be on the periphery of things than at the centre. When I'm standing at the edge I'm comfortable in my own skin. When I'm standing in the middle it's all confusion.''' ,'''It's inevitable that if you write an album or a song, obviously it's going to come from how you feel. You're writing it for yourself, it's just the way it is.''' ,'''I was very young when I was using fake tan and I didn't care.''' ,'''You spend so much time in a studio writing for other people, you forget you sing, you know?''' ,'''We've got ourselves into a very vain state of society and there's more important things.''' ,'''I was never bullied at school.''' ,'''Whenever I've been in the studio with Little Mix I've had the best time ever.''' ,'''Being singled out as 'The Ugly One' led to depression.''' ,'''I'm not safe with fashion, and I haven't been for a long time.''' ,'''I feel that all girls like clothes and I'm more of a creative person. If it's writing the album or developing the makeup range, it's just about being creative. That for me is where I am happiest.''' ,'''I used to always wear jeans, T-shirts and tracksuits because I was narrow-minded about fashion.''' ,'''I got to a really dark place when it came to wanting to be tanned, really disliking my natural skin tone. I was listening to the wrong people and all sorts of people were passing judgement on my appearance.''' ,'''I think if you're happy and you're a nice person and you have a nice personality that always shines through.''' ,'''I'm just the biggest Kanye fan. I think he's a genius.''' ,'''I've always been a keen observer of people.''' ,'''I like everything to be natural... believable.''' ,'''I'm one of those people who likes to be the only redhead in the village.''' ,'''I'm frightened of the dark.''' ,]
+++