+++
author = "Carly Schroeder"
title = "Carly Schroeder Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Carly Schroeder Quotes"
keywords = "carly schroeder,carly schroeder quotes,carly schroeder quote,carly schroeder sayings,carly schroeder saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Harrison Ford is absolutely amazing. He is a Hollywood icon, and just to work with him was absolutely incredible.''' ,'''I never watch MTV. I don't have time to watch TV. And when I do, I'm watching the Discovery Channel. 'Deadliest Catch: Crab Fishing in Alaska,' that's my show.''' ,'''Everybody always talks about how they can't wait until they turn 18, so they can go out on their own and get their own apartment, and I'm like, 'I want to be with Mom!' I have it good.''' ,'''You really can't do a remake. I mean, 'King Kong' needed its turn to be remade. It needed an update. But the 'Bad News Bears,' or 'The Shaggy D.A.,' those are classic movies. I think they did a good job of remaking them, but it's just not the same thing. Nobody can top Tatum O'Neal. It just isn't the same.''' ,'''I think it's really important to give back and show other people that you care.''' ,'''I think that's a great opportunity, to pick a script where you can build up a good skill. I think the main thing I look for when I look at scripts is if it's inspirational. If it's something that teenagers can relate to. And is it something that the audience is going to get something out of. If not, then it's really not worth doing.''' ,'''I would never try and do a remake off a movie. I think that's a whole different thing. I think everyone will always remember the first movie, and they will always compare it with the second one.''' ,'''I've now been doing this for ten years, and I actually got to skip a stage of going to casting directors, and now I meet with the directors, either for lunch or an audition room, and I still read sides; you're never going to get around that, but I'm not the best person to go on an audition.''' ,'''Just getting to wake up and play somebody else for an entire day is just an amazing thing.''' ,'''I'm really a family girl. My mom's like, 'As soon as you're on your own, we're going to move back to Indiana.' Well, that might be when I'm 26.''' ,'''I've always been more of a camera hog than anything, and it's just another way to get it all out!''' ,]
+++