+++
author = "Alexandre Desplat"
title = "Alexandre Desplat Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Alexandre Desplat Quotes"
keywords = "alexandre desplat,alexandre desplat quotes,alexandre desplat quote,alexandre desplat sayings,alexandre desplat saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I lived in the Caribbean when I was a teenager, so I learned about Salsa and Cha-Cha and all these Latin Afro-Cuban music like Gillespie and Duke Ellington, also bridged with Jazz. But my mother is Greek, and so I've also listened a lot to Greek music. And through the years to Balcanic music to Arabic music because my father loved music from Egypt.''' ,'''I'm not a script composer. I'm a film composer and my brain is excited by images and moving elements.''' ,'''When you compose, it's like writing. You're like a writer. You just think all the time.''' ,'''Every director has his own syntax, his own grammar, his own words.''' ,'''Even when he transposes Roald Dahl's 'Fantastic Mr. Fox,' he injects so much of his own personality and his own world that it becomes a Wes Anderson story, and you forget that Roald Dahl is behind the story. That's the proof of great directors to be able to digest and recreate sometimes a classic.''' ,'''I always try to approach a film from the point of view of the director.''' ,'''I guess the passion I have for cinema is as strong as the one that I have for music. And I've always tried to be a character in the film, not just a composer that throws his music to the film. That's the main element that connects me with directors.''' ,'''The goal is to make the music really a part of the skin of the film, and not be detached.''' ,'''We will always hear the vibrations of Ennio's music and feel it in our hearts.''' ,'''Well, I consider myself as much as a filmmaker as a moviegoer.''' ,'''I've been very lucky early on to be surrounded when I was a child by music from various countries. My parents would listen to a lot of music coming from other universes.''' ,'''Godzilla' took two months because it required a two-hour-plus score. 'Imitation Game' was three weeks.''' ,'''I always try to develop a good relationship with the director on any film and make sure that we want the same things and we're talking about the same ideas, and that gives me great protection.''' ,'''I just write from dawn to dusk.''' ,'''French horn can be very epic, and at the same time, very dark and moving.''' ,'''The great directors, I've learned, have a great sense of rhythm.''' ,'''There's a jazz influence in my music in general.''' ,'''My art is applied to another art which is cinema, that makes my life much easier.''' ,'''In my early teens, I started collecting soundtrack albums.''' ,'''Well I never play back my music, just so you know, it's there sitting in my drawers and what I remember is that, what I can say is that there are steps, you know, moments in my life where I know that one score was a new chapter. I can say that 'Read My Lips,' by Jacques Audiard, 'Sur Mes Levres' was a chapter.''' ,'''My parents had a lot of movie soundtracks that they brought back from the States. So very early on I heard film music at home.''' ,'''It's not unusual to have only three weeks to score a picture. And that's three weeks from signing on to finishing the last recording session. That's how I did 'The Queen' and, more recently, it's how I did 'The Imitation Game.'''' ,'''I'm scared each time I start a movie, believe me. There's always a moment of panic when you're not sure if you're going to be able to meet the deadline.''' ,'''As a child brought up in Paris, I dreamed of America, that lost world my parents had left behind - it was in my genes. Plus, American music has always been close to my own aesthetic, because of the mix of symphonic music with jazz.''' ,'''When synthesizers appeared everyone was a composer suddenly.''' ,'''I just work 18 hours a day, every day. And I don't go on holidays. And so, I guess I will die young.''' ,'''To this day, I still travel with scores. Every time I'm on a plane - it could be Stravinsky or Mozart or Ravel.''' ,'''I've never been into monster movies, not my cup of tea.''' ,'''If I wanted an open space, I could do a documentary about fishes. Then I would have an open space to play my music. That's not how I visualize the work I'm doing.''' ,'''I started piano like my sisters. After one year or two, I didn't like it anymore. Then, because I like trumpet, I played the cornet. When you are 7, you can't play trumpet - you play cornet. And something didn't go well. The teacher was too hard. Too rough. Suddenly, there was this instrument, the flute, that I could immediately play.''' ,'''Every film is a human encounter. It's people trying to collaborate and create something together.''' ,'''I was raised by women. I have my parents, but I have two older sisters and I would learn from them about what is a female and what is a girl and what is an adolescent and what is a young woman and I was very close to them.''' ,'''Certainly 'Zero Dark Thirty' is not for children!''' ,'''Composing is to think. It is to have your mind trying to find what is the best sound that the movie is going for: the best melody, the best texture, the best structure and dramaturgic arc for the film. Then you discuss that with the director. He's the leader. He's the one showing you the path to follow to find the soul of the film.''' ,'''I can't watch a movie where the actors are great and the photography sucks.''' ,'''The main difference I'd say is that European cinema has always used less music than American cinema for historical reasons.''' ,'''It could be sci-fi, love story, historical drama what counts for me is the fact that they're made by great directors with a great point of view who bring the audience to be elevated and at the same time entertained. That's what cinema is.''' ,'''When I was 15, I was not living with my parents anymore. They were on an island in the Caribbean and I was back in Paris, where I lived with my sisters between 15 and 19.''' ,'''I don't know if I would write an opera, maybe because of the words. But yes, I would be really excited to do it. I would certainly write a ballet or... I've done a lot of stage before.''' ,'''For me, comic scores always have to have some melancholy in the background.''' ,'''Berlin was the first, the very first to give me an award. I am eternally grateful to them. It sits on my desk - the Silver Bear. All the others are stored away. It's the only one I look at. It watches me while I work.''' ,'''That's the main lesson I've learned from working in the theater: respect the dramaturgy. I don't want to overwhelm everything with music.''' ,'''It's not easy to write an understated score over a loud one.''' ,'''The first thing is, you can't write movie music if you don't know how to write quickly.''' ,'''Music has to deal with silence. Music has to deal with time.''' ,'''I always tend to think that composing is not playing an instrument, composing is having something in your head that's steaming and it has to go out. It has to become sounds and be written. It's an emotion that you can't repress.''' ,'''I always say that to compose is to think. Playing is good, it's useful, but it's how your intellect puts the ideas together that will bring hands to write or to play. So, it's really a combination of many things; hearing sounds, hearing layers of counterpoints, of chords.''' ,'''Music for films allow a great deal of diversity and the more you widen your skills, the better you become.''' ,'''In 'Secret Life of Pets,' it's a huge orchestra - really, really big.''' ,'''I'm there to tailor something very precisely and something very subtly to dialogue and the actor's energy. I'm there to bring out something that isn't spoken. 'King's Speech' is the perfect film to do it.''' ,'''I know 'Valerian' didn't do very well in America, but I think it's because of the lack of knowledge of these graphic novels which came out in the mid-60s.''' ,'''I've always loved mixing Middle Eastern instruments into a classical orchestra.''' ,'''I've loved Japanese culture for a long, long time, from doing martial arts, to the block prints, to the music. It's a country that I love, and a culture that I love.''' ,'''Musicals are made of several climaxes that keep growing and growing; when you think it's over, it still continues growing up in plateaus.''' ,'''I remember when I saw 'King's Speech' or 'Girl With the Pearl Earring;' there are moments in my life where I was blown away and thought, 'Wow, that's why I chose to be a film composer.' These films are so beautiful and so strong, and the music can be very much part of the emotion.''' ,'''I've always been a film lover - that's why I've always wanted to write music for films.''' ,'''I never dreamed of writing for concert or opera. I always dreamed, if I was a composer, to write music for films.''' ,'''I knew how incredibly rich 'Valerian' was visually and the adventures the heroes go through. They are one of a kind. They have nothing that you can compare with DC or Marvel. They're not superheroes they're just heroes but they're also human beings. And there was also something there that I always liked. In these novels, there was a lot of humor.''' ,'''I always try to do movies that are different from the ones I've done before.''' ,'''When Wes has a new a project, you know that it's going to be something as different as the previous was from the previous one. Each time, he tries to take you to a country, or a land that is unknown for you and for him, and reinvent this land. That's what he did with 'Darjeeling,' with 'Mr. Fox,' with 'Moonrise Kingdom.'''' ,'''Yea, there is no way you can get away from critics. It's all over the net. Sometimes it's useful to read things, good or bad. Sometimes it's painful. Sometimes it stupid because they say stupid things.''' ,'''I don't think I would deliver the best work if I would do several projects at the same time. So it's one at a time, but I work a lot. I work nonstop actually, but that's what I like.''' ,'''There are some moments in your life and in your career when you meet a movie and the director that suddenly just turns you to another dimension.''' ,'''Argo' was a very exciting project for me because I knew that I could mix together influences from my youth as a young musician and a young composer.''' ,'''I have no favorite museum, but it could be the National Gallery in London; it could be the Palais de Tokyo in Paris. Every city has a great museum.''' ,'''I've scored all the movies that Jacques Audiard has directed. It's a long love story between us, trying to find a voice that would belong to his films only.''' ,'''Music is never inherently funny!''' ,'''I usually like to introduce the film and the music with the opening titles. It's a great help for a composer to bring the audience into the work that we're going into.''' ,'''A film is a film and it has to be good to be inspired. That's number one. It can be Italian, French, German, American. It's moving images in front of you and with a strong director who injects his point of view and artistry.''' ,'''It was quite frightening to be asked to write the music of a Western because there are so many things that you can refer to that can be cliche, and that could really poison your mind, from Morricone, to Bernstein, to Neil Young. So much music has been written for Westerns, that you wonder how you're going to find a new or different idea.''' ,'''If you're a director and you pay homage to Japan, you're definitely going to remember what you've learned from watching the Japanese masters' films.''' ,'''Some films that I love, I love them also because of the music. 'Vertigo,' for example, is a movie where the music is doing 70 percent of the job.''' ,'''I saw the finished version of 'The French Dispatch' quite a while ago, and it's just amazing. It's so incredibly strong and different... the way that Wes is expanding his talents to another dimension with each film is just wow.''' ,'''I think great scores have to be noticed, but they're wrong when you hear the music come in.''' ,'''Because I work so much, people think that I have a team writing for me, but that's not why I chose to write music for films. I chose to write music because I like to write music. So every single note that comes out of my studio is written by me, and I wouldn't be able to do two movies at the same time.''' ,'''When you work on animation, the music has a great task: to create a sound and melodies and mood and atmosphere and energy dedicated to these extraordinary characters.''' ,'''I wanted to be a film composer because I heard scores that could stand alone, from 'Vertigo' to 'Star Wars' to 'La Dolce Vita,' because this music has so much history. They're weighed with the history of music. They come from somewhere, they have a past.''' ,'''I remember my sisters, they loved a movie called 'The Naked Island.' And the flute was actually playing the main theme. A Japanese movie. A beautiful movie from 1961. I remember hearing this music with a flute many, many times a day at home.''' ,'''My training in music has been very eclectic - as first a flute player from classical chamber music to jazz, Greek, Brazilian and African music to contemporary concert music.''' ,'''When you have the chance to work with Wes Anderson, with Stephen Frears and Chris Weitz and Roman Polanski and Terrance Malick you don't say no.''' ,'''Mozart for me is the No. 1 composer. His music is not just joy or sadness. It's deep emotion with a touch of lightness, which is the most difficult thing to do.''' ,'''Without fear you can't explore or push yourself beyond what you've done.''' ,'''Well I think usually I would do six or even 10 scores a year. Some are big films and some are not.''' ,'''I'm being offered great movies by great directors and that's what I love, that's what I've dreamed to do, and that's what I do all day long. So I have to do it.''' ,'''You need to be in danger; otherwise, you get old.''' ,'''I've been pretty lucky to work with directors who were quite influenced by European cinema.''' ,'''Some directors can become concerned when it comes to music, because it's the end of the process and they're tired. They're worried that the music will intrude or waste something, that a composer will overwhelm the story.''' ,'''I liked 'The Darjeeling Limited' very much. There was a melancholy about that film that I liked.''' ,'''Francois Truffaut's 'The Soft Skin' starts with a very mundane scene of a family and a man driving to the airport. Yet the music is like a thriller, and you don't understand why. It's not until later that you learn it's because the movie is a thriller.''' ,'''I played the piccolo in the 'Ides of March' and 'The Fantastic Mr. Fox' score.''' ,'''When a theme is beautiful, it's a pleasure to rearrange it or to interweave it with your own music.''' ,'''You do movies because you love movies and you write music because you love writing music, and sometimes there's this magic combination.''' ,'''In a time when directors did not fear composers with a strong voice, Morricone wrote scores like operas or symphonies, with passion, scope, bravura and intelligence.''' ,'''It's most difficult to score a comedy. Where are the limits? When does music become gimmicky or stupidly funny?''' ,'''It's not about what's a good or bad score at the Oscars, rather what's exposed to the ears more.''' ,'''My education as a film composer, you can't not - if you like the orchestra like I do, if you are a symphonist like I am - you can't not listen to John Williams' work.''' ,'''Music can make you go from sadness to an immense sadness. There is a limit; if you go too far, it becomes schmaltzy.''' ,'''I'm a flutist so I know what they can deliver in terms of texture and sound and blurriness and softness. It's a very soft instrument.''' ,'''There's a quality to the sound of a trumpet that you can really twist for any kind of sound and mood that you want to create.''' ,'''On 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' I must insist that the sounds of the instrumentation are crucial to reflect what the movie should convey in terms of energy and emotion. It's not just the melody or the tune.''' ,]
+++