+++
author = "Jencarlos Canela"
title = "Jencarlos Canela Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Jencarlos Canela Quotes"
keywords = "jencarlos canela,jencarlos canela quotes,jencarlos canela quote,jencarlos canela sayings,jencarlos canela saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never pictured myself as a telenovela galan - never imagined I'd be in a soap opera.''' ,'''I have a dad-ager. My dad is really good at the business end of things. But it's really a family affair. My mother handles all my social media stuff - Facebook, Twitter, e-mails, that kind of thing.''' ,'''I started in music and that's my forte and that's what I've always done and where I'm heading.''' ,'''The Olympics show that your dream can come true if you work hard. It's not impossible.''' ,'''Not many shows bring fans and artists together, and 'Rock Dinner' is one of the few shows that does it. Every opportunity I get to get closer to one of my fans - and get to know them and talk to them - I'm always going to take that opportunity with arms wide open and make it a priority.''' ,'''My career did start in the Spanish language industry, and that's probably because my father is my manager. He pushed my career in the direction he knew best.''' ,''''Suena' is what the essence of the Olympics are about. There are the best athletes in the world up on one stage. The love and admiration and respect for each other is amazing to see.''' ,'''My beautiful son... I can't wait to see his face, hug him, and spend time with him.''' ,'''My first language is both English and Spanish. My mom was raised in Los Angeles, so with her we spoke English, but my father was born in Cuba, so with him we spoke Spanish.''' ,'''It's a great experience. Every time I see the belly getting bigger, and I see the sonogram and I hear his heartbeat, I'm like 'Oh, man.'''' ,'''When we put music on, he kind of kicks in the belly, and it's cool to see how he's not even born yet, but he's already responding to the music. When I talk to him, he kicks as well. It's a very deep connection that I have with my son already and he's not even born. So I'm loving it.''' ,'''It's an honor for me to have the opportunity to work with Emilio Estefan.''' ,'''When I was five or six, I asked to sing at a big family party, and ever since I got up there in front of everyone in my suit - it had a blue collar, like in 'Scarface' - I had the bug.''' ,'''I only respond to Telemundo when it's about novellas, in regards to music or movies they have nothing to do with it; that's mine.''' ,'''I was a musician first before anything.''' ,]
+++