+++
author = "Cassie Scerbo"
title = "Cassie Scerbo Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Cassie Scerbo Quotes"
keywords = "cassie scerbo,cassie scerbo quotes,cassie scerbo quote,cassie scerbo sayings,cassie scerbo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It really bothers me when a guy is controlling. Don't just say 'I'm picking the place' - ask me where I want to go!''' ,'''I'm a tomboy at heart, and I've got the battle wounds to prove it!''' ,'''One of my all-time favorite workouts is boxing.''' ,'''As long as you feel confident, you're going to look beautiful. You don't need to be a stick figure to be beautiful.''' ,'''Push-ups are seriously the best way to tone your arms - and they tone your abs at the same time! I like to do them when I'm home watching TV or listening to music.''' ,'''I'm such a closeted nerd.''' ,'''I love to work out outside. Hiking is such a great workout for your lower body.''' ,'''When I was 20 I was like, 'I'm not a teenager anymore. I got this.' But when I look back I'm like, 'Oh no. Oh no. You did not.'''' ,'''Acting's all about stepping out of the box, so I don't want to go to work every day and play Cassie Scerbo at all.''' ,'''I'm an absolute clean freak. I'll go to my friends' houses and even start cleaning. I'm such a granny at heart. My couch is my best friend.''' ,'''I want people to see the action side of me. I love all of that stuff and it would be a dream to do that Lara Croft-type role.''' ,'''I have been obsessed with 'Full House' since I was five years old. I just can't stop watching the reruns!''' ,'''Everything on 'Sharknado' somehow, for some reason, something went wrong with everything. The days we had the water towers, they weren't working.''' ,'''What better way to work out than by the beach with my pup, Gucci? We power walk a bit, take in the beautiful beach air and constantly stop for some water so that all 5 pounds of him doesn't over-heated!''' ,'''I'll be 50 years old and still have to call my mom when I'm home at night. No matter what time, she doesn't sleep until I do!''' ,'''I was born in New York and raised in South Florida, so I'm an East Coast girl.''' ,'''Whatever I do in life, my parents always taught me to focus on that, and they never let me quit.''' ,'''Breakfast is my favorite way to start off the day. This is usually what I order every morning on set: egg whites scrambled with broccoli and a side of well-done turkey bacon. Sometimes I add a bit of feta cheese.''' ,'''I always find sports-related ways to stay in shape.''' ,'''This funny little film we did called 'Sharknado' has caused so much buzz, I would have never imagined. It's literally caused more buzz than anything else I've ever done. I had no idea that it was going to turn into this phenomenon.''' ,'''I clean out my house weekly. I just keep a lot of silly little things that are meaningful to me.''' ,'''Your body is your machine - you need your fuel.''' ,'''I definitely believe in type casting. If you're a girl with bleach-blonde hair, everyone automatically thinks 'prom queen, cheerleader.' It just happens.''' ,'''I'm a total Twihard. I read all the books and saw every movie on opening night with my mom.''' ,]
+++