+++
author = "Kevin Reilly"
title = "Kevin Reilly Quotes"
quotes_len = "61"
description = "the best 61 Kevin Reilly Quotes"
keywords = "kevin reilly,kevin reilly quotes,kevin reilly quote,kevin reilly sayings,kevin reilly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Every television show is hard to do, but when you're in genre and you're recreating worlds and mythologies, they're particularly hard.''' ,''''Friday Night Lights' was never a break-out hit; I'll never regret doing that show.''' ,'''Fox was the challenger to cable before there was cable.''' ,''''Glee' is produced with three people and written by three people. In my mind, I don't believe there's any other show on television that was written by three people. The fact is there are shows that have 14, 15, or 16 people writing them.''' ,'''Nobody watches commercials if you ask them. Nevertheless, they watch commercials.''' ,'''It used to be a given that the talent and the talent agencies would line up around the broadcast pitch season first and then take whatever was still available out to cable. I hate to say it, but it's just not going down that way anymore. There are things that are bypassing the broadcast networks altogether.''' ,'''I remember coming up in the business and seeing how the grind turned some executives into grizzled cynics. And I vowed to never become that guy. I have always believed it's incumbent upon network brass to bring a wide-eyed optimism to the chairs they rent. Talent deserves that. And frankly, the jobs are just no fun otherwise.''' ,'''Whether Amazon is good at making and sustaining an entertainment business remains to be seen. But they certainly are 100% focused every day on optimizing the consumer experience and reducing friction.''' ,'''Is The 'X Factor' the mother of all shows? Absolutely!''' ,'''I love my job, but I'd really love my job if I didn't have to live and die by ratings every day.''' ,'''Trying to find big hits has always been a needle-in-a-haystack endeavor.''' ,'''I'm trying to be a broadcaster and have a big cultural impact.''' ,'''Creative content is challenging, no matter what, and animation is particularly challenging.''' ,'''The biggest move that put Fox on the map, from an entertainment perspective, was when 'The Simpsons' moved to Thursday night, and that was paired with 'Martin' and 'Living Single.'''' ,'''As the media landscape continues to evolve, 'Conan' will continue to lead the evolution of what a talk show will be in the digital age.''' ,'''I always believe that if you stick with quality and give people a chance at the time, that people eventually get on board with it. It's been my experience more than not. Once in a while, there's a show that you just can't seem to break through on.''' ,'''When you start to feel you're not coming to work with the same enthusiasm, maybe you shouldn't hang onto that job.''' ,'''Trying to make programs that are all things to everyone is not going to work.''' ,'''When you get these franchises with some built in profiles and anticipation... I think the anticipation and the buildup can can exceed the delivery.''' ,'''TV has so many access points, so many availabilities. DVR, binge viewing.''' ,'''Success is often built on the shoulders of failure - from which new configurations emerge.''' ,'''I've respected the people that I've worked for, and they've been supportive and respectful of me.''' ,'''How people watch and the different ways they connect to TV - you're going to see some expansion and radical transformation.''' ,'''People love television; they're watching a lot of it in a lot of ways.''' ,'''TV has always been a dog-eat-dog game.''' ,'''The way television is done, you're kind of set on a certain path, and then episodic directors come in every week to try to recreate that.''' ,'''Unfortunately, there is no 'X Factor U.S.A.' without Simon Cowell.''' ,'''Narrative storytelling is wired into our humanity.''' ,'''One thing that cable has done is trained the audience that, when a TV show is on, it should be on.''' ,'''One of the things I truly enjoy about my job is the dynamic nature of having a foot in each world - the world of the talent, who create our product - and the world of our business in which we market, distribute, and monetize that product.''' ,'''Producing a drama is particularly difficult.''' ,'''It's really the rare creator who can tell you where he's going to end the season of 22 episodes. That's not bad. That's part of the creative exploration.''' ,'''I love talent because they are passionate. They can be emotional and irrational and unpredictable... and that's okay, because all we want is something exciting on the page and on the screen.''' ,'''I, for one - I'm not a believer that, now that the Facebooks and Googles and everyone is entering the content fray, that it's a foregone conclusion that they're just going to get it right and be amazing at it. It's really hard.''' ,'''We're in the culture business. You are constantly monitoring cultural shifts, current events, shifts in mores, things that reflect society, and, at times, we try to drive it.''' ,'''As an industry, when you're in the talent business, we are way too obsessed on the competition with each other and not enough with the consumer.''' ,'''Before there was cable, Fox was cable.''' ,'''I'm a believer in broadcast.''' ,'''NBC, for me, is like the crazy ex-wife that I can't get away from.''' ,'''Producing a one-hour show that has to reinvent musical numbers, and interpret those musical numbers with a large cast, is difficult.''' ,'''What the hell is pilot season? It's an artificial boundary that makes no sense, and it makes you do things under duress.''' ,'''I've spent a lot of time encouraging, corralling, protecting, and sparring with creative people.''' ,'''It's always a good problem to have to hear people saying they want to see more.''' ,'''The one thing that I'm really obsessed with is multi-camera comedy. It is a form that is unique to network television.''' ,'''I love TV. Always have. Since my mother told me to stop sitting so close and watching so much.''' ,'''You always want to trust talent; that's the best thing.''' ,'''It's very nice to be part of an organization that you enjoyed and respected.''' ,'''I still love a great pilot as much as I did the day I started at NBC.''' ,'''While I felt like we potentially had something really huge in 'Gotham,' you're always nervous that it won't live up.''' ,''''The Walking Dead' is an extraordinary thing.''' ,'''There are not going to be hundreds of cable networks doing original programming; they won't be able to sustain the model.''' ,''''Surviving Jack' was actually a really nice show that was very well-run creatively.''' ,'''Some of the greatest shows in history - 'Seinfeld,' 'Everybody Loves Raymond' and 'House' - had puny starts but the benefit of schedule protection, increasingly scarce in today's DVR world. Cable nets can tolerate small ratings, building hits in progress like 'Breaking Bad,' or marathon their way to a 'Duck Dynasty.'''' ,''''Fringe' has been a point of pride. I share the passion for the show that the fans have.''' ,'''If what you're doing today isn't vital, you're certainly not going to have a seat at the table in determining what's going to happen tomorrow.''' ,'''Creating more direct relationships with consumers, utilizing the resulting data and insights, is increasingly more valuable - and an evolution of the traditional competency of ad-supported television networks.''' ,'''The resilience of narrative storytelling and people's love affair with television is impressive.''' ,'''I do believe that the audience is capable of embracing quality. But a lot of times, they'll be like, 'Why isn't there ever anything good on TV? Put something good on.' 'Uh, if you watched this, it would help.'''' ,'''Rather than make 20 things and throw them at the wall and hope you get 6 that maybe feel like keepers, why not focus?''' ,'''The 10 million views on YouTube are... worthless to us as a business.''' ,'''Pilots are useful. You just learn things during a pilot - the piece of casting that just wasn't right or things about the storytelling nature.''' ,]
+++