+++
author = "John Galliano"
title = "John Galliano Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 John Galliano Quotes"
keywords = "john galliano,john galliano quotes,john galliano quote,john galliano sayings,john galliano saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love New York. But the energy is so intense.''' ,'''I don't care about money. I really don't care. I just want to do what I do.''' ,'''But I'm not an artist. Maybe an artist with a small a.''' ,'''I'm an accomplice to helping women get what they want.''' ,'''But I'm going to be a real good boy and take it day by day and try to concentrate on what's most important to me, and that's offering women a service.''' ,'''My dresses are very reasonably priced, for dresses that are cut on the body.''' ,'''I believe in discipline, so I'm not the right person to cry about weakness and things like this, but maybe I'm not human.''' ,'''I'm ready to create.''' ,'''I have a very haute couture way of working.''' ,'''I'm passionate and I travel the world not just as a tourist but to understand cultures... I've lived with Masai tribe... I travel the world and bring it back in the form of a research book that would become the starting point for the collection.''' ,'''Sure, I'd like to be like the House of Chanel.''' ,'''I was never honest. My father died, and I had never said to him, 'I'm gay.' I knew what I was, but I had to pretend not to be that to avoid the beatings.''' ,'''I have learned so much about myself. I have re-discovered that little boy who had the hunger to create, which I think I had lost.''' ,'''I don't love dolls. I love women. I love their bodies.''' ,'''I've treated the waistcoat as if it were a corset, so that it becomes the first layer in the process of putting clothes on the body. There is constant motion between layering and revealing.''' ,'''If I didn't already sense that I was different, I certainly was reminded, whether by my parents or by the other school kids. Not just reminded. Told... I was made to believe it wasn't right. If I went a little bit too off - slap! It was Dad's upbringing and it was Victorian, and that's the way he was.''' ,'''Fashion is a very stressful place to work because of the demands of doing the shows - no one expects a writer to produce two books a year on the dot - but it's also a very toxic place to work.''' ,'''Yeah, that's what I'm working for. The couture house of the future.''' ,'''Men don't want another man to look at their woman because they don't know how to handle it.''' ,'''Women are women, and hurray for that.''' ,'''I listen and talk to God daily.''' ,'''Men have got more of a discerning eye. They appreciate cut and details, things that aren't so obvious. They like things that have cachet and gentlemanliness.''' ,'''I have all my life fought against prejudice, having been subjected to it myself.''' ,'''Dressing up. People just don't do it anymore. We have to change that.''' ,'''There's room for the Gap, but the joy of dressing is an art.''' ,'''Above all, John Galliano menswear is all about good design. And men have been short-changed by good design for too long.''' ,'''The problem is with men. I know I shouldn't say this, but they've shrouded and hidden women to hide their incompetence.''' ,'''You're only as good as your last collection, which is an enormous pressure.''' ,]
+++