+++
author = "Sai Pallavi"
title = "Sai Pallavi Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Sai Pallavi Quotes"
keywords = "sai pallavi,sai pallavi quotes,sai pallavi quote,sai pallavi sayings,sai pallavi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I hardly use cuss words.''' ,'''The overwhelming love Tamil audiences gave 'Premam' will always remain special.''' ,'''Films do have a very big impact on the youth, but the youth do have the quality to differentiate what is right and what is wrong!''' ,'''Working with Suriya is like a dream-come-true moment for me. I've been following Suriya's films right from my childhood.''' ,'''I'm not a trained actor. I surrender to my directors, and they make me act.''' ,'''I'm not going to comment on whether I support vegetarianism or non-vegetarianism; it's just that I feel I'm fit because I'm a vegetarian.''' ,'''I was sent off to study in Georgia to keep me from movies. When I outgrow this film career, I will become a practicing doctor. I want to specialize in cardiology.''' ,'''I love dancing, and I dance for my own happiness.''' ,'''I prefer to do roles that I can relate to.''' ,'''I always wanted to create awareness and spread the word that it is important to respect one's own body and work towards its well-being.''' ,'''I grew up believing I sounded like a boy.''' ,'''When I am in India, I feel pampered. However, when I am In Georgia, I am on my own, as I have to cook and do things all by myself. However, that gives me an independent feeling.''' ,'''When I read the script of 'Karu,' there was a spark within, and I instantly connected with the story. I was emotionally attached to the story. After we finished shooting, I was so attached to the kid who played my daughter, I wanted to adopt her. That's how strong my emotional attachment was with the role and the story.''' ,'''If your director knows what he wants on screen, it makes things easier.''' ,'''People in my family don't watch films that much.''' ,'''Fashion is comfort for me: being comfortable in what you are wearing. Because if you wear a designer gown and you aren't comfortable in it, it will show.''' ,'''Somewhere it was written that October 18th is my birthday, and some people flew to Georgia to wish me! They came to my college, spoke to my professor, found out where I lived, and they were at my doorstep! I was shocked!''' ,'''Success and failure is temporary. So don't let them get to you.''' ,'''When I work, I enjoy myself and feel happy.''' ,'''When you work with someone like Dulquer Salmaan, you tend to get a bit intimidated.''' ,'''I was drawn to medicine because I'm fond of serving. In college, we go to the orphanage every week, see patients first-hand.''' ,'''The films you do are not just for the audience. As an actor, you are putting your heart and soul into them.''' ,'''I've turned down a few roles because I couldn't see myself in them.''' ,'''All my directors helped build my confidence.''' ,'''When I do a film, it is about how I become a character.''' ,'''I have never used makeup in my life. I'm not fond of it at all. I love myself the way I am, and I try my best not to use it - the only things I use are sun screen and eyeliner.''' ,'''People perceive actresses in a different manner when they are portrayed glamorously. I don't want that to happen with me.''' ,'''From a nobody, I seem to have become a celebrity of sorts overnight. I am dumbstruck and overwhelmed.''' ,'''I find happiness in the tiniest things.''' ,'''My mother insists women must have financial independence, which is why I completed my degree in medicine.''' ,'''I always go crazy over every scene and have to discuss it with my director many times. Even Sekhar Kammula, who directed me in 'Fidaa,' knows this.''' ,'''I believe if you are destined to do something, things will definitely happen.''' ,'''Surprisingly, no one has ever given me double-meaning dialogues or asked me to wear clothes I am not comfortable in. Everyone has been extremely sweet with me.''' ,'''I was keen on dancing, and acting offers were coming in. I was ready to enter the industry, but my parents felt I had to get educated. I protested, but now, I see their logic.''' ,'''When I choose a script, I ensure that I get to contribute to the film in some way and, in turn, grow as an actor in the process.''' ,'''I meditate. I need that time to stay true to who I am.''' ,'''I can't be an actress forever.''' ,'''I am a soft-type girl in real life.''' ,'''I was holding my mum's hands and praying. Will people accept me with my pimples and hoarse voice?''' ,'''Now I know that however big a film, you have every right over how you want to be seen on screen.''' ,'''I don't accept films just because they have star heroes in lead. I rejected a few big films because I didn't like the story.''' ,'''Since my childhood, I used to tell my parents to keep a tab on their health as if I was a doctor. Now I am officially one, and I hope my parents will finally take me seriously!''' ,'''I am not against remakes. What I feel is that they may not excite me much.''' ,'''I generally make a point to finish my shot in the initial couple of takes with the goal that the execution would be genuine, and it naturally makes a great deal of strain.''' ,'''I never think of myself as a heroine.''' ,'''Rejecting offers has not been easy for me, especially when the movies involve some of my favourite actors and directors.''' ,'''I drank tea for the first time during the shoot of 'Premam.'''' ,'''I have been saying 'no' to many projects ever since people accepted Malar from the movie 'Premam.'''' ,'''Naga Shaurya is a silent person and doesn't talk to anyone on the sets. But when he faces the camera, he is a different person altogether. As an actor, he is very mature.''' ,'''A while ago, I got a chance to learn tango for a performance in my college.''' ,'''I personally do not believe 'Premam' has influenced anyone in any way; it has just portrayed characters and is one man's story where he falls in love with his teacher, and I don't believe people would use this as a reason to imitate it.''' ,]
+++