+++
author = "Denny Hamlin"
title = "Denny Hamlin Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Denny Hamlin Quotes"
keywords = "denny hamlin,denny hamlin quotes,denny hamlin quote,denny hamlin sayings,denny hamlin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are people that live without ACLs all of the time and walk around and you never know the difference.''' ,'''Obviously the fuel mapping pace is a lot of what happens with your strategy, whether you choose to go full rich or not.''' ,'''When I feel comfortable in the car... I can do just about anything I need to do to be a race winner.''' ,'''I almost always remember a picture I took with someone. If they said, 'Hey, here's a picture of us from five years ago,' and if I look at the picture, I almost always remember that specific time.''' ,'''Outside of the track, I love sports.''' ,'''I believe in the NASCAR medical staff.''' ,'''It's easy to be optimistic when your car is fast.''' ,'''I'll win the Coca-Cola 600 and the Brickyard.''' ,'''I nearly slept through my entire senior year. I'm fairly convinced they just gave me a diploma just to get me out of school.''' ,'''I'd say probably Dale Earnhardt was the biggest autograph I got when I was a kid, mainly because it was so hard to get it. His lines were way longer and it nearly took an act of God to get his autograph.''' ,'''Championships, I get it, it's very, very important. But I also know that my competitors will probably say that I'm one of the toughest competitors and toughest guys to beat. That's all I really care about, is having the respect of them.''' ,'''I'm better off when I take a little break from racing now and then.''' ,'''I have a picture of Texas Motor Speedway with highlighted areas of the racetrack where there are no SAFER barriers - and it's an overwhelming amount of spots.''' ,'''Listen... it's one versus 38. You win 10% of the time, you're a Hall of Famer.''' ,'''Danica Patrick, even if she was not super successful results-wise, did a lot for our sport and its visibility. That was an element that fans really did appreciate, and it brought some awareness and different eyes to out sport.''' ,'''Obviously there's a big financial commitment when it comes to starting a Cup team.''' ,'''I'm the most underrated driver.''' ,'''The research center at VCU has really done a great job of welcoming us in and we've contributed a lot of money to them because they do a lot of the research for cystic fibrosis.''' ,'''I think I'm just quiet, and I don't talk a whole lot.''' ,'''I'm just more the consistently top-five guy. That's pretty much been my M.O. for my whole career.''' ,'''You think about someone's well-being or someone's health as obviously being way more important, than any sporting event you could win.''' ,'''I always have to work on my flexibility to help my back, and Pilates helps the most.''' ,'''You're a competitor, you want to win. Especially when you have a great opportunity to win.''' ,'''When two teams skirmish with each other or the two drivers don't like talking to each other, all you do is go backward. There's no doubt about it.''' ,'''I would say a lot of people think I'm too serious at times, but actually I feel like I'm the opposite away from the camera and everything. I feel like I have a good time, but you rarely see pictures of me in the garage with a smile on my face, even though I am happy. I guess I just don't always show it.''' ,'''If you had 25 races or 20 races, something like that, there'd be more of a demand for the race ticket. I think you'd probably see better racing because of it, too, honestly. Because the less chances we have to get wins, the more aggressive we're going to be.''' ,'''We try to do our best to give honest answers and sometimes those aren't always the best thing.''' ,'''There are a lot of people making money in NASCAR, so let's help it be SAFER barriers where they should be - especially at these very very fast racetracks.''' ,'''I never would consider any comparison to Mark Martin an insult. I'll take those comparisons all day because the guy is a... driver that nobody wanted to face.''' ,'''Communication is key to having a good team.''' ,'''I don't go into these Daytona 500s expecting to win. I go into it hoping to win, but definitely not expecting because there's just too many moving parts and pieces for you to guarantee your success.''' ,'''You've got to analyze and figure out where your deficits are and go to work on them, and then sometimes, it's how you respond that makes you a great leader or not.''' ,'''If anything during the playoffs, I try to golf more. I'll just do anything I can to be normal. I don't really designate any time differently or try to weed out distractions.''' ,'''As a Virginian, I am proud of Dominion and SunEnergy1 for bringing utility scale solar to the state.''' ,'''We're way underpaid as race car drivers.''' ,'''If you're relying on winning for happiness, you're going to be a miserable individual.''' ,'''The communication between the driver, the spotter and the crew chief is very key. You can't have people talking at the same time, so it's like a choreographed radio call of a baseball game.''' ,'''I've never been one of the top five or six most popular guys ever. I think the most popular I've ever been was probably my first two years in the Cup Series, and that's probably because they just - 'It's the new guy and he's successful and sure, we like him.'''' ,'''I'm different than the normal NASCAR driver, I listen to hip-hop music.''' ,'''It's interesting to see how guys who have been successful at the top level of their sport carry themselves.''' ,'''It's hard to find the motivation to perform at 100 percent when you're trying to find yourself, trying to figure out what feel you need, really when you feel like you're not racing for anything.''' ,'''I can pump myself and beat my chest all I want going into a racetrack, but when you haven't had success there, that means you don't know what feel you are looking for.''' ,'''It's something I've always done - speak my mind - and it's not always in my best interest to do that. But if someone asks me a question, I'm always going to give my 100 percent honest answer, and that's the best I can do.''' ,'''Richmond is just the ideal racetrack.''' ,'''If I play a round of golf with a pro, it's with Bubba Watson.''' ,'''Every time the races would come to Richmond, my mom would have a sheet of where each driver was doing appearances. And we'd go on a Thursday night road trip to each stop to get each driver's autograph.''' ,'''I like to make sure I eat as soon as the drivers meeting is over. Then I like to take at least a 15-minute nap or so before the race starts, just to kind of get refreshed. That's something I try to do every time.''' ,'''Back when I was racing go-karts, I would be a complete jokester. I'd crack up with the guys around me, I just was horsing around with everyone. But as soon as we got our go-karts to the grid and I put on my helmet, my daddy always used tell me, 'You turn into a completely different person.'''' ,'''I'd say most qualifying sessions in the Chase are about the only times I get nervous, because qualifying is so important. A lot of times, when you're fast in practice, you have to live back up to those expectations in actual qualifying.''' ,'''I think that sometimes you just have off years. That's just part of major sports. You have off years, and it happens.''' ,'''It doesn't hurt to have a little confidence in your team.''' ,'''I know at times I've been very guilty of being too honest at times or too opinionated at times and it costs you a nickel or two.''' ,'''I'm a competitor.''' ,'''I think my reputation among peers is probably different than my reputation among fans. My peers know me pretty well and so it's fairly accurate. I think I'm respected among my peers.''' ,'''I'm very confident I'll win my championship before my career is over.''' ,'''Somebody needs to cut their profit margin and contribute to making our sport safer.''' ,'''Mistakes happen in racing.''' ,'''I've had shoulder issues.''' ,'''Anytime you are superspeedway racing, we're messing around with inches here and when you feel like it's your friend that wrecked you, you get a little bit more upset.''' ,'''There's too much that I'd like to do outside of racing to do this until I'm 50 or whatever.''' ,'''Something about my personality fans just have not latched onto and probably never will.''' ,'''You normally can capitalize when your opponent makes mistakes, but at Talladega, you can't.''' ,'''Even in the middle of races, when things don't go well, I don't let it bother me nearly as much as I used to in the past.''' ,'''The Daytona 500 is always special.''' ,'''Distractions, for me, are a good thing, not a negative.''' ,'''I really like 'Million Dollar Listing Miami.'''' ,'''If I'm going to win a championship, I need to run top-five every week. I don't need to win every week.''' ,'''I'd rather run good and finish bad then run bad and finish a little better, honestly.''' ,'''I'll take every win I can.''' ,'''I like challenges, and Darlington is the biggest challenge on the circuit.''' ,'''I've taken quite a few risks on the ski slopes. Like if I'm a green-level skier, I'm going on the blacks just because it's hard and a challenge. That's probably not the best idea.''' ,'''I'd say I'm moody, I'd say I'm temperamental. But within my certain group of friends and family, I'm very open and outgoing and joke around a lot.''' ,'''Each driver has some particular style, and you compete against each driver in each race a little bit differently.''' ,'''I know that's what Goodyear wants and what NASCAR wants and what the drivers want as far as safety is concerned.''' ,'''There's no way I could put on running shoes and go out for a 5-mile run, but put a ball in my hand and I'll go for days. Or until I break something.''' ,'''There's no doubt, doing what we do, the schedule that we have and the danger that we incur every single week, NASCAR drivers should be making NBA, NFL money.''' ,'''I just hear Montreal is nice, especially during the summer months. It's supposed to be a clean city. The races I've watched up there, it always looked like a good time.''' ,'''Anytime you have adversity or something that you self-inflict on yourself, you typically always have a chip on your shoulder to make sure that you're not the weak link.''' ,'''Anytime you slow the speeds down, racing will always be better.''' ,'''Usually if I wreck someone, it's on purpose - because I don't wreck a lot of people.''' ,'''I always said when I was in Late Models, all I ever wanted was when I pull out on the racetrack, people feel like I'm the guy to beat.''' ,'''I think the reason I was successful in my rookie season is because I was having a lot of fun.''' ,'''There's no right way to do it or wrong way to do it - that's why so many drivers have been caught in wrecks at Talladega.''' ,'''I just constantly judge myself based off my performance. When performance isn't good, I let it bring everything down.''' ,'''I've paid hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines for Tweets and whatnot. I express my opinion.''' ,'''What people don't realize is they mistake my shyness for cockiness most of the time.''' ,'''I remember feeling my back break and I really didn't know if I'd ever race again.''' ,'''I never liked reading books or reading anything - I'm a pictures guy.''' ,'''We try 100% every single week to do the best job we can, but we always seem to find 10 more percent when we're faced with adversity.''' ,'''I think there's always debris around the track, without a doubt you can call anything debris.''' ,'''For a season, I would say driver is 40%, car/team is 40% and then 20% is luck when it comes to winning a championship.''' ,'''When you go an entire year or more without winning, it makes you appreciate when you get back there.''' ,'''I was 16. I wrecked my truck and the only way I could pay to fix it was to get a job. So I applied at a Subway.''' ,'''I think that it's a benefit to have distractions because you don't overconsume yourself with what-ifs and you end up second-guessing yourself.''' ,'''I've always been an introvert.''' ,'''I think our sport is much better off with a successful female driver in NASCAR.''' ,'''These short tracks are about patience. You have to show patience.''' ,'''Gosh, I'm so different from what I used to be.''' ,'''I like to get wild sometimes with my shoes, but I don't venture too far out with shoe colors.''' ,'''Luck is just a stupid word in racing.''' ,]
+++