+++
author = "Edward Enninful"
title = "Edward Enninful Quotes"
quotes_len = "76"
description = "the best 76 Edward Enninful Quotes"
keywords = "edward enninful,edward enninful quotes,edward enninful quote,edward enninful sayings,edward enninful saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was very honoured to be awarded an OBE in 2016 for my services to diversity in the fashion industry.''' ,'''I used to wear a lot of Helmut Lang. Painted jeans. Cropped crombies with t-shirts. A lot of V-necks. The perfect V-neck was very important.''' ,'''I realise I am stepping into the shoes of a hugely respected editor in the shape of Alexandra Shulman, someone who has chosen to leave at the top of their game with a legacy of 25 years of success.''' ,'''Diversity is very important for me.''' ,'''You never know where inspiration is going to come from.''' ,'''With Rihanna, it's always a collaboration, and that's why I love her so much.''' ,'''I don't think I'm in any way an icon, to be very honest.''' ,'''The white T-shirt is like a blank canvas - eternally versatile.''' ,'''Never forget that it sometimes takes a foreigner's eye to capture Britain most clearly.''' ,'''I'm very proud of the world that's embracing all these different ideas of what it is to be diverse, in 2017.''' ,'''I can tell you, without diversity, creativity remains stagnant.''' ,'''I'm really excited to see my vision for the 'British Vogue' team come to fruition.''' ,'''A lot of my friends, we all grew up sort of not very wealthy. And in England, whatever ends up being a negative, that's a positive.''' ,'''I'm so fascinated by the influence of social media on fashion. I've seen so many artists on Instagram, up and comers you would have never known otherwise.''' ,'''A queen does not wear clothes off the runways.''' ,'''I felt like I grew up with Bowie. I never dressed like him, even though I did love the music, but consistently throughout my career he has been a go-to reference point: The suit from 'Young Americans,' or the gold Missoni-type looks of Ziggy Stardust. 'The Berlin Years' still influences me.''' ,'''I've always been very fascinated by technology - the Internet, social media.''' ,'''I get nervous before every shoot. I'm really jealous of the people that can just rest on their laurels and say, 'I'm good; this is it.'''' ,'''The funny thing is that the fashions from the '90s seem to sit so well with the fashions of 2016. Everything from then somehow skipped and came back.''' ,'''I think if you're really good at what you do, you can see outside the box.''' ,'''I can't just go in and throw clothes at a picture. I still have to have some kind of an idea of a character, of who she is, where she's from. It's almost like playing a child's game. You have your dolls, and you create characters for them. Fashion indulged that in me.''' ,'''There's a lot of research and time that goes into my shoots. I spend weeks on them, even for one picture.''' ,'''People of power have to show empathy and kindness to the young.''' ,'''I was really sheltered growing up, with six brothers and sisters. We played together all the time, and I was living in a fantasy world, like most creative people.''' ,'''I grew up reading 'British Vogue' - I am so honoured and humbled to be taking up the mantle of editor.''' ,'''I love the optimistic American style that Gap celebrates and the simplicity of the basic white T-shirt that allows you to be yourself.''' ,'''I like to play with contrast. It's about changing people's perceptions of people.''' ,'''Prince was not scared. The first time I heard someone sing about AIDS, it was Prince: 'In France, a skinny man died of a big disease with a little name.' He was not afraid of taboos.''' ,'''I feel like when it comes to the models, certain models are now like commodities in certain ways.''' ,'''My mother was a seamstress, so I always grew up with her making clothes. I knew how to construct outfits. I knew how to sketch. I knew how to customise. But I could never imagine it as a career.''' ,'''My memories of London Fashion Week are of starting out and not getting many tickets for fashion shows, but wanting to see them so much that I'd sneak in with my friends, people like Pat McGrath and Craig McDean.''' ,'''For me, fashion succeeds when it says something about the times we live in.''' ,'''The more you style, the better you get. Don't give up. At a certain point, the magic happens.''' ,'''Social media is fine, depending on how you use it.''' ,'''I grew up in an African household, so lots of chicken, lots of rice. We ate Jollof rice, a very West African dish.''' ,'''I've learned to put a big value on having a life outside of fashion, and I think that's what's saved me, because the fashion industry can suck you in.''' ,'''I'd never seen anything like it in my life. Someone so blatantly challenging the ideas of race and gender and sexuality. In a way, it was comparable to David Bowie, except that Prince brought that to the black community.''' ,'''Coming from a family who put a lot of emphasis on academics, I always thought I was going to be a lawyer.''' ,'''I am black in a predominantly white industry, and I have been luckier than most.''' ,'''Being an immigrant and living in England, I feel like I lived in two worlds. There was the world that, when I was at school with my friends, was very English, and then I'd go home to another country, with exotic foods and colours. I have a sense of colour pairings, and that came from my background, I think.''' ,'''I take random inspiration from everywhere.''' ,'''I am definitely allergic to wheat. Every time I eat it, I feel awful.''' ,'''I don't think everything has to be new all the time. You don't have to have the latest designer all the time to look good. Just have things you're comfortable with, have key pieces that you can sort of reinvent over and over again, and always keep things that you really love for a while.''' ,'''When you start out in the industry and things are tough, and you're not really making money, you question yourself: should I give up?''' ,'''People like me thought America was the best place to be creative, to be free to create, to have the freedom to be who you are.''' ,''''British Vogue' is a great magazine with a legacy of creativity and innovation.''' ,'''My mother and father just taught me the basics: to be really kind, to really listen to people. I have never been one to put on airs and graces.''' ,'''My 'Vogue' is about being inclusive; it's about diversity. Showing different women, different body shapes, different races, class. To be tackling gender.''' ,'''When I started in the nineties, a sample size was a 4 and a 6.''' ,'''I come from a family who didn't have much money but raised me to believe that money wasn't the most important thing in the world. We had enough; we were happy.''' ,'''It was a whole new attitude: no makeup, less is more... the '90s were fun!''' ,'''I didn't grow up with money; I didn't come from a rich family. But what fashion gave me was an escape into a world of creativity: if I couldn't afford that Junior Gaultier jacket, then I'd get one from the market and customise it.''' ,'''In my work, I have always tried to push the boundaries of what fashion can do.''' ,'''I didn't know anything about the fashion industry until I met the stylist Simon Foxton on a Tube. I was 16, on my way to Kingsway College, and then my whole world opened up. Before that, like in every African family, you are meant to be a lawyer.''' ,'''The best photographers know how to light any color skin.''' ,'''I'm very protective of all the vulnerable young kids that go on shoots. I can empathize. I've been there.''' ,'''Change always takes time.''' ,'''When I was 18 years old, I moved into Neneh Cherry's house in Kensal Rise with Judy Blame and our friend Michael Boadi.''' ,'''I'm just propelled by insecurity; that's what really leads me to want to do better.''' ,'''By people getting together and celebrating this idea of togetherness, great things can happen.''' ,'''I grew up in west London, but my dad wouldn't let me go to school there, so I went in south London.''' ,'''Music, for me, is as important as fashion. The first visuals I remember are Elvis Presley, David Bowie, New Romantics, and different punk bands.''' ,'''Social media and technology are democratising and opening up fashion and the process of fashion for all - this has good and bad sides, but that comes with any change.''' ,'''The fashion industry needs to breed a whole different way of thinking. We need more diverse people working in all facets of the industry.''' ,'''There is nothing more classic in the realm of casual than jeans and a white tee - a look that is inherently Americana and reminiscent of the American Dream - an optimistic dream of opportunity, individuality, freedom, and the embodiment of one living their truth.''' ,'''If you put one model in a show or in an ad campaign, that doesn't solve the problem. We need teachers in universities. We need internships. We need people of different ethnic backgrounds in all parts of the industry. That really is the solution: you have to change it from the inside.''' ,'''I think fashion can tell a story about celebrating difference, can talk about how different people are, how diverse people are - and for me, that's where fashion really succeeds, when it tackles things to do with the world we live in.''' ,'''Kurt Cobain really made an impression on us. He just had that rebel attitude. You could tell he was super talented but didn't really care.''' ,'''When I was really young, I had an afro and wore pressed jeans and argyle sweaters. In my teens, I moved on to ripped Levi's jeans, white T-shirts, and cowboy boots.''' ,'''You could say slowly but surely, the world is changing in a good way - equality in all forms is more and more part of the global conversation, and people are celebrating diversity and individuality.''' ,'''When I was growing up, David Bowie was my idol. I grew up in inner-city London, and he was from Brixton, which is even more urban.''' ,'''Most of the time, working as a stylist, you're at home, working on your own, researching.''' ,'''When you leave your house in the morning, however you dress is the way you want the world to see you.''' ,'''Growing up, I loved the imagery I saw from America as it celebrated being the land of the free and home of the brave.''' ,'''I learned that fashion was about more than fancy images. That there was a business side as well.''' ,'''I want 'Vogue' to feel like a shop that you're not scared to walk into, one that's quite welcoming.''' ,]
+++