+++
author = "Mitch Grassi"
title = "Mitch Grassi Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Mitch Grassi Quotes"
keywords = "mitch grassi,mitch grassi quotes,mitch grassi quote,mitch grassi sayings,mitch grassi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's hard to pinpoint, but there's something really special about all-vocal music and Christmas music paired together. I'm not really sure what it is, but it's just a magical combination.''' ,'''I feel like my brand and Pentatonix brand sometimes don't really... they clash a little bit.''' ,'''An original album was always a goal for us, but I think we just wanted to garner a fan base and work up to it slowly, because it's not an easy thing to tackle.''' ,'''Live music is so important. Growing up, it was so important for me to go out and see it, and it inspired me.''' ,'''I like to believe that the voice is the most powerful, expressive instrument. And you can use it to fit most any style.''' ,'''In 2015 we released our first ever. It was our first album, but it was also our first original album.''' ,'''I like to be approachable but I also like... I like to keep people at arm's length.''' ,'''I felt like at the time I didn't really have much experience with fashion. So I was like, oh, the most dramatic thing I can do, the most daring thing I can do, is wear women's clothing.''' ,'''There are a couple different factors that play into the decision of which songs to cover. It could either be we're really inspired by a song that's just come out or inspired by an international classic, but either way we bring it to the band.''' ,'''Now that a cappella is sort of coming to the forefront of the music world, I think people are starting to realize that it's a well-crafted art form, and not just a cheeseball novelty. That being the case, my hope is that a cappella groups, new and old, will get the recognition they deserve.''' ,'''Pentatonix has always been keen on emphasizing the diversity of each individual band member.''' ,'''Our fans can kind of latch onto each and every member of the band and we're all so vastly different, so I think that's kind of why we have so many types of people.''' ,'''Usually, one of us will bring a song to the group that they think we could arrange and perform well. If the group agrees, we arrange it. It doesn't always work out though. We've tried to arrange a few songs that just we ended up canning in the end.''' ,'''I've always been fascinated by the idea of creating music using only vocals.''' ,'''I've realized now that I just want to be myself. I don't necessarily want to wear an exact copy of something on the runway, because that's not really what style is to me.''' ,]
+++