+++
author = "Jalen Ramsey"
title = "Jalen Ramsey Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jalen Ramsey Quotes"
keywords = "jalen ramsey,jalen ramsey quotes,jalen ramsey quote,jalen ramsey sayings,jalen ramsey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm just me, unapologetically.''' ,'''Matthew Stafford, I think he's straight. I don't think he the best quarterback out there. But he do what he gotta do.''' ,'''I didn't use to really dress up too too much, but I've ventured out to getting dress shoes and nice casual shoes to wear and things like that, which I usually wouldn't have done because I didn't have the money to do. Now I do. So I've gotten a little fancy.''' ,'''I would always talk trash to my brother and my cousin. I would tell them, 'I'm already better than you!'''' ,'''I'll be doing God a discredit if I didn't come out here and showcase all this ability that he gave me and try to give the fans entertainment and be who I am.''' ,'''I'm big. I'm strong. I'm fast. I have the hips. I have the footwork. I'm always trying to perfect my craft, and at the end of the day, I'm just a competitor.''' ,'''I'm out here to get your respect. Whatever receiver lines up on me, I'm going to get your respect.''' ,'''I plan on having, like, five kids.''' ,'''I like to win my own way, and I like to lose my own way. I believe motivation comes from within.''' ,'''I try to stay to myself and learn as much as I can.''' ,'''I think Matt Ryan's overrated.''' ,'''For the most part, a lot of people know who I am as a player on the field, not a lot of people know who I am off the field.''' ,'''I prefer corner. I'm a natural at that position. Corner is my type - a bigger guy who can run.''' ,'''That's what I'm paid to do, is kind of shut down my side of the field and open up plays for other guys at times.''' ,'''I'm going to do what the team asks me and I'm going to do it at a high level.''' ,'''I'm a winner.''' ,'''Derek Carr, I think he's good.''' ,'''Some people are mentally strong.''' ,'''I have full confidence in myself and my abilities.''' ,'''I had to get a deep-fryer. My favorite food is French fries, so I mean there you go right there. That tells you the answer of why I needed a deep-fryer.''' ,'''Some quarterbacks, you worry about the passing, not really getting out of the pocket and scrambling.''' ,'''A lot of people are gonna hate me before they like me. I'm perfectly fine with that.''' ,'''I think Tyrod Taylor is actually a better quarterback than he gets credit for, because he does not make mistakes.''' ,'''I don't talk about nobody's wife, nobody's kids, nobody's family. I don't do that.''' ,'''I'm a fan of Drew Brees.''' ,'''I got like a little lucky two dollar bill, so I keep it with me all the time.''' ,'''I assure my teammates verbally and through the way I practice and play that y'all don't have to worry about me.''' ,'''I love the game of football.''' ,'''Flacco sucks. I played him two years in a row. He sucks.''' ,'''Most wide receivers are soft, honestly, so once you get in their mind, it plays into my hands.''' ,'''When you play the game of football, I feel like to respect the game, you have to play it fierce.''' ,'''I like to do things a little bit different than the crowd does things. I think that's why I get different results. I think that's why I get better results.''' ,'''You not a bad quarterback if you do what your team asks of you.''' ,'''I always, always had that value instilled in me by my parents that education was key and education was the most important because that's something nobody can take from you.''' ,'''You can do all the talking you want on Twitter, to the media, all of that. But when you get on the field you're going to have to produce, you're going to have to show us what you're about.''' ,'''I genuinely believe in the youth. I think the youth is our future and them having a great upcoming will be what changes the world.''' ,'''I just love Rolex.''' ,'''The hard part is staying at the top. Getting to the top, you got somebody you shooting at. Then when you get to the top, now people shooting at you.''' ,'''Say I was playing like a big receiver at whatever school, I would look up his Instagram and see his girlfriend and I'd probably go slide in her DMs. Before the game. You know we get to the game, he probably know about it, maybe he don't. But either he know about it or he don't, but either way I'm bringing it up in the game.''' ,'''I don't believe in having friends on the field. I mean, my brother, my dad, my mom, grandma was out there, it's on. After the game we can be cool. It doesn't matter. That's how I feel like you've got to respect the game of football.''' ,'''I chose to support Purpose Prep because it is important for every child to have the opportunity to receive a great education, and the Purpose Prep programs are designed for underprivileged children in my hometown to have access to those services.''' ,'''I'm a zone guy. I'm a man guy.''' ,'''The trust and the respect that the whole Rams organization has had for me since they traded for me has meant a lot so I would just like to thank them, the whole organization from top to bottom.''' ,'''If you're talking, you gotta back it up. When you're a little kid, and you know you're the fastest in your grade, and y'all go out for Field Day, you tell everybody you're gonna win. You're not worried about it, because you know you're the fastest.''' ,'''Any time Gronk has been matched up with a corner, he's had a very bad game - and that corner has had a very good game.''' ,'''Philip Rivers, I think he's pretty good.''' ,'''I've never understood why somebody on the same side of the ball would hate on another guy.''' ,'''I can't wait to tell my kids, you know, one day that I played with the best football player ever, Aaron Donald. Hopefully, you know, we can do great things, win Super Bowls and do lot of great things in L.A.''' ,'''I'm going to get paid when it's time to get paid. I'm confident in that.''' ,'''I still talk with all my USC friends, all the time. They're still going to be like brothers to me.''' ,'''Jameis always gets me better. I love going against Jameis.''' ,'''Gold is my favorite color.''' ,'''I play mad all the time.''' ,'''People get confused with athletes, especially ultimate competitors. They think they are the same on and off the field. Once you see me on the field, I am a different person. I have a switch I can flip on and off.''' ,'''I always got my earrings on me.''' ,'''God didn't make me to be on this earth by myself. There are a trillion other people in the world - somebody's gonna like me.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Cam Newton's swag most of the time.''' ,'''We see Tom Brady get into it with his coaches and he's the greatest of all time. That's just passion, man. That's passion and emotion.''' ,'''When you get in some people minds, they won't think how they normally would.''' ,'''It's the NFL, a lot of people are strong-minded. A lot of people work hard, play hard.''' ,'''For me, respect is a huge thing.''' ,'''I know my worth.''' ,'''I made All-Pro in my position as a corner.''' ,'''I don't fear no man, period.''' ,'''I love L.A., obviously, and everything that comes with it.''' ,'''Everything I say catches the Internet. Literally everything. I could say something that I feel is light and it's gonna go crazy.''' ,'''I'm just out here playing with all my God-given ability.''' ,'''I'm all about winning.''' ,'''Pressure busts pipes, and pressure can get to some people, and I don't let it get to me. And that's how I don't let it get to me is because, honestly, I just don't believe in it.''' ,'''I play a kids' game professionally and I love it.''' ,'''I can play every position in the secondary. And I can do everything - help run support, traveling, covering whoever is out there, small guy, big guy. I can play any type of coverage - blitz if I need to. There aren't too many people who can do all of that.''' ,'''Peace and happiness means a lot more than the money.''' ,'''I want to be in a place where they know I'm the best corner in the game and let me play and help the team get wins.''' ,'''I've said multiple times, over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again that I want to play for one team my whole career.''' ,'''I'm the youngest. I had an older brother, and an older cousin. I had to hold my own sometimes.''' ,'''I don't do things the ordinary way, I like to do things my way.''' ,'''If you look at my film, what do I do every week? I play press, right?''' ,'''Dak Prescott, he's good. He's alright. He's OK.''' ,'''I don't really care what people think about me, to be honest. At. All.''' ,'''I've got all my trust in God.''' ,'''Having back issues is something I've had to deal with over the course of my NFL career.''' ,'''All I care about is winning.''' ,'''I'm playing for respect. Respect from anybody. Respect from anybody who thinks that I'm not the best in the game.''' ,'''I need to stop but I'm seriously addicted to shoes.''' ,'''I have not always been painted in the best picture of being the best teammate. But if you ask my actual teammates, not maybe the media and the other people that don't like me, if you ask my actual teammates, they will always say that I've been that guy.''' ,'''I'm worried about what I can worry about and controlling what I can control.''' ,'''Football is not a game meant to be played being nice to each other and all that, like 'Kumbaya.'''' ,'''I believe pressure is what you make of it. If you prepare yourself, then there's not going to be pressure.''' ,'''I don't like to make excuses.''' ,'''On the field, I'm very, very arrogant - cocky. I think that's how you have to be as a DB. All the great DBs I know - the best DBs ever - had that. I bet you couldn't rank the top 10 of DBs and say when he was playing he was very humble and didn't talk smack. I think it would be impossible.''' ,'''Every year is Super Bowl or bust, really. If you ain't shooting for the Super Bowl... I mean, I guess if you're the Browns, you're shooting for a win. Or a few wins, at least. But everybody else, you gotta be shooting for the Super Bowl.''' ,'''I kinda got an old soul a little bit, I listen to a lot of Tupac before my games, Tupac and Biggie.''' ,'''I lock receivers down physically and then mentally I get into their mind, get under their skin. I talk my talk. Whatever I'm going to say.''' ,'''I don't think Gronk's good. Let me say - I don't think Gronk is as great as people think he is.''' ,'''At times I've played through extreme pain or not practiced for weeks and tried to go out there and play.''' ,'''I used to always wear a mouthpiece my whole life - a big pacifier.''' ,'''I got hands just like a wide receiver.''' ,'''I'm a playmaker at the end of the day.''' ,'''I love to have fun.''' ,'''I keep all the shoes I can get in the world.''' ,]
+++