+++
author = "Mark Morris"
title = "Mark Morris Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Mark Morris Quotes"
keywords = "mark morris,mark morris quotes,mark morris quote,mark morris sayings,mark morris saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Every child dances, and then you learn not to.''' ,'''Here's the thing, I've been cooking more and more and I'm pretty good; the problem is I can only go out to restaurants that cook better than I do, therefore, it's expensive.''' ,'''Being queer you're supposed to adore figure skating. It's a sport, not an art. I love the costumes and hate the music and of course I worship Johnny Weir because so does he. Also he's real. It's a full gay thing and it always has been.''' ,'''A recording of a performance is a recording of a performance. It's not the performance.''' ,'''Some people only work to recorded music because it's so reliable and exactly the same every time, which is exactly why I don't.''' ,'''I can read music, but I have no technique, and singing was never an option even though I sang a lot growing up.''' ,'''The one reason people don't take dance seriously is because a lot of choreographers don't take dance seriously.''' ,'''Well let's see; I'm not obsessed with... I like Walt Disney except that you know, except for the horrible fascism. I love the art of it. I like a lot of things I don't agree with and that's one of them.''' ,'''I'm very tough.''' ,'''That piece has been choreographed so badly so many times. I'm loathe to do it but I may eventually because it is one of the seminal art works of the twentieth century.''' ,'''I never eat standing up, I never eat in front of the refrigerator. I treat myself very formally with meals. I don't watch TV or read. It's a little bit of a ritual, and it's more enjoyable.''' ,'''No dance has ever turned out the way I thought it would, because I trust enough that I can start something with some ideas and then it takes itself somewhere.''' ,'''I teach class. I study music. I rehearse. I coach people. That's it. I'm doing exactly what I want.''' ,'''It never occurred to me that I'd have a dance company.''' ,'''I love making up titles.''' ,'''Disney is thrilling and informative and important and beautiful and suspect. Butts was a detail I observed later and definitely ties in. I suppose I was programmed, yeah.''' ,'''I'm really drawn to West Coast composers and I think it has a little something to do with looking across the Pacific instead of looking across the Atlantic.''' ,'''I love the way in which I make up dances. It's a complicated way and the product is usually clear. Clear and simple. I don't need everybody to know that there are all of these fabulous things going on. If you CAN see it, that's wonderful.''' ,'''Audiences don't want to see the kind of self-indulgent, boring dance that is so prevalent today.''' ,'''I build duets into bigger works. I like to see people working together. What we call a giant solo in my company is about four bars long while twenty other people are doing something dynamically. I like the charge that is set up by a lot of people doing something.''' ,'''I didn't go to a conservatoire, and I have certain low opinions of certain aspects of the conservatory experience.''' ,'''There was always dance in opera until people forgot to keep it going.''' ,''''Elitist' doesn't need to mean wealthy and conservative; it can also mean specialised and rarefied, and that's no bad thing.''' ,'''Sunday is a day of rest.''' ,'''I'm not after a closed system, I mean I'm after a complicated system in structure, but as far as watching it, I don't think that everything should be decided.''' ,'''As I have said before, dancing is for anyone, but not for everyone.''' ,'''We're all in the same room, so I want people to be involved with one another, but again you can't decide exactly to what extent that operates. It varies all the time and it depends on the show, it depends on the audience, it depends on everything.''' ,'''Perhaps... I mean there are people who defend that it as an art. I don't. I like it but it's not an art form as far as I'm concerned, and yet it's a similar thing, once you can't land those jumps, you're disqualified - that precludes it from ever becoming a serious art form.''' ,'''I have a beautiful, big bathtub.''' ,'''The goal of Sunday is to leave my home as little as possible.''' ,'''If nobody comes to your shows, then it's modern dance. If everybody comes to your shows and no one likes it, is that ballet? I don't know.''' ,'''Usually that's going into biology in a certain way. There's certain strengths and weaknesses to both of the sexes. And I'm not against employing those nor am I against denying those, what I am looking for is a very large array of options.''' ,'''Sure, I could give advice; I could, say, travel the world, listen to music. But all I can really say is do something you want to do and do it well. And if you want to be a choreographer, then you have to make dances.''' ,]
+++