+++
author = "Meg Tilly"
title = "Meg Tilly Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Meg Tilly Quotes"
keywords = "meg tilly,meg tilly quotes,meg tilly quote,meg tilly sayings,meg tilly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It helps when 1 can send the children off to their fathers so I can support my new book with a national publicity tour. I started writing the book when my daughter was 5. It took me almost four years.''' ,'''I still have a problem with nuns. I follow them around like a kitten with a ball of yarn. After a while, all my characters become very close friends.''' ,'''Horror movies can be very interesting because they can deal with intangible subjects that are full of emotion.''' ,'''I know that in order to be considered successful, you're supposed to do two or three movies a year. I only work once every year-and-a-half, sometimes two years. I have children to raise.''' ,'''If you meet people who have been successful in Hollywood, or look a their photographs, you see a haunted look in their eyes, you sense a trapped feeling.''' ,'''That is why it's so fun to make movies... you get to do lots of things you would never do in your normal life.''' ,'''I wanted to write something from a child's viewpoint... Five of the characters I have played in movies have either been abused or became abusers, themselves, and I just kind of felt like there was a need.''' ,'''There we times when everybody in the house has the flu. You're cleaning up vomit and it's 2 in the morning, and you're wishing there was somebody else there to help you.''' ,'''I really enjoy acting. At home I can't even finish a sentence, and here I am reading these wonderful lines. I think it must be every housewife's dream, to be an actress part-time.''' ,'''Look, I know he's been married three times before. I accept it, but I don't want it driving up the driveway.''' ,'''Acting's not my whole life. My children definitely come first.''' ,'''I'm not that fashion-conscious. A lot of times, when women are appearing to be so perfect, it's because they're a mess underneath.''' ,'''I think it is important to say that though, of course, it is wonderful to have children, it is a disservice to others not to also say how hard it is to do it alone.''' ,'''I didn't plan to act, but I'm glad I'm doing it - and I just want to keep getting better.''' ,'''If they have covered your face with latex, you have to control yourself mentally so you won't think. If you start thinking, you will succumb to panic. I had a bit of a cold, and frankly I didn't have a good time.''' ,'''I wasn't really interested in doing television. I don't have that much ambition. My agent, Eileen Feldman, has all the ambition for me.''' ,'''I limited myself to introduce a change in my way of thinking and the way I see things. When I look at my child, I do it in a different way then when I'm contemplating a chair. They are different... the child is a living being, and the chair is an object.''' ,]
+++