+++
author = "Jeffrey Hunter"
title = "Jeffrey Hunter Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Jeffrey Hunter Quotes"
keywords = "jeffrey hunter,jeffrey hunter quotes,jeffrey hunter quote,jeffrey hunter sayings,jeffrey hunter saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was notified on July 17 to be ready to start August 7 for an October air date. When we reached the screen we did not have a single segment ready. It was done so fast the writers never got a chance to know what it was all about.''' ,'''You try to get the feel of any role, but it's much more difficult in the case of Christ because everyone has their own personal image of Him. It's a role you take on, knowing that no matter how you play it, you are going to disappoint many.''' ,'''I doubt if the public thought of me as Christ when they next saw me as Temple Houston on television.''' ,'''There just aren't that many Jesus roles around.''' ,'''I love doing motion pictures and expect to be as busy as I want to be in them.''' ,'''When it comes to turning out movies, I'm for Hollywood.''' ,'''With all the weird surroundings of outer space the basic underlying theme of the show is a philosophical approach to man's relationship to woman. There are both sexes in the crew, in fact, the first officer is a woman.''' ,'''The idea of making pictures abroad is exciting when you're in Hollywood and have never worked in foreign countries. You think you'll get to see the sights and have all the fun that goes with traveling. Actually, you spend so much time on the job that you don't do much else.''' ,'''We had to be parents by long distance, which is far from satisfactory.''' ,'''I was warned not to do it. Actors who play Jesus are supposed to have a hard time getting other roles to follow, but I felt this was a myth. After all, how can you be typecast as Christ?''' ,]
+++