+++
author = "Lance Armstrong"
title = "Lance Armstrong Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Lance Armstrong Quotes"
keywords = "lance armstrong,lance armstrong quotes,lance armstrong quote,lance armstrong sayings,lance armstrong saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I exercise everyday. I swim, I bike, I run and I go to the gym.''' ,'''My mom was such a strong character. I don't want to say she was like a man, but she was tough.''' ,'''I joined the swim team when I was 12, and I was the worst kid in the pool - I was put with a group of 7-year-olds.''' ,'''If I can't face my accusers, that's a joke. We did that in medieval times.''' ,'''But, listen, Eddie Merkyx would have won six Tours if he hadn't been punched.''' ,'''If you worried about falling off the bike, you'd never get on.''' ,'''I still don't get golf.''' ,'''If we don't somehow stem the tide of childhood obesity, we're going to have a huge problem.''' ,'''Cycling is a sport of the open road and spectators are lining that road.''' ,'''It's tough to be a 15- or 16-year-old athlete competing around the country. There's tension, there's media. I had no idea what I was getting into.''' ,'''For whatever reason, maybe it's because of my story, but people associate Livestrong with exercise and physical fitness, health and lifestyle choices like that.''' ,'''Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.''' ,'''Obviously, I come from one background, and the people that design fitness equipment have been doing it for years and years, and they know what works and doesn't work.''' ,'''I may be in timeout forever. But I hope not to be.''' ,'''I figure the faster I pedal, the faster I can retire.''' ,'''The riskiest thing you can do is get greedy.''' ,'''It can't be any simpler: the farewell is going to be on the Champs-Elysees.''' ,'''There comes a point in every man's life when he has to say: 'Enough is enough.'''' ,'''I've committed to surfing the rest of my life.''' ,'''Nobody needs to cry for me. I'm going to be great.''' ,'''Two things scare me. The first is getting hurt. But that's not nearly as scary as the second, which is losing.''' ,'''Marathons are hard because of the physical pain, the pounding on the muscles, joints, tendons.''' ,'''Winning is about heart, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place.''' ,'''Through my illness I learned rejection. I was written off. That was the moment I thought, Okay, game on. No prisoners. Everybody's going down.''' ,'''Extraordinary allegations require extraordinary evidence.''' ,'''It's nice to win. I'll never win again. I may have to take up golf - take on Tiger.''' ,'''If children have the ability to ignore all odds and percentages, then maybe we can all learn from them. When you think about it, what other choice is there but to hope? We have two options, medically and emotionally: give up, or Fight Like Hell.''' ,'''Portland, Oregon won't build a mile of road without a mile of bike path. You can commute there, even with that weather, all the time.''' ,'''There's no rule, no law, no regulation that says you can't come back. So I have every right to come back.''' ,'''It's funny, because I have periods where I just kind of go dark. I don't tweet, I don't talk, I don't interview, and then I have times where I do.''' ,'''I have been dealing with claims that I cheated and had an unfair advantage in winning my seven Tours since 1999.''' ,'''A boo is a lot louder than a cheer. If you have 10 people cheering and one person booing, all you hear is the booing.''' ,'''Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit, however, it lasts forever.''' ,'''I'm on JetBlue and United. So I spend a lot of time on airplanes with other people and in terminals or just traveling around and going to restaurants or whatever. The interaction I get on a daily basis is always positive. I've never had a negative interaction.''' ,]
+++