+++
author = "Gianfranco Zola"
title = "Gianfranco Zola Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Gianfranco Zola Quotes"
keywords = "gianfranco zola,gianfranco zola quotes,gianfranco zola quote,gianfranco zola sayings,gianfranco zola saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My love for the game is massive. That won't change.''' ,'''Chelsea is where I had the best satisfaction of all, where I was treated the best. This is a special place.''' ,'''The Premier League is very competitive and you have to be prepared for that.''' ,'''Eden Hazard's definitely at the very top. He's such an unbelievable player. The more I've spent time with him the more I appreciate him as a player, but also as a boy.''' ,'''If I felt like I needed to be aggressive all the time, it would have been impossible to be the player that I was. Or John Terry, if he had tried to be a player of finesse, probably he wouldn't have been the same.''' ,'''It is a pleasure for whoever loves football to enjoy watching Hazard.''' ,'''The day you feel like you don't have anything to prove, it's better you go to the beach and stay there and take in the sunshine.''' ,'''The concern is that when you are playing against a team that has a lot of quality you know that you can work hard for a long time and then in a second they can produce some quality necessary to score a goal.''' ,'''I have always followed Scottish football quite closely.''' ,'''Eden is the type of player who can make a big difference when he comes on, even for 20 minutes.''' ,'''Maradona? You couldn't match him, but you could learn a lot from him. I did not play much, but I did learn plenty from him at Napoli. He was the best striker in the world and I was so lucky to have played with him. Some of the things he used to do you couldn't even dream about. It was absurd.''' ,'''I am the first one to believe that if a player is happy in what he is doing he performs much more.''' ,'''It is not true that Sarri did not defend, indeed all of his work starts from there. But it's a different way to defend, in a much more advanced area of the pitch.''' ,'''I don't think John Terry would have been the player he was if he hadn't had Marcel Desailly or Frank Leboeuf in front of him with us at Chelsea.''' ,'''I went to West Ham without ever having coached and I know what that means.''' ,'''I look back to the 1980s and 1990s, when Italian teams dominated Europe. They had maybe three players from abroad, but they were the best players in the world. That was perfect, because there was always the possibility for young Italian players to get in the team.''' ,'''Some leaders speak a lot in the dressing room, on the field and others do it with actions contributing important things in games, deciding big games.''' ,'''No, I didn't expect Mancini to become a manager, because of the type of player he was - he was an intelligent player, of course, but I didn't think he had the desire to become a manager. But I guess if you speak to some of my team-mates they'd probably say they didn't expect me to either. I certainly didn't expect it.''' ,'''I was very tired when I left West Ham, but that's my character really. I gave everything. It can be bad, that, because you need to be at your best when you manage a football team. The players take it on board and see how you are.''' ,'''There are those who think that in order to get respect you have to be some sort of tyrant or overly authoritative. You can be fair to people.''' ,'''Working for a top club with a top coach has been good for me.''' ,'''I like working with young players.''' ,'''One thing is to know how to do things and another is to make it simple and accessible to others. This is the challenge for the big players when they go into management. To do that, you have to learn and study very hard. I have read football management books, analysed myself and the way other people learn and understand things.''' ,'''I was head coach before and my main ambition is to return to that. But to work for Maurizio and Chelsea was a great opportunity.''' ,'''I have had downfalls in my career but I always knew I was going to bounce back.''' ,'''Everyone has to be the way that they are.''' ,'''People think because I'm a nice person I'm a weak person. But I don't think being nice means you don't know how to take tough decisions.''' ,'''The majority of supporters admire Barcelona because of their fantastic football and for the type of players they have.''' ,'''I always had the impression England never came to competitions with freedom of mind. They are so afraid of mistakes.''' ,'''In football you never know what's going to make you close to somebody.''' ,'''Sometimes players don't like to be dropped and, when they don't like something, they react.''' ,'''In football you have many opinions and you have just to notice those that make sense to you.''' ,'''Jorginho is not a player that has a lot of physicality and mobility but he is very intelligent and is always in the right place. If you have someone who can help him, he can make a big difference. It's just about getting the best out of him.''' ,'''I think Ancelotti really likes London and he likes the way football is played over here. That doesn't surprise me because, after Italy, if you come here, you really enjoy the culture.''' ,'''What makes you better is not playing every single game in a modest championship. What makes you better is playing 10 games in a very competitive league.''' ,'''Playing football is one thing, but coaching is another.''' ,'''I love the game and I have a fair approach to it.''' ,'''If someone can make a team champions, it is Tevez.''' ,'''With Jorginho it depends what type of football you want to play. If you want to play possession where you have the ball all the time and you play a lot of passes, there are not many as good as him around. If you ask Jorginho to cover 50 metres of pitch in width and get all the balls back, it's going to be difficult.''' ,'''Carlton Cole is no surprise to me anymore. For me, some of the bits he does are unbelievable.''' ,'''When I was playing football it was 24 hours a day, seven days a week. So I said to myself when I stopped that I wanted to dedicate myself to things I'd never done before. I even had a list.''' ,'''Sometimes you need to get bored but when you get bored you persist in what you're doing and you get better.''' ,'''I learnt many lessons from some tough experiences. One of the biggest was that no matter what happens you need to hold on to your beliefs. And you must stay humble.''' ,'''Those who have a personality like Balotelli do things that other people maybe wouldn't. Balotelli sometimes does things that look strange and unbelievable. But maybe for him it's just a way to feel normal. He doesn't want to cause problems or upset people.''' ,'''During my time away from football I was with Milan and Barcelona during training. The most impressive thing about Barcelona was how humble they all are. The humility of the players and staff was fantastic.''' ,'''I always loved playing an attacking form of flowing football.''' ,'''A big club should have big characters and big men. The more strength you have in the dressing-room the better.''' ,'''I remember that when I was learning to play football, kicking a ball for example, I used to do it 300-400 times a day at least. There were moments when I got tired but I needed to do it repeatedly because if I wanted it to become a part of me, this was the process I needed to go through.''' ,'''Carlo Ancelotti is a good coach and a good man. I worked with him for just three months at Parma, before I left for Chelsea, although I had worked with him before with the national team. In my first game for the national team I played with him.''' ,'''I played many times as a player in European competition and I know how it can make a player better to play those kind of games.''' ,'''Some players mature at 18. Others at 28.''' ,'''A pianist practices for up to 10 hours a day. Then, when he takes to the stage, you see the harmony. Having such an elegant touch is a natural gift, but it's the daily training which allows you to perform that miracle and create feeling, even if you were born tone-deaf.''' ,'''I felt Ancelotti did a good job for Chelsea and, like many fans, we are sorry for what happened to him.''' ,'''I really do like Scottish people. I have met Gordon Strachan quite a few times and always liked him. Craig Burley is another Scot I played with at Chelsea and he's a good guy.''' ,'''In football you need freedom to try things.''' ,'''Chelsea is a very demanding club. They need to be in the Champions League and they need to win trophies because that is what the club has been doing for some time.''' ,'''It is obviously pleasing to see your name associated with La Nazionale.''' ,'''Chelsea is in my heart and I was so proud to achieve so much for the club.''' ,'''Of course you cannot make a Messi or a Maradona. But even players who are not considered very skilful, if you coach them in a certain way you can make them better.''' ,'''My players will make mistakes, but as long as they don't do it on purpose and try their best, I can handle that.''' ,'''Do I ever lose my temper? Sure, I do it all the time - just ask my wife, she will tell you.''' ,'''It's normal that you have good moments and bad moments - it is how you deal with it.''' ,'''When I was making myself known I learnt a lot from him. I definitely regard him as the greatest, although it's difficult to say that and also unfair because there are players from different eras that have been so important and Maradona was one of them, but certainly he was an unbelievable player and I'm so glad I met him.''' ,'''People expect a lot from the number nine at Chelsea. They expect a lot of goals and good performances.''' ,'''When you are a talented footballer you rely on your abilities to win games. You use your skills without thinking. But in management that doesn't work.''' ,'''I'm sure there are some people who still think I'm too much of a nice guy to be a manager but I'm certain that's not an issue.''' ,'''The Premier League is the biggest on the planet and the challenge is you have to be very good to make it in England.''' ,'''Whatever type of football you want to play, if you don't have certain principles you're lost.''' ,'''When I do something I like to do it well and I believe I've got a lot to give.''' ,'''Sometimes good work is done with passion, enthusiasm - presence can be as valuable as many millions of pounds.''' ,'''Pirlo is one of those players who, as they grow older, their football intelligence is such that they remain vitally important.''' ,'''Because of players like myself, Sergio Aguero, Kevin De Bruyne and so many others, the game in England is at such a high level.''' ,'''I went from being a player who had received just a few yellow cards in his career to a red card in a World Cup. It was a devastating moment for me. It was my first game in the World Cup, so I was excited and thankful for the opportunity. Being sent off was a big blow.''' ,'''It was great to win that competition and when people ask me what was my best moment in England, I always say winning my first FA Cup.''' ,'''Football can be played in different ways and the more ways you know, the better you will be. If you know only one way, you're limiting your possibilities.''' ,'''There is a common mistake people make. They say, 'We need to play the young English boys.' Of course, but only if they are good. How can you measure that? If they are playing with good players and if they can fit into the level of the good players. That's why, because of the level of the Premier League, England has so many talented players.''' ,'''A winning team must have quality, but it means nothing if the players are not connected to each other.''' ,'''I'm not an enemy of formations and tactics because they are important - but you get to the point where the whole system loses balance.''' ,'''I'm a proud man.''' ,'''In life you have to be ambitious, you have to look forward all the time.''' ,'''You don't have to just work on your game, you have to work on yourself. This is the last step to becoming a big, big player.''' ,'''Sometimes we forget football is, first and foremost, entertainment. Sometimes we consider it a more important matter. It is but, at the same time, it is not.''' ,'''English football is evolving. It's no longer the game it used to be. Apart from the larger quantities of money which make it more attractive to foreign stars, the mentality is also different - everybody looks to win games no matter what, even if it means taking risks.''' ,'''I want the players to enjoy their football as much as I did in my career and to make it enjoyable for those who come and see it.''' ,'''The memories obviously of playing with Maradona are fantastic memories, he's probably the most important part of my career.''' ,'''Every manager, when things don't go well, they feel bad about it. That, unfortunately, is our job.''' ,'''Sometimes in football, like in life, you have to step into the wilderness. That's the way to get better. You have to try new things and be positive.''' ,'''I'm lucky to have played for some great managers who can be positive influences on how I work at Watford.''' ,'''In football, even when you do your best on the pitch, you can win or lose. That is the nature of the game.''' ,'''He was so influential on every aspect of my game. I promise you - I would have been another Gianfranco Zola if I hadn't trained and played with Maradona every day.''' ,'''Pep is an extraordinary coach.''' ,'''It's very difficult and unfair probably to compare players from different eras, because they were able to reach excellence in their time and they have to be rewarded for that.''' ,'''Being a good player doesn't necessarily make a good manager, that's for sure.''' ,'''I have always admired the games between Celtic and Rangers. That's one of the games that you always watch when it's happening.''' ,'''Maybe some people were surprised that I came here to Watford. But, after three or four months here, it's the best choice I could have made.''' ,'''If you want to learn how to paint, go to Caravaggio.''' ,'''I stopped playing football. And life wasn't easy without football.''' ,'''You have to be who you are but work hard and make sure that you always give the best of yourself.''' ,'''It's not easy to make big players bond together.''' ,'''They are both fantastic players. But I like Messi. Ronaldo is a fantastic goalscorer but I don't think he is as good as Messi when it comes to creating chances for others.'''' ,]
+++