+++
author = "Ciro Immobile"
title = "Ciro Immobile Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Ciro Immobile Quotes"
keywords = "ciro immobile,ciro immobile quotes,ciro immobile quote,ciro immobile sayings,ciro immobile saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To be honest, my time at Dortmund wasn't a big success. I didn't settle well at the club and eventually moved on to Sevilla. But I am forever grateful about it because it gave me the opportunity to work with Jurgen Klopp. If I didn't go to Germany, I would never have had a chance to work with him.''' ,'''I think I am going to be part of a success story at Lazio.''' ,'''Matthaus is a legend of the German game and he can say whatever he wants.''' ,'''I like to attack the spaces, move around a lot and make cuts.''' ,'''It's always important to score even if it is not in an official game.''' ,'''It's an honour to play with the Italy jersey.''' ,'''Joining Lazio at 26 years old, I'm in my prime.''' ,'''I'm a striker and obviously I live to score.''' ,'''Would I like to wear the Napoli shirt in the future? Certainly, they are the team of my city.''' ,'''My goal is to play with a club in the Champions League.''' ,'''Everyone wants to be in the national team so I will have to give it my best.''' ,'''Players often look for alibis - it's easy to give the blame to others.''' ,'''With Conte, everyone has to earn his starting place.''' ,'''I was close to Napoli and it's true that I did hope to one day play for them, but I am so happy here that after arriving at Lazio, I stopped thinking about it.''' ,'''Only by playing games regularly will I be able to hit my peak.''' ,'''Inzaghi is a complete European coach.''' ,'''I will always be grateful to Juventus because they brought me through and let me go when we had different needs.''' ,'''Theoretically in Germany there is more space because it is less tactical.''' ,'''The Lazio striker always has great responsibilities.''' ,'''Klopp is a coach with a lot of charisma.''' ,'''I'd like to be a few years at Sevilla, I hope to find a family in this team.''' ,'''When you are not playing much and you expect to play more, it is normal to think of the market. That's the modern game.''' ,'''I think I can play along with Balotelli, but I do not make the decisions.''' ,'''I don't see my season with Dortmund negatively. There were some real problems there in the dressing room and they were going through a generation change.''' ,'''A specific number of goals can never be promised, but I'll always give everything on the pitch.''' ,'''When a striker does well it is normal that he is courted by other teams.''' ,'''A return to Juventus? I do not think that will happen.''' ,'''Borussia Dortmund was the best solution for me. I wanted to have an experience abroad and in the Champions League. Then there are the fans - it was said they always supported the team, but I didn't think like this.''' ,'''Lewandowski is a great player.''' ,'''Borussia Dortmund are a huge club and the idea of replacing Lewandowski really appeals to me.''' ,'''People only remember what they want to remember.''' ,'''I will always remain a fan of Pescara. My time there was crucial to grow and improve as a player. It was my launchpad to top football.''' ,'''The records only count when we have won silverware.''' ,'''I don't know if I'll end my career here. Perhaps by the time I am 33, Lazio will be so successful that they need more important players than me.''' ,'''Klopp is a great expert in football and I always said that I'd have liked to work with him when I was in my best form. He is a complete coach, he has everything.''' ,'''Lewandowski is past, I am the future.''' ,'''I've followed Dortmund since I was seven and they beat Juventus in the Champions League. I was intrigued by them because I know how passionate their fans are.''' ,'''I've turned into a full-back who pushes forwards whereas in Italy usually the full-back concentrates more on defending.''' ,'''Prandelli knows me, he knows how hard I work.''' ,'''All coaches now look for forwards who not only score goals but also run back and help in midfield.''' ,'''I just do what the coach asks.''' ,'''I could have given more and I'm sorry about how it all ended, but I still look back on my time in Germany positively.''' ,'''Klopp really likes the way I pay and fight for every ball. He sees me as a true warrior.''' ,'''Inzaghi is certainly the coach I got along best with.''' ,]
+++