+++
author = "Helen Slater"
title = "Helen Slater Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Helen Slater Quotes"
keywords = "helen slater,helen slater quotes,helen slater quote,helen slater sayings,helen slater saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I take things too seriously.''' ,'''I don't know about this thing - being famous. I haven't figured it out yet. It still mystifies me.''' ,'''I can't speak for all women, but I do think that... I mean, me and my girlfriends, we definitely... we're in crisis on a continuous basis...or at least monthly, for sure, I don't know.''' ,'''I met a bunch of comic-book writers at the Metropolis convention and there was such an interesting discussion about the story of 'Supergirl' and trying to get it right. It can be a challenge, because you don't want it to be the same as the Superman story.''' ,'''It may not be the most popular but there is a place for it. I think about the kind of music I love, acoustic, melodic, and I guess it kind of took a bit of courage on my part to think I could be one of those songwriters.''' ,'''Do you think I'm going to be one of those flash-in-the-pan actresses?''' ,'''I'm very passionate about philosophy and religion.''' ,'''I am less selfish. But I am more insistent on being part of the creative experience. I find I am a better mother, lover and wife when I am writing. When my daughter was small I wasn't writing as much and I didn't miss it.''' ,'''I was terribly gawky, too goofy to become a high-kicking cheerleader, with stringy brown hair and bad posture. Definitely nobody noticeable!''' ,'''The way I spend my time is very isolated and cut off.''' ,'''With acting I am being led by the script, other actors, the director, etc. But with songwriting I feel it is much more self reliant and allows me to be in the creative experience without being as dependent on others.''' ,]
+++