+++
author = "Isaac Brock"
title = "Isaac Brock Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Isaac Brock Quotes"
keywords = "isaac brock,isaac brock quotes,isaac brock quote,isaac brock sayings,isaac brock saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't read a lot of rock magazines for the most part.''' ,'''I've seen 'Super Troopers' too many times, and there's a house rule that we're not allowed to watch 'Beerfest' again.''' ,'''I don't much like things to go by somebody's name, like the 'Bob Jones Group Jam Band.'''' ,'''The guy who kind of identified as my dad was my dad's brother, who was the second person my mom married.''' ,'''I watch the same cartoons over and over again. I watch Adult Swim. I watch 'Futurama' repeatedly.''' ,'''I'm not a big fan of the interview. It's a lot of questions I don't have answers for, a lot of questions about the music industry.''' ,'''I didn't mean to live in Portland. It was kind of an accident - I mean, the equivalent of my car breaking down there and me being like, 'Well... I guess this is what I'm doing. I just can't find a better alternate.'''' ,'''I remember the last time the Grateful Dead played in Seattle, at the Seattle Center. I was living there, and after the show, I was walking to work near there, and I'd never seen so much debris. There were mountains of garbage.''' ,'''Most of the best music in American history was made by people with no options.''' ,'''I was living down in this awful little redneck town in Oregon, and everyone else was living in Seattle, so we rented a house in Portland, between the two.''' ,'''Science, science is great. I love science. With any luck, it'll save us all.''' ,'''If I find myself just not feeling like writing songs anymore, I think I'll drop it. There's enough bad, insincere music out there. I don't need to contribute to that.''' ,'''Even when I was a kid, I always showed up late for school every day. It got to the point where they had my late slips filled for every day of the school year in advance, so all they had to do was fill in what time I got there.''' ,'''When I do write, it happens really easily. I'll just kind of sing along to whatever I'm playing, then find a line to build off of, then sit down and write. When I do write, I take care of business!''' ,'''I toy around with the whole Biblical thing, just as amazing characters.''' ,'''If I start working on something, I get a little too driven.''' ,'''I'm a huge Cure fan. I love the Cure. The scales being tipped to when they weren't on a major label compared to when they were seems pretty meaningless. I had the good fortune of having them go before me and seeing their careers, musically at least, lose something. Like a novel written by a dead hand.''' ,'''As frustrating as it is to not have a record come out, I have to make sure that it's worth putting out. I have to be trying to say something, for one. I have to not oversell what I'm trying to say. I can't 'Bono' it.''' ,'''I made a point when I made the Ugly Casanova record to not write a song and then say, 'This is a Modest Mouse song' or 'This is an Ugly Casanova song.' The people who were open to it not being a Modest Mouse record liked it.''' ,'''Now we've gotten accustomed to reality shows where the goal is to see people acting foolish.''' ,'''I like Modest Mouse. I'm our biggest fan. And enemy. I won't waste people's time by putting out a Modest Mouse record just because. That's fair, right?''' ,'''Portland hardly got to have an identity before that identity became a joke - I live in a joke. Seattle at least got to wear out its identity before it became a joke.''' ,'''I don't think I ever write songs involving politics, because they get dated way too quick. Any view you have can usually be made into something more general, and that can stand throughout time.''' ,'''I've gotten into surfing a bit. I can't stand up for more than five seconds, but I like the fact that I can paddle out into oblivion.''' ,''''Float On' was a fine song, but I was still writing the lyrics on the last day we were working on it and deciding if it was something we wanted to put on the record.''' ,]
+++