+++
author = "Jamie Campbell Bower"
title = "Jamie Campbell Bower Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Jamie Campbell Bower Quotes"
keywords = "jamie campbell bower,jamie campbell bower quotes,jamie campbell bower quote,jamie campbell bower sayings,jamie campbell bower saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I went to boarding school in the country, so there's no real differentiation between family and friends. I went there from when I was 8 until I was 17 - it was insane. If you earn my friendship, you are my family, and I'll do anything for you.''' ,'''Being on a movie set is wonderful experience, but it's a bubble - it isn't real life.''' ,'''Euro Disney is not my vibe. I can't really deal with Disney, man. It's not my thing.''' ,'''For me, it's interesting because I never thought of myself as an action man, but apparently I can do it, so that's good to know.''' ,'''I was obsessed with girls when I was 13 years old; I wasn't really into books.''' ,'''I feel responsible for certain fans, but I've never said I'm a role model.''' ,'''I think I'm nervous to sign on to any job.''' ,'''I've been on sets where I broke my ankle on a television show doing a stunt playing Arthur in 'Camelot.' That was because it was really rushed, and it hadn't been thought through properly.''' ,'''I'm a dirty kid: I like to be outside, I like to run about, I like to get messy. So I spent a lot of time outside as a kid, skating and just being a disaster. I was obsessed with Dogtown - I still am obsessed with Dogtown, the Z-Boys. I love Stacy Peralta and Jay Adams and Andrew Reynolds, all these guys. I used to think I was Chad Muska.''' ,'''I don't mind if people are saying nasty things about me behind my back - I just don't want to know about them.''' ,'''England will be home for me. It always has been and always will be.''' ,'''You know, Johnny Depp has always been a massive inspiration for me and he's somebody who has produced an incredible amount of work, and every single piece that he does is amazing.''' ,'''I wanted to be a part of the first 'Twilight' movie, and unfortunately, it didn't work out so great. So when they came back and were like, 'Do you want to come in for a part for the second movie,' I was like, 'Absolutely.'''' ,'''People don't get it; they think I'm rich. I'm not! I have no money.''' ,'''People can hate on you for doing what it is that makes you happy, but ultimately, it has to belong to you. It shouldn't matter what anyone else thinks. Life is not easy. The road to happiness is not a path well trotted. You have to find your own path to enlightenment.''' ,'''I'm an extrovert, I like to gesticulate and talk loud and stuff, and the theater is easy for me.''' ,'''I think I'm always drawn to a good story.''' ,'''I write music. I'm in a band.''' ,'''Growing up in England, I was constantly surrounded by the Arthurian legend.''' ,'''I'm nervous when taking part in any movie.''' ,'''I want to do more movies. I feel like it's a totally different skill set than there is to theater. It's much more internal.''' ,'''Particularly for English people, Shakespeare is always at the forefront of both drama and the English language. He's always been there. I can't remember starting school and not learning about him.''' ,'''I think that there should be this thing for cover-ups on tattoos. I want to develop it. It's like a skin-toned transfer, and then all the make-up artist has to do is airbrush over it to blend it into the skin. There's nothing like that. At the moment, you literally have to go red and get it to skin color, which takes forever.''' ,'''I'd love to be a part of 'Star Wars.' I'd be a Sith, of course - I'm English! We've got the voice, and it's perfect for the bad guys.''' ,'''When I was 16, I used to hang out at the Nambucca pub in North London and see The Libertines play live.''' ,''''Hamlet' is obviously a role a lot of actors want to portray or be involved with in some way and that I'd like to be involved in.''' ,'''There's nothing worse than finishing your last take on a movie and thinking, 'God! I finally nailed who this guy was!'''' ,'''I'm a horrible romantic!''' ,'''I suppose with any character that you play you always bring your personal experience to it. You always bring people that you know or that you've met and sort of - this is what I do, I mean, I don't know what anyone else does - but people that you know or that you've met that have affected you in certain ways, you bring into it.''' ,'''I always had the idea that I wanted to perform. I love being the center of attention - and I always love talking about myself.''' ,'''I tend to thrive on being misquoted. It's the only way I sound good.''' ,'''My essentials are skinny jeans, loose-fitting tees, big jumpers, and the leather jacket. Everything is black or blue - I don't own anything colorful.''' ,'''I'm hardly the sexiest man in the world. I'm a bit of a geek.''' ,'''Being able to do lead roles in pictures or onstage or whatever it is that you're doing in acting is obviously what you strive for because you want to better yourself as an actor and you want to better yourself as a person as well. But that does come with a lot of responsibility and a great deal of weight.''' ,'''I'm working on my music a lot, like folk singing, guitar. It's sort of rocky, folky, alty, angsty. I'm putting a lot of energy into that. I write pretty much all the time.''' ,'''I see myself as a mascot for the kids who get beat down and don't feel like they belong.''' ,'''I do love mythology.''' ,]
+++