+++
author = "Denise Bidot"
title = "Denise Bidot Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Denise Bidot Quotes"
keywords = "denise bidot,denise bidot quotes,denise bidot quote,denise bidot sayings,denise bidot saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My daughter is going to get to grow up in a world where she never sees herself being an outcast or feeling like she doesn't fit in.''' ,'''Once you find that perfect suit that fits just right, it will give you an extra boost of confidence that will make your pool or beach day even better.''' ,'''Those old '90s models when women were just themselves and they were real and they were embraced that way - I think we should get back to that.''' ,'''Nothing like stopping at Balthazar in between NYFW madness. Their shrimp cocktail is delicious and healthy.''' ,'''I have tried gluten free, but I don't think dieting is for me.''' ,'''I think it's about time that we represent all women on the catwalk because that is a part of fashion.''' ,'''Women want to see more women that look like themselves - they don't want to see something completely unattainable.''' ,'''When I started, fashion for curvy women was very ugly.''' ,'''I'm Latina and Middle Eastern. Not a lot of people look like me, and I want to embrace all ethnic cultures and make them feel like they're included.''' ,'''I knew in my soul that girls like me needed to be represented.''' ,'''I'm just a woman. I'm a curvy woman, and hopefully some day they do end up cutting out the word 'plus-size.'''' ,'''I love everything about my body. Every bit of it... the cellulite, the stretch marks, everything that I thought at one point was an imperfection, I now realize is everything that makes me unique.''' ,'''At night, I try to sheet mask. I'm one of those people who does it on the plane.''' ,'''If you share everything with your kid, you're honest and you really work hard, everything will work out as it should.''' ,'''Nowhere have I felt so much awesome responsibility than when teaching my daughter that there is no wrong way to be herself - to be a young woman, whatever her size.''' ,'''Sometimes life guides you on a path so that you can find yourself.''' ,'''I feel sexy all the time. I feel like sexiness is in my blood.''' ,'''I'm proud of my stretch marks. For so long in my life, I thought those were things I needed to hide or things that made me imperfect, and I came to realize that those are the qualities that made me unique.''' ,'''When the clothes change, the women change. They start feeling more confident and then all of a sudden, people start seeing them differently.''' ,'''I always laugh about it because when I come in with hair extensions or lashes or all this makeup, she's like, 'Take it off, mommy, you're beautiful just the way you are.' It's amazing to think that a 6-year-old can have what so many women of my generation are struggling to figure out.''' ,'''It's in my nature to want every image of me to be authentic but at the end of the day as a model, I don't always get control over how someone decides to put forth my picture.''' ,'''You can be curvy and still be absolutely flawless.''' ,'''I am aware of how many young girls are out there looking for inspiration and for role models and I want to make sure I don't let them down.''' ,'''I don't care what you call me. I'm glad to even have a place in this fashion industry. Plus-size, straight-size, in-betweenie - I don't care regardless.''' ,'''My daughter is with me 90 percent of the time and when I travel to Europe her dad is able to watch her.''' ,'''I think if they did go ahead and include a plus-sized angel, I think it would be such a huge statement from Victoria's Secret especially cause for so long, as a curvy woman, I haven't been able to shop there, able to fit in a lot of their stuff.''' ,'''My mom struggled with her weight so much growing up. I watched her go from a size 2 to a size 22. I just kept seeing her try all these unhealthy ways to lose weight and struggle to be something she wasn't meant to be. I knew early on that I wasn't willing to compromise that way.''' ,'''Cindy Crawford, Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista, Helena Christensen and Claudia Schiffer really proved to me that curves and fashion can work in beautiful harmony.''' ,'''My daughter is 8 years old, and just recently she came to me and said a girl called her fat. And I couldn't imagine that was going on in second grade. It just blows my mind that kids are already being influenced by the media and using words this way.''' ,'''Body positivity is not just an issue for larger women, and I think that's important to acknowledge. It's about including everyone, whether you're transgender, or LGBTQ, it's really about embracing every person's uniqueness.''' ,'''As a single mom, I want to say that having a child does not have to be a setback. You can still reach your dreams and teach your kids to reach for their dreams.''' ,'''I did makeup for a plus-size model a month after I officially quit acting. It was just fate. The photographer was like, 'Have you ever thought of modeling?' It may have been the one thing I never thought was possible for me.''' ,'''What has helped me the most to navigate the business side of the modeling world was having open conversations with colleagues. When I first started out, I asked other models about compensation and started learning more about the business and uncovering the truth. Having these open dialogues helped me understand more about the business side.''' ,'''People always think, 'If I had this job or straighter hair or was skinnier or blonder, I'd be happy,' but really, it's a matter of being able to be happy with who you are.''' ,'''I can be sexy and feel sexy when I'm in full glam hair and makeup for a shoot. I can also feel really sexy when I'm in sweats and no makeup with my daughter.''' ,'''I think that there are a lot of beautiful girls out there in our industry who are really taking a stand and being advocates for happiness and size diversity, and so the consumers are also very vocal.''' ,'''There's no way in the world I would have thought about opening New York Fashion Week or walking in London.''' ,'''There is something about dancing that just makes me feel alive, and it's an amazing workout.''' ,'''I actually moved to L.A. in 2005, and I wanted to be an actress.''' ,'''As a model, it's been really freeing to embrace my individuality and celebrate what makes us all different.''' ,'''Nobody is perfect. So for designers then to be taking chances on curvy women and not saying, 'Oh, you have to be this size to model for us' is really opening the door.''' ,'''I've always been a real stubborn Latina. I'm a Gemini.''' ,'''I'm a Miami girl so I really love to be sassy and get dressed up.''' ,'''Our face tells us a lot about the way we are eating. When people drink too much, they have breakouts that directly affect their face. Just listening to my skin and paying attention to it has taught me a lot.''' ,'''Plus-size girls are now doing beauty campaigns and hair campaigns and so many different things that for so long we fought for and wanted.''' ,'''I think for a while magazines were using celebrities and it's really coming back to the age of the supermodel and models having a name and having a voice and it's refreshing.''' ,'''As a very curvy woman, jeans are always a hard find.''' ,'''My mom was a single mom and I'm an only child, so growing up it was really just me and her against the world.''' ,'''I'm a big believer in Spanx. I live in them.''' ,'''I was raised to believe that sex was for marriage.''' ,'''The biggest piece of advice I can give to other Latinas is to be confident, strong, and secure in who you are.''' ,'''When you have a group of women who are happy and support each other, then you have a group of women who can take over the world.''' ,'''It is about time we reprogram the way women think, and I think it is important to push that toward women who need to understand that beauty is not one-sided.''' ,'''I love my curves. I love my waist. My hips. I feel like so much of it is who I am, so I love it all.''' ,'''Often in life, you get thrown curveballs and how you handle them and how you bounce back from them will define who you are.''' ,'''For acting, classes are a necessity, but for modeling it's really just knowing who you are and knowing how to sell yourself.''' ,'''I always say there's no wrong way to be a woman.''' ,'''Representation is so important for all of us, especially millennials and the next generation.''' ,'''I used to audition for all those Disney Channel shows, and I was always told that I had the leading-lady personality but was too developed and too curvy.''' ,'''I was discovered by a photographer. I literally was in the right place at the right time.''' ,'''A lot of girls get caught up looking at what other people are doing. You've just got to stay in your lane. You've just got to go forward and know that whatever is meant for you is going to come your way.''' ,'''There are so many layers to what makes you feel empowered. Obviously, self-love. If you can't get into that, you can't get into moving to care about others and changing the world.''' ,'''There shouldn't be one size when it comes to runway models.''' ,'''I stand firmly to the fact that you shouldn't have to change who you are to fit into any beauty standards or to be recognized in your job or to move forward in life. You should just be yourself.''' ,'''Seeing my mother struggle with her weight confused me: I looked at her and thought she was beautiful, she was my mom. And this woman, who I looked up to everyday, couldn't see her own beauty?''' ,'''I'm one of those people that knows everything is possible if I just work really hard.''' ,'''I once saw JLo's 'Behind the Music' special, and she said she may not get every role she auditions for but her goal is to make every single person a fan. That stuck with me, and I want to do that every time I see a client.''' ,'''It's so amazing to be able to speak to women across the world and be an example to the next generation.''' ,'''It wasn't until I owned my body and really learned to love it - all of it - that my career just went to a level that I couldn't have expected.''' ,'''I feel the most confident when I'm by the ocean with the salt in my hair and zero makeup on.''' ,'''When you're a curvy girl, it can be hard to find a suit that fits perfectly in all the right places, but Target definitely has accomplished that with their swimwear.''' ,'''I want as many women as possible to see that they are capable. We can do anything.''' ,'''You don't grow up in a Latina household where everyone is curvy thinking that you can be a model. That's just not normal.''' ,'''Most of my shoes are booties.''' ,'''Love is unconditional. Also, love for me is different because I find that - I'm a mom and so for me love for my daughter is gonna always be number one.''' ,'''You're beautiful and you should feel good in your skin, and nobody should tell you otherwise.''' ,'''When I started modeling, there were very few places people could turn to for self-love and a positive community.''' ,'''As a mother, I think it's so important to change the perception of beauty.''' ,'''I'm Spanish: big butt, little waist. I can't be a size 2.''' ,'''I do travel quite and bit and so going to the gym can get tricky at times.''' ,'''I do know that when I started, there weren't very many Latina plus-size models. For a long time, with my look and my body type, I felt like there wasn't a place for me.''' ,'''I've tried a lot of careers: sports, dance. I've kind of pinpointed what I'm not good at to figure out what I'm good at.''' ,'''I consider taking care of my skin one of my priorities. It's also related to do what I do for modeling, so I have to make sure I take care of my skin to make sure I don't have breakouts.''' ,'''Very early on I knew I wanted to be in entertainment.''' ,'''I'm constantly shopping; I'm not going to lie.''' ,'''My body is not meant to small. I think even when I was at my fittest at 13 and 14 years old when I was dancing all the time and I was really active and constantly doing things, I was no smaller than an 8 and I was working my butt off for that.''' ,'''I didn't know how, I didn't know when, but I wanted to act. I wanted to be in films.''' ,'''The way I think about it is there are some people who are supposed to be skinny, because I have friends of mine who are that thin and who eat more than I do and don't gain a pound, but that's just their frame.''' ,'''Of course I would be honored to be the first plus-size Victoria's Secret model.''' ,'''I'm from Miami, and when I was 18, I packed a suitcase and left for L.A. permanently to try and make it as an actor.''' ,'''The more successful you become the more people want to put you down. I've always been very clear on where I stand with that and I'm happy with who I am when I go to sleep.''' ,'''I love a good boot, I'm such a New York girl. I can wear a boot all year round.''' ,'''Skin care is one of the most important things for the body and feeling good.''' ,'''I'm not 6-feet tall and I'm not a size 2, so I never thought there would be an industry for me to fit into.''' ,'''I try to eat healthy and stay active.''' ,'''If I feel good, I look my best.''' ,'''Being you is what defines real beauty.''' ,'''It's a refreshing moment to find a pair of jeans that just fit my curves perfectly and keep their shape - I hate when they start getting baggy at the knees.''' ,'''I grew up in a generation where I really had no one to admire and say, 'Oh, that looks like me and she's successful and she's smart.'''' ,'''I'm a woman - I'd be lying if I said I didn't have insecurities.''' ,]
+++