+++
author = "Kristan Higgins"
title = "Kristan Higgins Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Kristan Higgins Quotes"
keywords = "kristan higgins,kristan higgins quotes,kristan higgins quote,kristan higgins sayings,kristan higgins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One thing about 'Thelma & Louise' we can't forget: Brad Pitt. Oh, yes.''' ,'''Humor writing is something that comes naturally to me.''' ,'''An entire empire built on teenage angst, yes? Thank you, John Hughes!''' ,'''I guess my ambition is simply to keep doing what I'm doing for as long as I can.''' ,'''A lot of people ask for sequels, but what they really want is just to know the characters are happy and safe.''' ,'''It's hard to stop loving someone on cue, especially when he's still so kind and loving toward you.''' ,'''Honestly, my entire childhood could be summed up with one word: Reader. I was always hunched over a book; in fact, I was the only kid in the world who got paler in the summer, because I'd sneak down into our cool, dank cellar and sit alone with a book for hours.''' ,'''After about the age of 13, I was a romance addict. Still am, though I read just about every other genre as well. The only thing I really shy away from is political thrillers.''' ,'''Sometimes, I'll hear from other writers or folks in the publishing industry that my books are rule-breakers, which I take as a compliment.''' ,'''I think writing well takes a little bit of talent and an awful lot of work.''' ,'''You know what I loved about 'Sideways'? Well, the wine, of course. But it was one of the few movies in which being a writer was realistically depicted. I loved how the Paul Giamatti character tries so ineptly to talk about his book.''' ,'''I think it's always interesting to learn what the seemingly spontaneous one-nighter actually reveals about a character.''' ,'''I took piano lessons as a kid, and my daughter's played piano since before she started kindergarten, so classical piano is something I really love.''' ,'''There's something so satisfying about road trip movies - and books!''' ,'''Humor writing requires a rhythm and timing, as well as some kind of connection to the reader, and I think that's how I tap into it.''' ,'''My love of cleaning is symbolic of my desire to rule the world... I always wear a seat belt because I enjoy being alive... and I like having two eyes, so yes to the safety goggles, too!''' ,'''I do think people should be proud and supportive of their friends, in publishing and everywhere else.''' ,'''I think self-doubt, as grim as it can be, makes me a better writer. Stasis and hubris would probably be the death knell for my career.''' ,]
+++