+++
author = "Mc Ren"
title = "Mc Ren Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Mc Ren Quotes"
keywords = "mc ren,mc ren quotes,mc ren quote,mc ren sayings,mc ren saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are too many fakes in the game, and I try to keep my family away from that.''' ,'''Eazy always had jokes.''' ,'''I want to say, to Mr. Gene Simmons, hip-hop is here forever. Get used to it.''' ,'''I was listening to Chuck D, KRS, Rakim, Big Daddy Kane, all the greats, studying them.''' ,'''I don't think I'll be playing the Mirage or the Tropicana when I'm 40.''' ,'''I didn't even go to college. I wish I did.''' ,'''Rock and roll is not an instrument. Rock and roll isn't even a style of music. Rock and roll is a spirit that's been going since the blues, jazz, bebop, soul, R&B, heavy metal, punk rock and, yes, hip-hop.''' ,'''Street raps have to be masculine.''' ,'''I never messed around with gangs.''' ,'''What Jazzy Jeff and rappers like him talk about is phony stuff. They're not into street raps, into telling what's really happening out there. They're talking about what the white world and the white kids can identity with.''' ,'''I've tried to put God first.''' ,'''I was rapping at school, at talent shows. I thought I was a little star.''' ,'''I'm practically a historian.''' ,'''When you're riding around with the fellas, you want to listen to something real masculine, like 'Boyz-in-the-Hood.' How would it look riding around and listening to something wimpy like 'I Need Love' or that phony stuff Jazzy Jeff does?''' ,'''That was my thing - the Raiders hats and all that.''' ,'''I got into rap when I first heard Sugarhill Gang.''' ,'''My house is filled with boxes of books.''' ,'''Ruthless Villain' was supposed to be E's song. But it was too fast for him, so when I rapped it, they was like, 'Man, you might as well just get in the group.'''' ,'''Don't take everything so seriously.''' ,'''I would listen to the other great MCs and work on my delivery all the time.''' ,'''When E started Ruthless, we didn't have to listen to anybody tellin' us what we had to do. That's why the music was so powerful, 'cause we didn't have no barriers.''' ,'''America was built on segregation. It's gonna stay segregated until everyone's equal, and that ain't gonna happen when it's a capitalistic society.''' ,'''Snoop is West Coast. He represents that to the fullest.''' ,'''Let everything fall wherever it's going to fall.''' ,'''Little kid see a cartoon character with a gun, he going to want to carry a gun, right?''' ,'''We was just talking truth. We wasn't trying to be political. We was just trying to be hip-hop artists.''' ,'''Anybody can curse on a record.''' ,'''If you're a black kid from the streets and somebody is rapping about parents not understanding, you'd laugh at that.''' ,'''MTV is cool. Hell, yes, they helped us sell records!''' ,'''I don't want people thinking I'm trying to use Eazy to sell my record. I want to stand on my own two feet.''' ,]
+++