+++
author = "Webb Simpson"
title = "Webb Simpson Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Webb Simpson Quotes"
keywords = "webb simpson,webb simpson quotes,webb simpson quote,webb simpson sayings,webb simpson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd be stupid not to thank my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ because it was tough out there and I was nervous, and I felt his presence all day.''' ,'''It feels great to win and I can't be more thankful to the Lord for walking me through every step. God was and is so faithful every time.''' ,'''One of my thoughts on the back nine was 'I don't know how Tiger has won 14 of these things,' I couldn't feel my legs on the back nine.''' ,'''I think I'm bad luck for Tiger because he missed the cut in Charlotte with me. But yeah, those are two of the best players of all time. Tiger's the best player of all time in my opinion, so when he's not in the field, it's a relief because he's such a great player.''' ,'''I'm a guy who loves my family, and we're probably only going to have a couple of more babies. I have the rest of my life to play the British Open.''' ,'''I wanted to just come out and continue to improve my game, continue to improve my mental capacity to play well in tournaments. I've had a slow year compared to last year, but I've been pleased because I felt like I was getting better.''' ,'''But more than anything I kind of pride myself in continuing the process that we're trying to accomplish, and that's just to get better and work on my fundamentals. So that's been kind of in the theme now for a couple years and we stuck with it and that's kind of what I want to keep doing.''' ,'''To be honest, I never really wrapped my mind around winning.''' ,'''I mean, I think having a great family like I do. You know, I tend to want to give it all I have when I'm at the golf course, and then when I leave I don't want to think about golf at all. And I just remind myself almost daily that golf's just my job, it's not who I am.''' ,'''I felt the Lord telling me just to be patient all year. Whether it happened this year, next, or never, everything was going to be okay.''' ,'''I had a peace all day. I knew it was a tough golf course. I probably prayed more the last three holes than I ever did in my life.''' ,'''I didn't want to settle or become complacent after winning a major, I wanted to stay hungry. It's easy to do. It's easy to win a big tournament and kind of get a little lazy, so it's been a good motivator for me to work a little harder.''' ,]
+++