+++
author = "Seth Meyers"
title = "Seth Meyers Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Seth Meyers Quotes"
keywords = "seth meyers,seth meyers quotes,seth meyers quote,seth meyers sayings,seth meyers saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not a tortured soul.''' ,'''My parents introduced me to 'SNL,' Monty Python, and Richard Pryor probably way earlier than they had any right to.''' ,'''Donald Trump has been saying that he will run for president as a Republican, which is surprising since I just assumed he was running as a joke.''' ,'''I started in high school, and in college, I studied radio, TV, and film. The plan was to be a filmmaker, and it was always comedy.''' ,'''Politicians don't say no to cameras very often.''' ,'''My father is sort of the jokester. My dad is still the funniest guy in our family.''' ,'''I did not go into comedy to escape anything. I went into comedy because I had parents who thought it was a reputable way to earn a living.''' ,'''I don't know what else to do other than tell people what I think to be untruths.''' ,'''Once you get past funny, my other qualities are so below average. It's not like I'm handy.''' ,'''I enjoy talking about politics a great deal.''' ,'''It's very hard to get inside Donald Trump's brain, and I don't want to try.''' ,'''I always thought I'd be a father.''' ,'''The nice thing about anger is that, as an emotion, it's strong enough to unplug me from the comedian's mind for a minute and just be a frustrated member of the citizenry.''' ,'''I'm strictly a sugar-free Red Bull guy. I'd rather enjoy my sugar intake elsewhere.''' ,'''People who know me would not say that, at my core, I'm silly.''' ,'''I'm a bold man. I throw caution to the wind.''' ,'''When my girlfriend and I talk about being happy, I'll get choked up, which I think is the greatest gift you can give a girlfriend.''' ,'''It's weird to sit as a comedian. Being still drives me crazy.''' ,'''People say, 'Oh, you're doing the job of journalists.' I think it's very important to note that we can't do our job without journalists. Journalists can do their job without late-night comedians. They'd be just fine without us. But we, of course, use their work every day to build our pieces.''' ,'''My mother is an incredibly beautiful woman who has laughed at every single thing my father's ever said. At a young age, my brother and I understood that if you can make girls laugh, you can punch well above your weight class.''' ,'''The Earth will be around for a long time before you have a funnier president than Obama. He has a stand-up's cadence and the awareness and ability to make jokes about himself before comedians can. That's a page almost every politician should try to take from his book.''' ,'''I was very much aiming to go into movies eventually, like a lot of 'SNL' people. But, soon after I arrived, all these really good actors started, like Fred Armisen, Bill Hader, Jason Sudeikis and Andy Samberg, and I thought, 'If I were casting a movie, I would put all of them in it over me.'''' ,'''My 'SNL' days of working through the night have come and gone.''' ,'''I'm a terrible grocery shopper. I hardly ever do it. And if I do, there's never more than three things in the bag.''' ,'''I thought Ted Cruz was more fun than Carly Fiorina. And I never thought I would ever say the words, 'Ted Cruz was more fun.'''' ,'''I want people to know my political point of view. There's an appetite for that, almost an expectation. I also want to make people laugh, but I wouldn't want to do it at the expense of my point of view.''' ,'''People appreciate it when you take some time to think about who will be listening to your jokes.''' ,'''I would love to interview Sean Spicer.''' ,'''It's nice to have an elephant in the room. There's nothing more helpful than something everybody's thinking about.''' ,'''It's nice when I get offered small parts. But I really think that 'SNL' is what my skill set is best designed for.''' ,'''I think the greatest gift your parents can give you if you want to be a comedian is good taste.''' ,''''SNL' after-parties are sort of like a time to celebrate your successes and drown your sorrows, depending on how the show went for you.''' ,'''I love cheese plates. Though I actually hate cheese plates. Because I can't say no to them.''' ,'''Donald Trump often appears on Fox, which is ironic because a fox often appears on Donald Trump's head.''' ,'''The hands are the feet of the arms.''' ,'''I don't get the conga line started. I'm not a great choice if the goal of the evening is just a celebration. But if we're going to talk about what's been going on lately, then I can bring something to the table.''' ,'''The first time I had disposable income, the two things I cared most about were a television and a couch.''' ,'''In 2004 I had the fortune - or the misfortune - of playing John Kerry. It was hard because I think the best impressions exaggerate someone's most well-known quality. And exaggerating gravitas is very hard to pull off.''' ,]
+++