+++
author = "Herm Edwards"
title = "Herm Edwards Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Herm Edwards Quotes"
keywords = "herm edwards,herm edwards quotes,herm edwards quote,herm edwards sayings,herm edwards saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you talk about domestic violence, it's not just athletes that are involved in it. Our society has really done a poor job of addressing it. And it needs to come to the forefront.''' ,'''The support of Chiefs fans across the country has been tremendous. They are truly passionate about their football team.''' ,'''What makes us different? Well, besides our skin color and our nationality and maybe our religion, nothing. We all want the same thing, we all want to have success in America.''' ,'''Training camp gets long when you compete against your own guys.''' ,'''You add a good receiver and that will take pressure off your quarterback.''' ,'''I do the right thing on purpose. I don't do it by accident.''' ,'''You gotta use a player's strength.''' ,'''The greatest thing I could say about my son, and this is what you always worry about with your kids, that they kinda outgrow their Mom and Dad. But for him, when I see him, when he calls me Dad, and he can still hug me, he's still like my little boy. Even around his friends, he still calls me Dad.''' ,'''The best thing you do as a coach is develop an environment where these guys can have some success. Vince Lombardi was that way. He cared about these guys not only as football players but also as men.''' ,'''I competed every day as a professional football player... You've got to like competing. That's how your team gets better, when you have competition every day.''' ,'''It's good to have somebody else say what you're thinking.''' ,'''I've worn a lot of hats in the NFL.''' ,'''Coaching is always about changing. That's the life of a football player and a coach.''' ,'''I grew up in the era of the desegregation program. I actually got bussed to a predominately white high school. I didn't have a choice.''' ,'''The players think it's all about them! It's not about them - it's about the game of football, man!''' ,'''I believe in giving people an opportunity to do their jobs.''' ,'''I think Brian Hoyer is a good quarterback.''' ,'''Remember, a receiver can motion wherever, run wherever he wants to on the field, you can't get your hands on the guy and there is a lot of room. When you are a corner, you are playing to the boundary, which is your friend.''' ,'''I kind of know who I am as a man. There's a value system I believe in.''' ,'''It has to be the right fit. Coaching is about fits.''' ,'''My father gave me discipline.''' ,'''I believe you bet on yourself and you commit to something and you give all your energy and effort to it, and that's what I've done my whole life.''' ,'''If you pay a QB $10 million, you don't want him to run the ball.''' ,'''You have an obligation as a player - as an athlete at any level - and it doesn't matter what sport it is. When you sign on, you sign on. You prepare that week to go win. I don't care about your schedule, or how many people got hurt - it doesn't matter. You owe it to the people in the building and guys in the huddle to prepare yourself to win.''' ,'''I was a bit of a rebel when I was young.''' ,'''As you get older, the quality of life is more important.''' ,'''The thing about wisdom is you store the past in your head.''' ,'''When it gets going bad and it gets going to where all these things are happening around you, the thing that stands out most is your character. You have to make sure you keep your character and your wits about you, because at the end of the day, it might be bad for a little while, but if you're a good coach it all works out.''' ,'''College has become a wide-open game - a lot of short passes, quick passes. Then you go to the pros and it's a whole different ballgame - things are happening faster, the patterns have to be more precise. Getting off the line of scrimmage is more difficult.''' ,'''I don't need validation from people at all.''' ,'''In life, there's second chances. But that doesn't mean everyone gets a second chance with your team. That's where your moral compass comes in.''' ,'''We learn a lot of life lessons in how we play this great game, and I've been fortunate enough to be involved in it at every level.''' ,'''I am looking forward to sharing the knowledge I have accumulated as a player, coach and member of the working media with the students at the Cronkite School.''' ,'''I don't go crazy but I have those spurts.''' ,'''People who've watched me on television, they go, 'Oh, that's who this guy is.' So when I walk into their home, they say, 'Coach, you're that same guy! We trust you with our son.'''' ,'''Believe in what you do and keep working hard and you can't take what people say personally, because if you do it'll eat at you.''' ,'''When I got in this profession, as a young guy, as a college coach at San Jose State, I knew right then that I had a passion to do this, to touch people's lives, to develop young men in the game of football.''' ,'''I like to have fun.''' ,'''As a coach, you're like a teacher. You don't give the players their talent. God gives them talent, but you can give them knowledge, and you can give them information.''' ,'''When you're on TV, you're still coaching, believe it or not. You're just coaching America, you're not coaching one team.''' ,'''To be quite honest, and anybody will tell you, growing up I was going to be a pro athlete. I didn't have any option. That was my way out.''' ,'''I've always said that your attitude is your best friend and your worst enemy.''' ,'''I was a guy that worked out early in the morning.''' ,'''Too often, people equate discipline with cursing. When you go to Catholic school, the nuns don't curse a word, but you get discipline.''' ,'''You don't want an emotional team; you want a passionate team.''' ,'''The job of the offense is not to score points. The job of the defense is not to stop the other team from scoring points.''' ,'''I used to tell people I was 6-foot-4. And with that afro, I was.''' ,'''No one player is bigger than the team.''' ,'''Fans have their own idea about who to hire; that's what makes football great.''' ,'''I think I bring a good perspective because I did a lot of things in the NFL - player, head coach, assistant and scout.''' ,'''When you're an athlete, the one thing you're concerned about is injury, because that's the No. 1 thing that can take you out.''' ,'''When you have kids, you never think of burying your own child.''' ,'''One of my daughters was born in Kansas City. I spent almost 10 years there.''' ,'''You don't forget how to coach.''' ,'''If you draft a player to be a backup, why did you draft him? You're drafting a guy because you think he's worthy of being drafted at that spot, but you're also drafting him because you think he can compete. If you're going to say, 'This guy's a backup,' - really? That doesn't make any sense to me.''' ,'''And when you're a coach your main concern is the players and the coaches. The last concern you have is really about yourself.''' ,'''People are going to take shots at you for everything you did bad, and they forget about all the good things you did. They do it to everyone. They're going to do it to me, they've done it to all of them. They did it to Tom Landry. Are you kidding me? Tom Landry? With the fedora? Come on. They did it to Tom Landry.''' ,'''There's good times and bad times. That's part of the coaching. You live with the ups and downs of it but at the end, it's about not only winning games, it's about developing men.''' ,'''Coaches? They can talk. I tell them: 'Just make sure before you open your mouth you've researched what you're about to say. Don't just say stuff. And if you don't have anything good to say, don't say anything.'''' ,'''It used to be that the hardest thing to cover was underthrown balls. Then coaches began to think, 'So why not start throwing back-shoulder fades?'''' ,'''I'm big on integrity.''' ,'''Coaches are well aware, especially at quarterback, that it's not the system but the player who comes first.''' ,'''I'm a neat freak.''' ,'''The world of football has changed. 'We're going to start a freshman quarterback!' 'Oooh really?!' That was taboo. It's not a shock anymore.''' ,'''I'm Catholic now, I'm Christian, watch out for them Devils.''' ,'''Oh, I still get a little anxiety when I'm doing NFL live for ESPN.''' ,'''I am a head coach in the NFL today because of the opportunity the Coaching Fellowship provided me. The program is really the thing that jump-starts your career.''' ,'''I don't think anybody that coaches ever fully quits.''' ,'''At heart, I'm still a coach. I'm always a coach.''' ,'''Football ignites my soul.''' ,'''I won't change my character for anybody.''' ,'''I believe this, we are all gifted for the talent - God blesses everybody with a talent. Mine was to play football. Some are to be scientists. Some are to be doctors. Sometimes because of the situation you grow up in, you can never display your talent because you can't get out of that situation.''' ,'''It doesn't matter where you grow up, what color you are, what religion you are. It's just a bunch of guys that come together for a common cause. Let's go win this game. It's called team.''' ,'''I wanted to give back to football what it's given me. So, I decided, 'I'm going to be a coach.'''' ,'''When you become an athlete, you live in this bubble. You're in the world, but you're not in the world.''' ,'''You get fired. You get cut. That's just part of it, man. You don't worry about it, but what you do is you make sure that you left it better for the next guy.''' ,'''My passion is from my mom. She was passionate about leaving Germany and coming to America and making a life for her and her family. My father - discipline, a chain of command, it works this way.''' ,'''You play to win the game.''' ,'''The thing you miss most, when you don't play and you don't coach, is the huddle. You miss the huddle. You miss the ability to walk in the room where collectively players are from everywhere. Every race, every religion, every color. It don't matter, because you've got a common goal. You're trying to be something special as a team.''' ,'''It wasn't the ghetto here or anything like that. But it got rough. I'll put it this way. I always knew where I lived. I always knew I was in Seaside. That wasn't plush. I wasn't in Monterey. I wasn't in Carmel. I was in Seaside. I knew what that meant.''' ,'''When you put pressure on the quarterback, everything looks a lot better.''' ,'''When I wake up, I don't worry about why the mountain is there. I just start climbing.''' ,'''If all you ever play with a cornerback in there is man to man, it is a disadvantage.''' ,'''One thing you know about playoff competition is this: If you have a hot quarterback and your defense can take the ball away, you don't need to have a dominant defense anymore.''' ,'''Being a part of the NFL for 30 years was a blessing.''' ,'''I like challenges.''' ,'''I'm very observant. I see more than people think I'm seeing.''' ,'''The rules of the game really have given the offense an advantage, especially with pass interference.''' ,'''You don't quit in sports. You retire. You don't get to quit. It's not an option.''' ,'''The one thing I've tried to do is be insightful.''' ,'''I want to spend more time with my two daughters.''' ,''''Jim Thorpe - All American' influenced me as a young kid.''' ,'''I grew up in the early '60s, and there was a lot of civil rights, a lot of unrest in our country.''' ,'''When you lose a good player, it's like losing a quarterback.''' ,'''That's the great thing about sports: You play to win, and I don't care if you don't have any wins. You go play to win. When you start telling me it doesn't matter, then retire. Get out. 'Cause it matters.''' ,'''This is the world you live in when you're a football player, an athlete. You want someone to discipline you. You want to have consistency. You want a guy that puts you in position so that you can have success.''' ,'''You're in pro football, it's kind of interesting, because when you win, you draft last. In college football, you recruit. You gotta go after guys.''' ,'''Was I hurt sometimes? Yeah. But not to the point where I couldn't play. I think we all go through it. Some guys escape it. Some guys don't. There's no secret formula.''' ,'''Nobody on this earth can intimidate me.''' ,'''Curtis Martin just has to be Curtis Martin, and whatever that is, that's good enough. He doesnt have to be Clark Kent or Lois Lane.''' ,]
+++