+++
author = "Helen Baxendale"
title = "Helen Baxendale Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Helen Baxendale Quotes"
keywords = "helen baxendale,helen baxendale quotes,helen baxendale quote,helen baxendale sayings,helen baxendale saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've never had a facial, ever.''' ,'''People latch on to characters who are rude or naughty or bad. Look at JR in 'Dallas' or Angie in 'EastEnders.' They're the best parts, the parts people want to be like.''' ,'''I originally wanted to be a ballet dancer and trained for years, but when I was around 18, I realized I wasn't going to be as good a ballet dancer as I'd hoped I'd be and decided to become an actress instead.''' ,'''I look stern because I've got high cheekbones and a pointy nose, and a lot of my characters have been quite stubborn.''' ,'''I really didn't want to stay in Los Angeles. I was working constantly and feeling so guilty that I wasn't at home.''' ,'''We've still got a cathode ray TV with a big back. An ancient, massive thing. All our teenagers' friends come round and say the TV's really cool. The picture is so much better than HD TVs - everything looks like film. It's not digital, and we still haven't got Netflix. It's too confusing.''' ,'''There is this perception that TV is glamorous and it is the pinnacle of your existence - I don't think it is.''' ,'''I've pursued every avenue open to me ever, so I don't really understand the idea that I walked away from opportunities.''' ,'''Today's culture is based on selling us a lifestyle that does not exist. It is selling us values that are worth nothing. It is plain wrong.''' ,'''I want to age the way that life makes you age, because there's beauty in autumn and winter and I think people forget that.''' ,'''I have no problem switching off.''' ,'''I'm not that much of a celebrity really so I don't know if it makes any difference whatsoever. But if any publicity can be gained at all for a brilliant charity like Friends Of The Earth, that's great.''' ,'''I used to try to carry the weight of my character around with me, but I just can't do that now, it's too hard.''' ,'''I have to enjoy life - it is a privilege to be an actor and I love what I do, so I will act those moments and then do my best to switch off - life is too short.''' ,'''When I'm filming I feel guilty about never seeing the children, but when I've not been working for six months I begin to think: 'Who am I?'''' ,'''Those people in 'Friends' could not go out without being hounded, shouted at or followed. Who wants that? I don't want that.''' ,'''I always loved films.''' ,'''I've had my taste of huge fame and it was OK, but I'm an actress, not a celebrity.''' ,'''I read 'Mommie Dearest,' and while I am not comparing myself to Joan Crawford, I will never uproot my child. I won't make my daughter move. I'd rather not work than do that.''' ,'''I don't know what drippy means, but it's not very nice. To be drippy. I don't feel like I drip much at all.''' ,'''When you're given the chance, you can't really not go to the Caribbean, can you?''' ,'''I'd make all schoolchildren take ballet lessons every morning. And I'd ban advertising aimed at children.''' ,'''It will be very exciting to watch how the industry responds to filmmakers getting closer and closer to their audiences - and they must, as for too long it has been quite impossible for filmmakers to actually get anywhere near to revenues arising from their work. Too many middlemen!''' ,'''I don't think I could cope with being David Schwimmer-ly famous.''' ,'''I remember wearing old long johns, my dad's silk paisley dressing gown, chopped off at the waist, and lots of crucifixes - trying to look like Madonna. But I wasn't breaking any moulds, I was just trying to follow somebody else.''' ,'''You don't keep in contact with many of the people you work with because there are so many. Acting's just a transient job, very occasionally you'll meet people and really hit it off but generally you just know people to say hello to.''' ,'''Everything is nerve-wracking at first. Maybe it's getting older! I don't think I used to be so nervous.''' ,'''People know me but can't quite place me - they squint at me like I might be their old school teacher or a woman they've seen down the local pub.''' ,'''Good love and romance aren't always what the hype cracks them up to be.''' ,'''I never felt sorry for the people in 'Friends' though. They had enormous wealth and they were very funny, creative people who gave a lot of people happiness.''' ,'''I don't have any regrets whatsoever because it has been my life. I've been very privileged, I'm lucky and I'm still alive.''' ,'''In career terms it would have been preferable for me to have done 'Friends,' because it lifts you and just, mmmm, gives you some kind of cachet.''' ,'''It's hard to balance work-life commitments and sometimes you feel you're not doing anything particularly well.''' ,''''Friends' was great fun, but I was just there so they could make some funny jokes about England.''' ,'''I think that happens every five years or so when 'Friends' moves to a different channel. I think basically everybody has seen it now. It's so good, and timeless. Actually I don't know if it's timeless, I haven't seen it for years.''' ,'''If you are blonde with a little nose people always think you are gentle and not very bright.''' ,'''Loads of people call me Bax. In my family I'm often called Hel, which isn't as nice.''' ,'''I've never done a zip wire. I'm a scaredy-cat.''' ,'''As a teenager I was quite conventional in the way I dressed, more so than now. I tried to be rebellious but I was really lame at it.''' ,'''When you're young you don't appreciate your youth and marvel in it like you should, you find endless flaws instead.''' ,'''I certainly don't get the opportunities I had when I was younger.''' ,'''I'm not steely ambitious.''' ,'''People's memories are quite short. Often people think they recognize me from down the shops or something.''' ,'''I never saw myself as proper grown up.''' ,'''If you're going to be pigeon-holed as anything as a woman, it's good to be pigeon-holed as someone with an acid tongue who gets things done.''' ,'''Seriously though, most films worth their salt will have something to say about the world we live in. Even 'Avatar' claimed that!''' ,'''I'm not a natural comedian.''' ,'''I met my partner, actor David Elliot, when we were both in the play 'La Ronde' by Arthur Schnitzler.''' ,'''Women are under-represented in every walk of life.''' ,'''I've never had my nails done - look at them!''' ,'''I have noticed that there are fewer parts for women of a certain age. You hit a certain age, and undoubtedly there's less opportunity. That's not all right. Who wants to see only men on our screens?''' ,'''It's actually a privileged existence - I get to do some work, but I can walk down the street and have an absolutely normal life, rather than existing in some strange bubble.''' ,'''I had a little glimpse of what fame holds, and I decided it held a load of nothing.''' ,''''Beyond The Pole's Facebook page has been incredibly instrumental in introducing us to new people and to making connections with journalists, cinemas everything.''' ,'''I let people down a lot.''' ,'''I feel I know Cape Town very well now having been there twice and for six weeks at a time.''' ,'''Everybody looks after you when you're an actor, and you lose all sense of responsibility.''' ,'''It's less frightening to do television, theatre is very nerve-wracking, very raw.''' ,'''I like to have some time off after doing a job and spend some time with my family.''' ,'''I wanted to have children and I wanted to be with the person I was in love with.''' ,'''Heights are a problem for me. I'm not a brave flier and I'd never jump out of a plane or do a bungee jump.''' ,'''I find children still come up to me and say 'You're Emily from Friends.'''' ,'''I have vivid memories of my dad watching 'Not the Nine o'Clock News.' I didn't really get it but I thought it was hilarious because he was laughing.''' ,'''There are so many detective shows on television, aren't there? There's a real glut of grisly and violent ones, that aren't my cup of tea.''' ,'''It's like I'm held up as some kind of beacon of England - or some bloody British bulldog.''' ,'''I've never had my feet done and never had my legs waxed.''' ,'''If I'm on a beach I'm the one to find the ammonite, or in a field I'll find the four-leaf clover.''' ,'''I watched 'Raiders Of The Lost Ark' about 90 times and knew every word.''' ,'''I just knew it would be good fun playing Agatha Christie.''' ,'''What was great about 'Cold Feet' is that although it flew off down all different avenues, it was really based on believing the reality of the characters.''' ,'''People expect because it is called 'Friends' that everyone was great friends, but they were real professionals.''' ,'''Listen, I'm extremely lucky. I can't complain at all. I've had a very good go at it. But there is no doubt that as a woman it gets harder as you get older. I don't think it's so hard for men - that's the same in a lot of industries.''' ,'''When I was growing up, we used to be like the Royle family, sitting around watching lots of TV and commenting on it. It was our focal point.''' ,'''I really don't feel much of a pull to go back to work. It's a difficult one because I don't want to end up with no career.''' ,'''It's surprisingly easy to get teenagers to watch subtitles.''' ,'''I suit high passions, and I can play women who have undercurrents going on.''' ,'''Of course you come back after a long day and are heavy hearted when all of your scenes are unremittingly upsetting or angry, but I don't take it home with me.''' ,'''Energy is infectious.''' ,''''Friends' and 'Cold Feet' seem like a lifetime ago. That whole period is like a weird, bizarre blip or a surreal dream.''' ,'''It's not like I'm back for bath-time and bedtime for the children. You're back when they are asleep and you go out before they wake up. Really, that time when they are young goes all too quickly.''' ,'''I don't have enormous riches, but I'm comfortable.''' ,'''I don't know what I'm like. I'm better acting someone further away from myself.''' ,'''Childhood is pretty fantastic but every age has its moments of beauty.''' ,'''Valentine's Day isn't always as much fun as many of us would like.''' ,'''Our after-dinner entertainment would be a little family party. We'd string up twinkling fairy lights, put on some music and dance around in the glow of the fire.''' ,'''Fame just didn't fit in with my life.''' ,'''I obviously wasn't cool enough as a teenager.''' ,'''I don't like conflict.''' ,'''For me, acting is like a holiday. I spend a lot of time at home with my kids, and then every so often I go out and flex my creative muscles on stage.''' ,'''It's frightening to go onto a stage, particularly in the first few days.''' ,'''I'm getting quite into ancient barrows and the like these days.''' ,'''Each job I do is a bit of a logistical nightmare because of the kids, so I always feel like I need a good rest afterwards.''' ,'''I don't know if there are many misconceptions. One is that my birthday is on Valentine's Day. It's on 7 June.''' ,''''Cuckoo' really is one of the best shows I've ever been in. I'm genuinely excited and proud to be a part of it.''' ,'''I love the idea of seeing a character - I mean, there's nothing like seeing a character and having the huge detail and roundness that a character in a book can give you. It's so much more full than a character in a script can give you, isn't it?''' ,'''With social media there seems to be controversy at everything.''' ,'''After I'd been on Friends, people would whisper as I went past. I no longer had proper dialogues with people.''' ,'''It was lovely going back to work; it felt like a break to be honest.''' ,'''I used to be terribly vain. I'd spend a lot of time pampering myself and applying make-up and hoping that I'd look nice.''' ,'''People in TV don't want leading actresses over 40.''' ,]
+++