+++
author = "Kimora Lee Simmons"
title = "Kimora Lee Simmons Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Kimora Lee Simmons Quotes"
keywords = "kimora lee simmons,kimora lee simmons quotes,kimora lee simmons quote,kimora lee simmons sayings,kimora lee simmons saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can't stand when girls come to me and say they want to be a model, but they can't tell me who the top three photographers are in the world. They can't tell me who the top five biggest models are or name three cosmetics companies. They can't even name the top fashion magazines! You have to get it together and know your stuff.''' ,'''I'm very determined, honest, open and definitely very energetic. I expect a lot as a boss and I'm very demanding, but I ask that of myself too.''' ,'''I'm lucky, always hopeful... I love my life.''' ,'''I don't believe that fashion should exclude people - I have always been about making it accessible to everyone.''' ,'''I have help, but I'm very hands-on in everything I do. I do normal stuff, I'm a normal mother and I'm a very hardworking woman and I have hundreds of products and many businesses that I do.''' ,'''Study the field that you want to get into and know everything about it.''' ,'''Yes, I'm quirky, loud and crazy.''' ,'''I'm much more into old-world, intimate conversations on the phone. I like to write letters.''' ,'''You don't have to dumb down - you just have to find a clever, good, secure man. I've found a couple - I've been lucky - but it's probably hard for everybody to find that true love of a good man.''' ,'''I have a lot of hang-ups in life with men. I'm not very trusting.''' ,'''My girls and I regularly go through their rooms to find clothes and toys to donate to charities. I firmly believe that children who have been given so much need to experience the joy that comes from giving.''' ,'''I wanted my closet to look like a boutique.''' ,'''All children can do things to help, whether how big or small - by donating toys or lending a hand in the community.''' ,'''I look forward to spring cleaning and putting things in their place. It's therapeutic for me.''' ,'''Very few people know this, but I love organizational products and tools. One of my favorite places to shop are container stores where you can get bins, boxes and crates to organize your life.''' ,'''I don't apologize for my diamonds, Rolls-Royce, Range Rover, or anything. Look, Queen Elizabeth has more diamonds than me. Why don't people attack her for it?''' ,'''It's not always about the money and the fame, and a lot of people think that it is sometimes.''' ,'''I'm not one of those Hollywood moms where my kid is three weeks old and I'm a size zero. I'm a real woman and I'm a working woman and a working mom.''' ,'''Live honestly to a higher note. Life is too short. So, do the best you can and live your life to a higher note.''' ,'''Women call me all the time and tell me, 'You inspired me to get out of a bad situation,' or 'You inspired me to take the reigns for myself and go and do this.' I try to tell people to live their best life, and do what you know you need to do for yourself and your family. You need to be supported.''' ,'''I represent luxury, and that's what I love.''' ,'''My family is the most important thing to me.''' ,'''I don't eat too much. I don't have a lot of time, but I can get in a little treadmill. I eat healthily just because it's good for me, and running after my three kids takes a lot of energy.''' ,'''I have a really big mouth, I have a lot of opinions and I will be heard.''' ,'''I think my customers, my fans are really like my family now - it's like a movement of fabulosity.''' ,'''Being a working mom, you want to make a difference in our schools, which is making a difference in our children and ultimately it's making a difference in our community.''' ,'''I was bullied and picked on because I was so different to everyone else, and I definitely didn't believe or even know I was fabulous back then. But those hard times made me everything I am today. It's all water under the bridge now, but being bullied and going through adversity definitely made me stronger.''' ,'''I am not the kind of girl that gets in trouble.''' ,'''It was tough for me at school... trying to blend in and get along with other kids. I was an oddity and kids are scared of things they don't understand.''' ,'''It's not about how skinny you are or how much money or how many diamonds you have - that's the fluff that people sometimes look at as being the main thing. It's about understanding that the things that make you fabulous are all inside of you.''' ,'''You never want to do anything that you don't want your mother to see, because it will haunt you and eventually come back to bite you!''' ,'''I'm fiercely protective of my children even though we are on TV.''' ,'''Yes, I live a crazy, exciting, whatever life, but I do think it's quite relatable because it has to be - I'm just a girl from St Louis, Missouri that has lived life like anyone else. There are things that are crazy and over the top, but the basic thread is my family, my career, trying to live and pursuing my dreams.''' ,'''I put my family first, and that's why for a long time, you didn't see me dating or hear about me dating or hear about me out. I had other focuses in my life, and that would be my family and my work.''' ,'''I try not to be neurotic; I try to create and present healthy body image.''' ,''''Fabulosity' is to get up when you've been kicked down, and it's not to go after who kicked you down.''' ,'''For me it's always God, family, and then my work.''' ,'''Even if you can't afford to travel the world, you can take your children to the museum, zoo or local park. And don't be afraid to take them to grown-up spots. Eating out in a restaurant teaches children how to be quiet and polite and gives them the pleasure of knowing you trust them to behave.''' ,'''I try to do everything from the viewpoint of what's best for my kids. I have three kids and two great dads and it's not always easy, but you have to try to be a little selfless and we manage just fine.''' ,'''You can never control other people. You can only control yourself. I have definitely learned that.''' ,'''I feel like I'm a good motivator; I'm very determined.''' ,'''We've all heard these statistics that teachers at times go into their pockets in the tune of several hundred dollars a year to pay for school supplies and materials. It's not normal.''' ,'''A lot of the things I hold onto have memories attached to them. Bags, shoes and jewelry that were given to me from photo shoots and fashion shows throughout my career.''' ,'''You don't see me in the clubs unless I'm throwing a party for Fashion Week.''' ,'''Fabulosity. It's a state of being.''' ,'''Relationships do change throughout the course of your life, and I always think in terms of relationships changing and evolving rather than starting and stopping.''' ,'''I think one great tip is that you should always love yourself. If you don't love yourself, take care of yourself, cater to yourself and that little inner voice, you will really not be very worthy of being with someone else, because you won't be the best version of you.''' ,'''I'm very neurotic is what my closet says about me. It's always in great order.''' ,'''I worked with the best - Givenchy, Dior, Yves Saint Laurent - and it gave me an ability to be confident. It turned me into a CEO and a creative director and a brand.''' ,'''Like every mom, you try to juggle, but I also want people to know that you don't have to be a superhero. I'm not a superhero; I have a team of people who help me. I have a great family support system.''' ,'''I'm a girl's girl. I'm a woman's woman. I'm a cool girl.''' ,]
+++