+++
author = "Dizzee Rascal"
title = "Dizzee Rascal Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Dizzee Rascal Quotes"
keywords = "dizzee rascal,dizzee rascal quotes,dizzee rascal quote,dizzee rascal sayings,dizzee rascal saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Even I find myself boring sometimes.''' ,'''When you hear 'I Luv U,' that's me doing Three 6 Mafia. That actual track is a mix of 'What's Your Fantasy?' by Ludacris and 'Is That Yo Chick?' by Jay Z. That's my version of that track.''' ,'''For a bit I was going mad trying to do martial arts twice a week and go to the gym and do weights, but that can make you ill if you balance it with flying around and living like I do, so I narrowed it down.''' ,'''Sometimes you might get inspired by something, write about it, then later that lyrics sounds better on another beat. That's happened a few times. Like 'Dance Wiv Me' - those lyrics didn't start on that beat.''' ,'''The name Dirtee Stank came from a lyric I had when I was 17 or 16. Lyrical tank, like my name was Frank, going on dirty, going on stank. It sounded like a good name!''' ,'''I'm from east London.''' ,'''I swear too much.''' ,'''I quite like thai boxing. But then I'm not surprised because I did taekwondo and karate and judo and all of that when I was a kid, and then just stopped when I got a bit older.''' ,'''To an extent, everyone is jealous of everyone.''' ,'''I think there's loads of undiagnosed depression where I came from. Post-traumatic stress disorder as well. Some of the things you see as a kid are like the things you'd expect to see in a war zone, but there's no one to talk to about it because running to a psychiatrist ain't the thing.''' ,'''I learned to MC over drum 'n' bass music.''' ,'''I'm not gonna lie; I don't always like everything about Bow and I don't always like everyone in Bow and they don't always like me but on the whole I love where I come from. I'm proud of where I come from and I'm proud to represent that area.''' ,'''When you're actually boxing, unless it's a proper grudge match, it's less about beating the person up and more about being better within yourself. Being patient, timing things, like chess, so really, it's as much down to you as what the other person does - and that's life.''' ,'''I'm not afraid to embrace different music and different culture and put it in the music.''' ,'''Kids need to be taught that your dreams aren't just dreams. Whatever they are, it's OK to push for them.''' ,'''I grew up on the pirate radio scene which started out as drum 'n' bass music. U.K. garage picked up and got bigger on the back end of that.''' ,'''People can't look down on grime anymore, it's an established British genre.''' ,'''I come from nothing, man.''' ,'''People classify things and that's fair enough. But if somebody wants to make something different, that doesn't make them any less of an artist.''' ,'''Hip hop is the way it is because of America.''' ,'''I think it don't matter what colour you are, it matters what colour your heart is and your intentions.''' ,'''No U.K. rapper has been in my position; there are loads of big rappers like Tinie Tempah or Skepta, but no one has done what I have: had mainstream success with underground music and pop music.''' ,'''Music's something that I really wasn't pushed into, it was something I just kinda chose, I just kept pushing myself, and it was all down to me.''' ,'''If you believe, you can achieve, innit.''' ,'''There's a real gun culture in the U.K., for those who don't know. It's very real.''' ,'''America is the land of the hustler: it's bigger, bolder, flasher, more in your face, whereas England's more about attention to detail - trying to be refined and classy, and I think a lot of people in the urban scene in this country have had trouble accepting that.''' ,'''Where I'm from, there ain't a lot of other options, you know what I'm saying? Entertainment or football or crime. I don't want to spread the message that all you can do is music or sport. You can be anything. Anything. That's the message I like to spread.''' ,'''I'm going to be big like Michael Jackson.''' ,'''I'll never run out of things to rap about. Sometimes you sit there and think, 'I can't do it, I can't do it.' Then something happens and you start writing.''' ,'''If you are going to work, you might as well follow your heart, because nothing in life is easy and if it's going to be hard, it might as well be what you really want.''' ,'''Barack Obama embraced hip-hop, man. That's the way he got through to kids.''' ,'''Grime 4 Corbyn? I just don't know what I'm supposed to feel about that - does he even listen to grime?''' ,'''I got an A for music and it was at school that I learned to build a beat.''' ,'''I like staying in. I'm that kind of guy.''' ,'''Yeah, I like Three Six Mafia and stuff like that.''' ,'''I like that the sight of me can make people happy. That's nice innit? I like that people like my music. I like that you get perks sometimes. Sometimes people treat you better, but through that there's the opposite as well.''' ,'''I dominated the underground and then I dominated the overground, and I did that on my own.''' ,'''No one can establish what selling out is.''' ,'''In Miami, there's a buzz there, everyone out there's partying - it's crazy.''' ,'''I'm definitely not proud of some of the stuff I did as a youth, but that's where my mind-frame was at one point in my life, and I can't pretend those things didn't happen. I'm not glorifying them, I'm trying to make them into art.''' ,'''That's the difference between me and a lot of rappers. So many are unfit, just puffing all the time.''' ,'''I go everywhere quiet - like a ninja. Always have done. Think big, move quiet.''' ,'''Seeing different sides of life, seeing different sides of society, that's what London's all about. When I was young my mum always tried to make me do that.''' ,'''Rappers and MCs have always had an alias. Building your character, it helps you to get things out.''' ,'''There's things that I say that people wouldn't say. And just putting across my vulnerability as a person in my music as well. A lot of people wouldn't do that, everyone wants to be hard.''' ,'''Life is hard enough. Life is always going to be hard, so you need to push for what you want.''' ,'''I take risks.''' ,'''Some people will never let the grime thing go, but my fifth album is not meant to sound like my first album.''' ,'''I see all that celebrity stuff now as whatever, man. What's more important is that everyday people are liking my music, it's got to that stage. I've worked really hard for a long time for it to come to this point, where I'm putting smiles on people's faces, and I'm loving it.''' ,'''I don't think I was ever really a normal kid. I always wanted to do it big, and so I was always on the lookout for strong people I could learn from.''' ,'''People talk about the pop part - they don't talk about me being an independent artist. I made it look easy, that's the problem!''' ,'''I don't like to be picked on. Growing up where I did you learn to fight.''' ,'''I like to work with the best artists, full stop, around the world, and just make things happen man.''' ,'''All that really moves me is music.''' ,'''I'm an entertainer.''' ,'''In the end, music was the only option open to me. It was a blessing I pursued it. I put all my energies into it. I didn't care about no other subjects.''' ,'''I was making grime before anyone else.''' ,'''My first school is gone - turned into flats.''' ,'''I'd done plenty of dark stuff and edgy stuff and hardcore stuff, and I kind of found that stuff easy.''' ,'''When I was young I used to watch MTV, Nirvana, or Guns N' Roses.''' ,'''My fans are lunatics. I encourage mosh pits, I encourage lunacy, I make music to let go to.''' ,'''People used to shoot their guns while I was MCing.''' ,'''Sometimes people chat loosely. Sometimes people just speak their minds and what's on their mind ain't necessarily real or facts, so I don't take it too serious. I'm more interested in making the music, I don't really play that.''' ,'''There's a lot going on music-wise in L.A. It's a wicked place to wake up, there's sunshine, you go to the studio, see all these really talented producers.''' ,'''Everything kind of happened like: 'Bam!' for me. One minute I was living on a council estate somewhere, then I won the Mercurys, then all of a sudden press and people were in my face.''' ,'''Some people don't want to be helped, they want to do what they're doing, it's all they know.''' ,'''I pride myself on the energy I put on stage.''' ,'''Every summer in my old area, Bow, these kids from across the road used to bring out quad bikes in the park. They let me have a go, and I don't know what was wrong with me, but I drove straight into a gate and fractured my big toe. I had this mad limp for ages.''' ,'''I found it funny I was on 'Newsnight.'''' ,'''My London is racy. Hyper. Unpredictable. Uncontrollable. Er. Intense.''' ,'''You can never have enough winter jackets.''' ,'''I made hardcore music and that came kind of easy - it was what I knew. But it was a challenge for me to make a big pop tune.''' ,'''When I was growing up, it was 'All Eyes On Me' by Tupac and 'Doggy Style' by Snoop Dogg. I've met Snoop and he's the best. They say you shouldn't meet your idol - that definitely doesn't apply to him.''' ,'''I always put people with my kind of background first.''' ,'''There's so much to London, so many different kinds of people and people are the key to life, but my favourite part? It's got to be Bow, where I come from.''' ,'''If you want real truth, I'll tell you real truth, even though I know a lot of people aren't gonna like it.''' ,'''As a kid, I felt I had it bad - and people where I came from did - but if I'd been in a similar position in America, it could've been 10 times worse. We have the NHS. We don't have slums like I've seen in the Deep south, or shocking intolerance.''' ,'''I grew up and learnt to hold my own. My mum was doing two people's jobs. It makes you grow up early. There's less people to talk to, less close people, innit? You're going to end up being lonely because you think a bit more.''' ,'''I'm not really going to defend anyone's lyrics.''' ,'''I don't really class myself as a musician, I can make music but I'm not the greatest technically. There were other people who were technically better than me in school but I knew how I wanted to sound and all I needed was to work out how to do it.''' ,'''I liked going to the Caribbean, just having nice holidays, do you know what I mean?''' ,'''When I go Miami, I go deep-sea fishing. I love doing that.''' ,'''I think a black man, purple man, Martian man can run the country... as long as he does right by the people.''' ,'''I'm the first British artist to have two successive number ones on his own independent label.''' ,'''London's where I grew up and had most of my experiences.''' ,'''School would have been pretty dead really for me without music. I liked IT, and English was all right, but that was it.''' ,'''When you're doing things like Glastonbury main stage, and there's 80,000 people and your hits are going off, it's at those moments you sit back and breathe and take it in, man, cos it might never happen again.''' ,'''People who criticise me are just jealous.''' ,'''I just go to the gym once every few weeks and go training once or twice a week. But it's all pretty random.''' ,'''The world's a jungle in my eyes, innit? Everything's tribal. If you see someone who don't look like you - especially the colour of your skin - you're going to be suspicious, or not as welcoming or warming, innit? I've learned not to take it too personal.''' ,'''I'm not that guy in the suit, speaking the Queen's English. I don't need to be. I've done enough. I can go on 'Newsnight' as me.''' ,'''I was a drum 'n' bass DJ at first but not any one of note.''' ,'''In each genre, I've been around the biggest. In pop I toured with Justin Timberlake, with reggae it was Sean Paul; I toured with Jay-Z and the Red Hot Chili Peppers. It's all an education for me, to see how they do it.''' ,'''I come from the underground, from the ground.''' ,'''Politicians... say what they say - you might get every now and again a genuine one, innit? But I think people, like, as a whole make the difference.''' ,'''Yeah, I love festivals, man.''' ,'''I actually really like DJ Assault - a Detroit a ghetto tech DJ, who's produced good music that's influenced me a bit.''' ,'''NME is normally associated with indie rock. It ain't something I read as a kid.''' ,'''That's what the world's about - different perspectives.''' ,'''I sometimes think I should write a book. I've seen some things, you know, but it's all there in the songs.''' ,]
+++