+++
author = "Sheherazade Goldsmith"
title = "Sheherazade Goldsmith Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Sheherazade Goldsmith Quotes"
+++
- If you're trying to cut down the distance travelled from the farm to your plate, it makes sense to do the same for your pet. If we all shifted our bias towards sustainable pet food, we would be helping more than just our faithful friends.
- Coral reefs represent some of the world's most spectacular beauty spots, but they are also the foundation of marine life: without them many of the sea's most exquisite species will not survive.
- Somehow, a scrubbed house spells a fresh start.
- Over the years, the diamond industry has had a devastating impact in countries such as Sierra Leone, Angola and the Congo, where profits from the sale of diamonds have been used to fund brutal wars, with disastrous effects on local communities.
- Farmers' markets are one of my favourite sources for Christmas goodies.
- The flavour of something fresh out of the ground is 10 times better than something that's been flown halfway across the world.
- My daughter is a real migraine sufferer; the minute she has a handful of Haribo sweets, she gets a headache. There's a connection between what the liver can't break down with what goes on to trigger a headache. You just have to be aware.
- Putting even one thing in your shopping basket that's locally produced or organic makes all the difference. It's a vote for the future, for animal welfare, for the environment, for your children's children.
- Gadgets - our houses are filled with them: ones we need, ones we think we need, and others that were a good idea at the time, but have never made it out of their boxes.
- Doing the eco-accessory thing doesn't have to mean giving up designer labels. In fact, quite the opposite.
- I'm a mother, and my life is very full.
- It is possible to do many household cleaning tasks by simply using ingredients from the store cupboard, which are also safer for the environment.
- Reducing and reusing take nothing more than a rethink on the way we shop, and using our imagination with the things that we might once have considered junk.
- Vegetable box schemes, local greengrocers, farmers' markets and organic stores are a great place to source package-free foods.
- It's quite amazing to me, as I walk around a supermarket or a health food shop, to observe the number of Fairtrade choices: not just staples such as coffee, tea, fresh fruits and rice, but cocoa and chocolate, herbs and spices, honey, ice cream, and jams.
- With approximately 75 per cent of our rubbish generated by packaging, a few simple steps - buying loose fruit and veg, choosing products with recyclable packaging, and avoiding individually wrapped portions - can have a big impact.
- Consuming less means throwing away less, while reusing things actually helps to save the planet as well as the pennies.
- For many of us, Christmas lunch is the most special meal of the year - and I certainly want nothing but the very best for this celebration.
- Pets inspire many different types of behaviour in their owners, mostly ranging from adoration to ridiculous obsessiveness, in my experience.
- When I'm in London, I get a veggie-box sent up every week, with the latest pickings.
- The planet's environmental woes tend to be overlooked as we scramble for the latest high-tech gizmos - and conveniently ignore their energy consumption.
- I love judging food by its smell and feel and taste. The healthiest tomato isn't always the perfect one that's been covered in pesticides.
- My vegetable patch is my pride and joy.
- Open shelving may be fashionable, but a closed cabinet door is the best way to stop grease and dust collecting in the first place.
- Despite my love affair with skyscraper heels, luckily for my feet I rarely wear them - preferring, instead, the comfort and child-handling practicalities of a pair of trainers.
- If you really want to help make a difference while getting a true travel experience, consider a community-run trip.
- A long, hot bath is a real treat. But from a 'green' point of view, that's probably what it should be: an occasional treat.
- Consuming less is the fastest way to eco-fashion redemption - particularly if your preference is for leather, not hemp.
- If you are energy-efficient and water-wise at home, then take all your good habits abroad with you.
- I want to know where my food comes from and the conditions in which it's grown. I also want to embrace traditional British produce, and seasonality.
- Conservation is key to preserving many of the world's natural beauty spots, so do your best to help by keeping to designated footpaths and being a discerning souvenir collector.
- Even though I avoid buying clothes that are 'in fashion', choosing things I fall in love with and wearing them till they fall apart - and generally going for vintage when it comes to evening wear - I still, like every woman I know, suffer from occasional pangs of 'clothes guilt'.
- The citric acid in lemon juice makes it perfect for bleaching, disinfecting and cutting through grease. And olive oil is a great alternative to furniture polish.
- Little children love bright, shiny things - and in my experience, most grown-up women aren't very different!
- There are a lot of irritating aspects about large supermarkets for the wannabe eco-warrior, but the one that gets most of us hottest under the collar is packaging.
