+++
author = "Yg"
title = "Yg Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Yg Quotes"
keywords = "yg,yg quotes,yg quote,yg sayings,yg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I worked on 'Who Do You Love?' for, like, six months, really trying to, like - when I got it, I got it, but I was working on it for a minute cause I never had nothing to it. I couldn't get the flow or nothing. Then I just got it.''' ,'''Me having my moms and pops in my life and knowing and seeing what they went through for us - it's why I'm a good father.''' ,'''I'm a storyteller... a preacher.''' ,'''On God, when you come to New York, it's, like, work.''' ,'''I have to have homies around me at all times.''' ,'''I'm bringing what Snoop and Dre was bringing to the game.''' ,'''On the 'Blacks & Browns' record, it's me and Sad Boy. He's a Hispanic artist, and we're talking about what we got going on with our peoples.''' ,'''In the record business, if you sign an artist that don't really know too much about the business, you can really get over on them in a lot of different ways, so it's a lot of people that don't give artist the game because they're trying to make the most money in the fastest way off their artists.''' ,'''I just feel like, as time go by, I'm realizing certain stuff, and I see certain stuff not happening. I'm just steppin' up.''' ,'''I'm happy with my success.''' ,'''My mom and her whole side of the family, they all from Compton.''' ,'''It's hard to stay vegan and eat right when you're moving around so much, but I've been off that alkaline water heavy, though.''' ,'''Before Mustard was even making beats, he was my DJ. He was doing all my shows with me before I was even cracking, back in, like, '08, '09.''' ,'''I ain't no politician.''' ,'''I'm growing as an artist.''' ,'''I feel like when you successful, it's more stress 'cause it's more stuff you dealin' with.''' ,'''I don't wanna do nothing with Trump.''' ,'''The first album was going to be called 'I'm from Bompton,' and then I changed it to 'My Krazy Life.'''' ,'''I got a song called 'Bicking Back Being Bool.' That's our lingo.''' ,'''I had a daughter, and that's a good thing.''' ,'''Everybody gotta vote. I can't go tell you who you should vote for because I don't know what you got going on or what you tryna get.''' ,'''The streets made me who I am.''' ,'''I feel like I'm regular. I'm humble.''' ,'''I was born in Compton, raised all through the city of Los Angeles.''' ,'''When you think of YG, you think of the West Coast, L.A., the lifestyle; that's what the brand about. That's what 4Hunnid represents.''' ,'''People look at me like YG the turnt-up dude, hit singles and all that. And, yeah, that's me, but I'm for my people, too.''' ,'''My heart is numb. It's not broke, it's numb. It's numb because of hard situations.''' ,'''Rock groups - they last for a long time.''' ,'''I got two clothing lines - I got the 4hunnid clothing, and I got the Bompton clothing.''' ,'''Black people love Hispanics; Hispanics love blacks. We grew up with each other. We share a lot of the same stuff.''' ,'''I fell out with a group of the homies, including Mustard. I'm dealing with success.''' ,'''We listen to the Migos.''' ,'''I had parties in church halls. My mama knew people that had venues and all that, and I knew a lot of people from forever. I was always popular growing up. She used to get me the spots, and I used to have parties. Probably about 300, 400 people.''' ,'''I've filmed a lot of my videos in Compton, but filming a movie, we really can't do it because the police will come and shut you down.''' ,'''I'm experimenting. That was part of the reason why I named the album 'Stay Dangerous.' It was about being proactive, not reactive.''' ,'''I was in jail, and I got signed three months later.''' ,'''My family is always praying for me.''' ,'''I love the fans and the supporters.''' ,''''Don't Come to L.A.' is talking about how out-of-towners come to L.A., and they try to start claiming the culture, the lifestyle. And they're really not from it. That's really what's it's about.''' ,'''I eat breakfast most times.''' ,'''I have a house in Hollywood with a studio in it.''' ,'''I'm a rapper, not a singer.''' ,'''If I was president, you wouldn't be sitting in jail for crimes that's not violent; you wouldn't be doing too much time for crime that's not violent.''' ,'''You don't have to be a gangster rapper to be successful. You can do anything.''' ,'''I been in the streets for a long time. They know me. They see me. They heard stories.''' ,'''Def Jam was always trying to get me to put out an album because I had 'Toot It and Boot It.'''' ,'''I grew up with my moms and pops. Pops was in jail for, like, three years.''' ,'''If I was president, all the food in the grocery stores would be organic.''' ,'''I just like music, bro. I listen to everyone.''' ,'''Jeezy like a big brother.''' ,'''One of the reasons I know how to handle my business is because I know can't rely on rap.''' ,'''I can't tell you who to vote for, because you have to do your homework to see who you connect with and see what they're pushing.''' ,'''That's something we real big on - just being real, authentic, being yourself, not letting this lifestyle change you.''' ,'''I'm saying us - our culture, our race, our people - we need to do better.''' ,'''Me and Mustard the same age, and when we was growing up, he was DJing all the parties, and I was at all the parties.''' ,'''I ain't come from money.''' ,'''I don't want to make people think too much.''' ,'''I went to jail for residential burglary. I got a strike, and I was 19 years old.''' ,'''New York is turnt. It's really like 25 hours out here. 25/8.''' ,'''My peoples told me they thought I should go talk to a therapist, and I went and talked to a therapist, and we let Vice record it.''' ,'''Knowledge is dangerous when you're a person of colour. It makes you a powerful individual, and that's what 'Stay Dangerous' represents.''' ,'''On my mixtapes, I just rap. I just lay out a lot of situations.''' ,'''I went vegan.''' ,'''My mama's been supportive since day one.''' ,'''I'ma stay consistent. I'ma deliver. And I'ma keep using my platform to uplift people who I feel got what it take or deserve it or just - you feel me?''' ,'''I was Lil Wayne's fan when I hit, like, 15, 16 and up.''' ,'''I'm going to keep making clothes, I'm going to do more movies, and I'm always going to rap.''' ,'''Mustard did my first mixtape, and after that, he started DJing.''' ,'''I just want to make something that's going to stick around for 10 or 15 years.''' ,'''You gotta raise your kids, take care of your family.''' ,'''I just woke up one morning, and I painted my Maybach red - I wrapped it, matter of fact, red - and I thought, 'I might as well change my album to 'Still Brazy' 'cause I gotta be real with myself.'''' ,'''I'm trying to make sure my kids' kids got paper.''' ,'''I have trust issues. For reasons, though - plenty of reasons.''' ,'''I was spending my own money on videos, spending my own money on radio, doing all that.''' ,'''Out of Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, I would rather Clinton be president, but just overall, I would rather Obama have a third term.''' ,'''Footaction saw me swagging, so they reached out so we could do a little collab and talk about my style and the culture and the come-up and all that.''' ,'''I represent the West Coast culture.''' ,'''I'm speaking for the streets, for the people down here. I can be their spokesperson.''' ,'''Stress come with life, period, bro.''' ,'''I got a platform and a game. I got, like, people who look up to me, who listen to me.''' ,'''I went to Paramount High School, Mayfair High School, all types of high schools. I'm not a high school graduate, but it's all good.''' ,'''I really live my life looking over my shoulder.''' ,'''I need a Grammy or a nomination. Just give me my nomination.''' ,'''I appreciate breathing and smelling and seeing.''' ,'''I don't trust nobody.''' ,'''Be yourself and set the trend. Don't follow.''' ,'''My music is just me, something people are gonna turn up to; the girls are gonna dance.''' ,'''That's what a lot of people know me as: they call it party music.''' ,'''You gotta stay on point in everything in life.''' ,'''When I'm outside the studio, there's some paranoia.''' ,'''I'm not boycotting 'Madden.'''' ,'''I was in a situation where I was a West Coast artist signed to an East Coast label.''' ,'''I love my daughter.''' ,'''When I caught my case and went to jail, I could have caught a gang of extra time.''' ,'''You've got to do features with the right artists that you can take some of their fans, and their fans start doing their homework and see what you're doing, if they like what you're doing.''' ,'''The 4Hunnid label is like a family.''' ,'''They try to make it seem like trouble follows me, but since my first album came out, I ain't had nothing happen at my show that had something to do with me.''' ,'''It's not our land; it's not made for us. It's America. That's how it was designed. We came here as slaves. It wasn't designed for us to win.''' ,'''I'm paranoid.''' ,'''I want to do - I want to be putting out classic stuff that's gonna stick and last forever, you feel me?''' ,]
+++