+++
author = "Julie Chen"
title = "Julie Chen Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Julie Chen Quotes"
keywords = "julie chen,julie chen quotes,julie chen quote,julie chen sayings,julie chen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''After I started getting criticism for doing 'Big Brother,' someone told me that Hugh Downs used to host 'Concentration' and Mike Wallace used to do 'The Big Surprise.' I thought, Huh, maybe that door isn't sealed shut if I want to do '60 Minutes' one day.''' ,'''So, I'm getting less chips, paying the same amount of money. Is that legal for them to do this?''' ,'''I guess because I was on the 'Early Show' for so many years, any little victory here is something kind of new for me.''' ,'''I'm not taking maternity leave from 'Big Brother.' I e-mailed my boss over there this weekend and I said, 'Don't worry. I can still do the show!''' ,'''You need to prioritize. If you can't get to everything or do everything, that's okay.''' ,'''My sister is dying for us to do 'Amazing Race' together. I would do it because we're very compatible. We've traveled the world, and we're adventurous eaters because of our Chinese culture - unless it comes to bugs.''' ,'''I like yoga.''' ,'''I am the Chenbot!''' ,'''Anything that can happen, will happen.''' ,'''My very first news director said to me that it's better to be hated than to have viewers be neutral.''' ,'''Slow and steady wins the race. I feel like I know in my bones if we're doing a good job and continue to do a good job, the ratings will come.''' ,'''I love an afternoon nap.''' ,'''I want people to understand that there are Asians born with the crease I had surgically done to my eyes, so the goal was never to look less Asian.''' ,'''I need to have a cheesesteak.''' ,'''I pretty much work all the time.''' ,'''When I was in journalism school, you were taught to be completely objective. But we don't see that anymore.''' ,'''I love playing with my dog.''' ,'''I don't know what's going on that I'm hosting the Emmys during really hard times. But I guess it's an honor and a privilege that I'm the one who gets to try to walk that line of making people feel good.''' ,]
+++