+++
author = "La La Anthony"
title = "La La Anthony Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 La La Anthony Quotes"
keywords = "la la anthony,la la anthony quotes,la la anthony quote,la la anthony sayings,la la anthony saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''At heart I am a tomboy.''' ,'''I stay up really late, even if I'm not working; I don't go to bed early.''' ,'''It was life-changing to be in high school and be on the radio. But it was a heavy schedule. There are some times I would work 2 A.M. to 6 A.M. and get off and go right to school. So it was really crazy but it was worth it.''' ,'''I was told MTV VJs have no career after MTV, and I'm like, that's never going to be me. I was always about not feeding into the negativity and proving to people that I can do more than one thing.''' ,'''When you're in this world, you don't get to pick and choose what you go through.''' ,'''Makeup is great, but you need to make sure you take it off at the end of the night - sleeping with it on is bad.''' ,'''I don't think there's anyone that's more beautiful than Halle Berry.''' ,'''I have a kid so I like to take pictures.''' ,'''I'm terrified of mice or any type of rodent.''' ,'''My whole family cooks and I'm in charge of setting the vibes.''' ,'''I proved to myself that I can overcome a lot of things that probably would have broken some people.''' ,'''That is my priority, that my son is healthy and happy. I will do whatever I can to ensure that, and my husband is the exact same way.''' ,'''There's many sides to a coin and one person can in fact do a lot of different things.''' ,'''It's a common issue that you see out there, where some families aren't as accepting of what people choose to be in their life.''' ,'''When I go to these auditions, I feel like I have to prove myself 10 times over... acting is a challenge.''' ,'''I pray every morning and night before bed.''' ,'''Tailgating is going to the game, homegating is celebrating at home. So you bring in the apparel, the T-shirts, the accessories to kinda make your home feel cool.''' ,'''Whatever's meant to be, will be. I'm a firm believer in that and I'll make it work.''' ,'''I'm eating right.''' ,'''There's something great about life when you can do something you enjoy.''' ,'''My grandfather was extremely dark and from Puerto Rico, but his brother had blond hair and blue eyes. There are so many different shades, and I think Hollywood has yet to realize that.''' ,'''In business, you cannot be afraid to ask questions.''' ,'''If you walk out of the house and you feel like you look good, it changes the way you walk into a room. It changes your attitude and it changes your vibe.''' ,'''I carry Caress Body Wash in Tempting Whisper to clean my hands. The scent lasts throughout the day!''' ,'''I think that's why I was able to go so far in my life and career - because my mom always supported me, even when I had the craziest ideas ever.''' ,'''As a mom, I know how important it is for my son Kiyan to stay healthy so he doesn't miss school days.''' ,'''I enjoy making people laugh and making them smile.''' ,'''Just to be a part of anything that Queen Latifah is involved in is an honor, because she's such an amazing person and an amazing actress.''' ,'''I think people can read authenticity and they know when you're involved and when you're just slapping your name on something.''' ,'''I hate chapped lips. I absolutely hate chapped lips.''' ,'''The industry just hasn't been thinking outside the box when it comes to Latina women.''' ,'''I'm a gambler and love slot machines.''' ,'''I definitely don't feel like I'm what Hollywood thinks of when they think of a Latina actress at all. They can't wrap their minds around it.''' ,'''I'm very forthcoming, I'm really expressive.''' ,'''My family and God is my strength.''' ,'''My wallet is full of change. I'm like, Why is this bag so heavy? Oh, yeah. It's the $100 in quarters!''' ,'''When you walk into a room and you're asking someone to give you money to finance an idea, that's never easy.''' ,'''Anytime you look good, you feel good.''' ,'''I'm all about trying to help others out there and giving the best advice based on my experiences - so if I can continue to do that, I'm really happy.''' ,'''My son is my best friend.''' ,'''I actually speak Spanish fluently.''' ,'''I'm someone that's a hard worker and takes their job seriously and gives it all they've got.''' ,'''I refuse to take no for an answer on anything.''' ,'''You can have a passion for something, but you still have to pay the bills.''' ,'''There's a lot of jewelry in my bag. It's great because if a bracelet is bothering me or I want a midday change, I switch to another.''' ,'''Having my name on a cosmetics line has always been a dream, one I'm excited to share.''' ,'''If you feel good about yourself on the inside, that's gonna show to people. I don't think it's all about makeup and hair and how you dress. I think it's more of an inner thing and how you feel about yourself and that's ultimately what will shine through no matter what.''' ,'''I have a very strong faith in God, and I have a strong family base.''' ,'''I had to know that for me to be successful in all aspects of my life, I have to work.''' ,'''There's nothing like Christmas in New York.''' ,'''We moms are beautiful both with and without makeup, but I always love classic colors I can mix with anything.''' ,'''I have a trainer. I love to do regular weight training, and I love to do boxing.''' ,'''If you smell good, you feel good, and your day's fabulous.''' ,'''I'm in the gym every day.''' ,'''I'm not one of those people that takes the best, best care of myself. I try to do better.''' ,'''In the house, I have a drawer that's just filled with Carmex. It's just my thing.''' ,'''I'm always down to switch up my scents and love discovering new products.''' ,'''I want to expand what I do and definitely focus a little more in the acting, theater world.''' ,'''I think being independent gives you a different confidence about yourself. It gives you more power, especially in certain relationships.''' ,'''There's not a single person who loves Nestle Crunch more than I do.''' ,'''I've had jeans I liked a lot of things about, but then there would be one thing I didn't like, whether it was the bottom not being fitted enough or the top squeezed you too much.''' ,'''I have to be able to work and do the things I do. And I want to be able to be an example of my son.''' ,'''I definitely had to take a lot of direction from stylists and make up artists and hair stylists, because I'm very much more of a sweat pants and sneakers kind of girl.''' ,'''Marriage is hard.''' ,'''I'm a believer in finding a passion, hard work and definitely not giving up on your dream.''' ,'''There are so many high-end body lotions. I just stick to cocoa butter. It works, I like how it smells, my skin is really dry and it helps with that.''' ,'''I hate when hair looks like it's been styled.''' ,'''For breakfast, I usually like to do either a protein shake if I'm rushing out the door, or egg whites and turkey bacon are also a go-to for me.''' ,'''I have mountains of the blue Neutrogena makeup wipes in the bottom of the cabinet in my bathroom. It is all you see. We order them by the caseload.''' ,'''When you're independent, you're with somebody because you want to be there not because you feel like you have to be there.''' ,'''You definitely have to find your passion in life, and then put together a plan to figure out a way to fulfill that.''' ,'''A fancy lotion is always a great gift for Mom!''' ,'''I see myself stepping more heavily into the producing world. I like having that control, and being in control so to speak, and being part of picking great material and bringing it to life.''' ,'''There are some careers where hands-on experience means so much more than the book work of it.''' ,'''I went through that phase where I shaved the entire side of my head off - I actually love the way it looks, but it doesn't really work when you're walking into a room for an audition.''' ,'''I want to write books.''' ,'''I just feel like so many people see you do one thing and they feel like that's all you can do. It's always just do this and stay in your lane.''' ,'''I feel so many times with clothing lines, they don't talk to women to see what they want.''' ,'''That's what's great about my circle of friends is we all really look out for each other.''' ,'''I live for my son.''' ,'''When your love for your kid is at the center of everything, you can't go wrong.''' ,'''It's just all about the multi-hyphenate now. No one's just doing one thing. Even working actors have businesses and are entrepreneurs.''' ,'''I want to be a great actress.''' ,'''When I moved to Los Angeles to be on the radio, there was an acting school on every corner. You can't be in L.A. and not be into acting.''' ,'''Whenever I do Zoom teeth whitening my teeth 'zing' so bad. They're so sensitive. But I just put this on my toothbrush with water and scrub hard. It doesn't taste like anything and it works!''' ,'''I love Will Smith and Jada Pinkett. You see the love, and you can see the support, and they partner on things and produce together. But she has a life, and he has a life.''' ,'''People can tell if you don't know what you're talking about.''' ,'''Comfort is important. I wanna put jeans on and kind of forget about them unless someone is giving me a compliment on how they look. You don't want to be fussing all day, especially as a working woman or a mom running around with kids.''' ,'''I like to do my contour the bronzy kind of way so it is not too strong and you can see the highlights on the cheekbones. I use bronzer as my contour.''' ,'''My mom always says, 'Worry when people don't care about you.' And that's what I tell myself.''' ,'''My eyes change colors - weird!''' ,'''In New York, I can be a little edgier - I'll wear sneakers, combat boots, jeans. In L.A., I don't go as far. I find myself taking more of a risk when it comes to style in New York.''' ,'''I definitely pray.''' ,'''My mom just always taught me to let people live, let people be who they are without restrictions, without limitations.''' ,'''I think I've gotten really good at putting on lashes. I can do it with my hand while people need tweezers or something to put them on.''' ,'''I learned that life is filled with ups and downs and it's just about how you react to them.''' ,'''There's no gift more classic and more beautiful than roses.''' ,'''I love Rihanna's products from Fenty Beauty.''' ,'''Being independent opens the doors to so many other things for you.''' ,'''I have great family and friends who constantly uplift me and make me feel good about myself.''' ,]
+++