+++
author = "Bai Ling"
title = "Bai Ling Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Bai Ling Quotes"
keywords = "bai ling,bai ling quotes,bai ling quote,bai ling sayings,bai ling saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''And also, I know I have this responsibility or mission to show people, to encourage them to live their dream, too.''' ,'''Basically, I have a gift as an actress, and I want to present the sophisticated side of me as an actress and a person.''' ,'''I often feel like I have this spirit living inside of me, always dressing in like short mini skirts... but then I start to discover myself. So there are eight spirits, mischievous ones, sad ones, handsome ones, wise ones, and crazy ones.''' ,'''Boundaries, and countries, if we don't have that we are all brothers and sisters, we can all have love and joy and compassion for each other: the world would be much more beautiful.''' ,'''Johnny Depp is one of my favorite actors because he takes chances.''' ,'''Well I think always, when you remake films, I always think the first one is most original, authentic.''' ,'''When you don't get what you want, it just makes you accept real life.''' ,'''I hate shopping. I don't go shopping. If I do, I run in and out.''' ,'''I think we all have our own mission, duty, fate in life so for me somehow I think I am always walking on the edge of life and take risks.''' ,'''I was in Asia and people asked me about being considered sex symbol. I don't know if that's good or not, because where I come from, sex isn't something you're allowed to talk about.''' ,'''I guess I feel like it's a gift to meet those talented artists like George Lucas and Oliver Stone, Spike Lee and Richard Kelly. Even if it's a small role, it's a gift to be working that closely with them.''' ,'''I'm one of the best actresses. One day I will win an Oscar.''' ,'''I'm a person that doesn't have that many goals or plans. I feel like I'm the wind and I blow through life; it's whatever comes to me. I very much respect nature. Whatever happens to me, I'm happy and I embrace it.''' ,'''Storms and darkness scared me, but somehow it encouraged me to learn about nature and I think nothing's dark, dark is beautiful too.''' ,'''You have to accept the storms and the rainy days and the things in life that you sometimes don't want to face.''' ,'''Yeah, well my name is Bai Ling. That means white spirit, and I really feel like sometimes I'm not existing.''' ,'''I'm very private in person. I'm very sensitive and shy with men individually. But when I'm talking, maybe there's this other channel or this other side and other way of working in my mind, and I convert and become carefree.''' ,'''I have a blog in Chinese, which you can follow, Chinese signs. But I don't even update at all, often I don't.''' ,'''I'm a romantic, and I like guys to bring flowers and buy some gifts - not expensive things, just romantic things.''' ,'''Acting to me is real life - I don't act.''' ,'''Like, you can find your dream, if you firmly believe. You have to have the innocence, and you have to have the daringness to trust.''' ,'''But somehow I feel like still it's a gift, and I wonder, how can I give this gift to others? Just work hard, and do whatever I can do, to be that, and to return the love to the fans. I like to give them joy and smiles to them. Give back to them.''' ,'''Sex is the best high. It's better than any drug. I want to die making love because it feels so good.''' ,'''Every woman should shave her head once in her life, to experience what it feels like.''' ,'''I had heard about how people struggle and how hard it is to get into acting. But I did not care because it's something I love.''' ,'''Somehow I feel a little bit odd in Tiananmen Square because I was a soldier, in a uniform, watching those leaders and tanks, and I was part of them.''' ,'''You have to be proud of who you are.''' ,'''I went to South Africa on safari and came eye to eye with a beautiful leopard. We were so close; I was staring at him for a long time and I felt a recognition with my own nature.''' ,'''English is my second language, but in Hong Kong, they don't know that I'm from China. They think I'm from Hollywood because all the films they see are from here. China and Hong Kong are very different places, but they're starting to merge. Still the culture is very different.''' ,'''I'm not superstitious.''' ,'''I think sometimes I'm more fond of doing the research for the character because you learn so much. Sometimes shooting is really difficult because you wake up early and you're always hurrying. And sometimes I don't know what I'm doing. I'm here and there.''' ,'''The partner that you have is supposed to make you a better person, and when you're happy, you're a better person.''' ,'''Wong Kar-wai and Ang Lee are two Asian directors I'm really fond of.''' ,'''I also like to follow nature's rhythm. In times or places, they have their own rhythm. So you cannot push it. So we must accept that as well. Wherever we're born at this time, we just live it.''' ,'''I think I'm like a free spirit.''' ,'''Because of the Chinese culture of obedience, you don't ask questions... You follow and obey.''' ,]
+++