+++
author = "Tuppence Middleton"
title = "Tuppence Middleton Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Tuppence Middleton Quotes"
keywords = "tuppence middleton,tuppence middleton quotes,tuppence middleton quote,tuppence middleton sayings,tuppence middleton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was very, very shy in public and school, and quite loud and brash at home.''' ,'''I love film, but it's funny going to drama school for three years, where you spend most of your time training for theatre, then coming out and just doing films.''' ,'''I'm tall now, but when I was younger, I used to tower above everyone - I still feel conscious of that.''' ,'''I just enjoyed telling stories. I enjoyed watching films and reading and becoming someone else. I spent a lot of time on my own when I was younger; I enjoyed my own company and still do, so it was a source of escapism.''' ,'''It's sad that so many people feel they need to alter their image. I think there is something really beautiful about ageing naturally.''' ,'''My grandma used to call my mother 'Tuppence' as a term of affection, but she was worried when my parents actually put it on my birth certificate. She thought I might get bullied.''' ,'''I think I would've been a bit terrified to have gone and done a lead straight away. Obviously great if you do, but it's all about longevity.''' ,'''I would love to work into my eighties. I don't want to be someone who only does a couple of big films and then is famous for just 15 minutes.''' ,'''You want a career. You don't want to do a couple of good films and then your career is over.''' ,'''Period dramas seem to take actors to the next level because they do so well in America.''' ,'''I really like watching reruns of 'The Crystal Maze.' It's something that I find weirdly comforting. If I ever have even a small amount of banknotes, I love to 'Crystal Maze' them by throwing them in the air and catching them. But it's never as fun as it looks on TV.''' ,'''It wasn't conscious, but I'm glad I've had a slow and steady career path. I wanted to develop my style, and I wanted to be the one making the decisions. Sometimes, when you become a success quickly, those decisions are out of your control.''' ,'''Now, if I speak to people who want to act, I say, 'Don't give yourself a back-up.' If I had gone to university, I wouldn't be doing this job now. Having that pressure and no other option just made me work that much harder for it, because you have no other choice.''' ,'''I don't want to be one of those young actors who is around for a couple of years and melts off the scene.''' ,'''Since Kate Middleton came around, some people think I'm related to her, but unfortunately, there's no connection.''' ,'''A lot of TV can be linear and cinematic and formulaic. What's to say that people can't be creative and surreal - and push boundaries? You can look at a piece of art and not necessarily know what it means or what the artist intended by it. It's the effect it has on you.''' ,'''I always really loved Russian literature, and I think Tolstoy's writing is full of a sense of melancholy and humanity, so it seems really modern.''' ,'''After doing 'War and Peace,' I suddenly got lots of seductress roles. It's easy to put people into a category after you've seen them in one thing that you feel fits with them. But I'm trying to make a conscious decision to do different things.''' ,'''I'm not a method actor. I try to stay separate but to imagine what they'd feel, to put myself in their shoes.''' ,'''As I got older, I auditioned for drama school and shocked myself by getting in.''' ,'''I liked to be in my own company, so when I came home from school, I'd just go up to my room and hang out by myself. I wouldn't really have friends over or go to see friends much.''' ,'''I've been told so many times that I should go to the gym to get my anxiety and frustration out. But it just makes me feel pure, concentrated dread.''' ,'''Tuppence was what my grandmother nicknamed my mother, so she gave it to me. My sister is called Angel, and my brother was going to be called Bubba or Sonny, until they let me and my sister name him Josh.''' ,'''I'd love to have a room full of taxidermy. I'd be devastated if my cat, Archimedes, ever died. I was debating the other day with a friend whether I should stuff him, but don't know whether he would end up looking like himself. I'd be really sad if he looked strange.''' ,'''I don't think, as an actress, you want to be beautiful. It's actually a disadvantage because that's not where all the interesting parts lie.''' ,'''I acted as a hobby when I was a child but wasn't initially very good at it.''' ,'''Everyone reads the same words in a book but has a very clear picture of their own.''' ,]
+++