+++
author = "Obie Trice"
title = "Obie Trice Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Obie Trice Quotes"
keywords = "obie trice,obie trice quotes,obie trice quote,obie trice sayings,obie trice saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm the 1st black platinum artist in Detroit, solo artist in Detroit.''' ,'''Yeah I grew up on the Westside of Detroit.''' ,'''I don't actually sit down and write, but I just have a lot of different ideas about films and making movies.''' ,'''Detroit is right now a new Mecca for Hip Hop.''' ,'''Downloading songs is not good.''' ,'''I would say old school cats like Redman and Wu-tang. My style is my style, those are just cats that I liked.''' ,'''I'm working on my new album right now. Hopefully to get that out at the top of 2005, January 2005.''' ,'''I get the music, I get the beats. And I go to the studios and write the lyrics.''' ,'''Well, Eminem, you know, I know him longer. Ive been signed to his label since 2001 and he's a good friend.''' ,'''You know, I'm the 1st black solo MC from Detroit. I didn't do the 50 Cent sales but hey... I got a long career, I'm still young and I'm trying to bring really good music.''' ,'''I want to get off with the screenwriting.''' ,'''I just don't want to be rapping forever. I love it, but sometimes you got goals for yourself.''' ,'''Where's Eminem, when is Em coming out, Em this, Em that, 50 this, 50 that... What about Obie?''' ,'''Working with 50 Cent was great, you know what Im saying? It was just great to work with 50 Cent.''' ,'''The Anger Management Tour was another beautiful thing. I loved that tour.''' ,'''I was about 11 when my mother brought me this karaoke machine and I was really into it back then, but about 4 or 5 years ago is when I started printing up my own music, going to the studio and doing my own thing.''' ,'''Beef is beef, you know. Beef comes, so Beef is real.''' ,'''Eminem is more like a friend. And I'm also a fan on Eminem.''' ,'''But since I am in the music industry, I don't want anyone to download music, not on September 9th.''' ,'''Let's say I was a plumber, or I worked at a factory, I would download music, you feel what I'm saying?''' ,'''7 Mile is like an Ave. Back in the days it was poppin' in the summer time.''' ,'''I just do what I'm here for and that's to make that music.''' ,'''But working with Dre, I grew up with his music, so I'm still like more a fan.''' ,'''I'm just going to do me; I'm not trying to do the Eminem thing, the D12 thing or the 50 thing.''' ,'''I don't want to be an actor or nothing but if I have to, I'll act if it's the right thing.''' ,'''I think it need realness, you should speak on thing that you know about, that you being from, that you experienced or that you been around, you know. I think you need a good hook, good beats and good lyrics.''' ,]
+++