+++
author = "Trick Daddy"
title = "Trick Daddy Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Trick Daddy Quotes"
keywords = "trick daddy,trick daddy quotes,trick daddy quote,trick daddy sayings,trick daddy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I was in office, I'd get together all the chiefs and all the heads and chiefs of staffs of all the countries and explain to them like, 'This is how it's going to be. We need y'all oil and water. Y'all need our money and technology. Now, what y'all gon' do?'''' ,'''I'm married to the street; I ain't gonna switch over. I ain't gonna go religion on nobody. I believe in God - God is for the thugs too - but the streets are in the most trouble. So I'mma keep it focused on the streets and the struggle. That's what I'm mainly about.''' ,'''A thug is someone who stands on his own. He lives by the decisions he makes and accepts the consequences. A thug is comfortable in his own skin. I wear mine like a glove.''' ,'''I been in this game a long time.''' ,'''I tell it like it is. I tell it like I see it. I tell it like I envision it. I tell it like I live it.''' ,'''Some people around you don't mean you good.''' ,'''I used to hold back because people would get offended, but now I'm like, 'You're going to hear me, regardless. Whether you accept what I have to say or not is on you.'''' ,'''People say keeping it real is a hard thing to do. Keeping it real is easy. Being fake and being soft is hard to do.''' ,'''Rappers tend to use words sometimes that just rhyme and don't really mean nothing.''' ,'''The media tries to do what they do. You can't stop. You gotta get money.''' ,'''If my mama and daddy would've stayed together, one of them would've been dead, and the other would have been locked up for it.''' ,'''The main thing is to keep it simple, keep it real, be honest and pull no stunts. You can't forget where you started and came from.''' ,'''Kids would never care about going to school unless your mama and daddy instilled into your head and explained to you that you need this thing to live.''' ,'''I am allergic highly to the sun; that's my worst enemy.''' ,'''I don't have problems with nobody, period.''' ,'''I told the truth about the Miami life. It's a nice place to visit, but you don't want to live here. I lived through two major riots and three Category 5 hurricanes, I don't know if a lot of people could say that.''' ,]
+++