+++
author = "Khloe Kardashian"
title = "Khloe Kardashian Quotes"
quotes_len = "150"
description = "the best 150 Khloe Kardashian Quotes"
keywords = "khloe kardashian,khloe kardashian quotes,khloe kardashian quote,khloe kardashian sayings,khloe kardashian saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just let my hair go - if there's no hairdresser around I really can't be bothered!''' ,'''I've always wanted to get involved in the tech industry, but hadn't come across anything that really clicked for me.''' ,'''I'm not rushing into my divorce, because I'm not looking to get married tomorrow, so I don't have a deadline. I'm not rushing it. So when it's time, and it's supposed to happen, it will.''' ,'''I'm not really an actress.''' ,'''I say all the time I think there should be some courses in the regular schooling system that isn't, even like about credit, things that matter later in life. I learned the harder way: 'Look, I got a $500 credit card in the mail, let's go shopping!'''' ,'''With this crazy lifestyle, you have to think of places where you can still have your freedom.''' ,'''I love doing my makeup - mostly because I'm pretty good at it. What I can't do is hair!''' ,'''I bought Justin Bieber's house... He had, like, this nook under the stairs which I didn't need, so I covered it up. When I ran into him, he was like 'What did you do with the nook? I used to go in there and play video games.' When I told him it was gone, he was so upset. I didn't think this 20-year-old boy would even care!''' ,'''If I want to wear a long flowing dress, someone will say I'm pregnant.''' ,'''Most families aren't all in the public eye as we are. It works as a blessing. It works in our favor.''' ,'''I don't care if you marry someone who works at the grocery store or someone who is a director of a company; everyone should have their own identity.''' ,'''Everyone says that when you have kids, you become crazy.''' ,'''I'm strong and fearless and not afraid to take risks in business.''' ,'''I was married for five years, and I definitely had that baby fever, which I think you should.''' ,'''We live in the public eye, so if one of us makes a mistake, it affects everyone, which makes me think about what I'm doing in life more.''' ,'''I have never felt 'fat;' I just didn't realise how unhealthy I was until I look back at pictures. In the moment, I felt so beautiful, and I remember walking down red carpets with my make-up done in a little sparkly dress, and I thought I was so cute.''' ,'''I love doing fashion.''' ,'''I'm a modern girl, but you should put your husband first. I like to think divorce is not an option.''' ,'''The amount of things I want to tweet that I get talked out of? It's probably four times a week. I'm very hotheaded.''' ,'''I've had a lot of really influential people in my life, like my grandmother M. J., who have helped me along the way. But there are so many of us girls in my family, and even though they're all so open and honest, who I seek advice from depends on what aspect of life I'm dealing with.''' ,'''To be able to design for the plus-sized consumer, for me, that's just beyond. It's a dream.''' ,'''Anyone who pays attention to these things can easily see the incredible bond that everyone in my family shares.''' ,'''I try to work out five days a week. It's a lot, but I feel great when I do it.''' ,'''I don't feel the pressure by outsiders. I'm not someone who's easily influenced by the public.''' ,'''When you genuinely feel like that was the right relationship, you're supposed to give it all you can. That's what marriage is about.''' ,'''We come from a very mixed family. We're a bunch of different races, my family. So it's very normal for us. I don't know why we're accepted. Are all of us accepted or just me?''' ,'''I have moments of weakness, but mostly I brush the criticism off... Who cares if I'm not a size zero? I don't want to be. I love my body; I'm healthy, I work out.''' ,'''I have the same friends that I've had for 15 years. I think also, just by having each other, as soon as one of us gets a big head, we shoot the other one down.''' ,'''I do love the evolution of people in general. I think it's a beautiful thing when someone progresses and evolves in life.''' ,'''If you're too embarrassed and want to hide behind your computer screen, that's what this is for. It's about building confidence and that's what U by Kotex does. Girls owning their bodies and health.''' ,'''I'm not a big 'cry on a shoulder' person. I'm very introverted when it comes to my own stuff.''' ,'''I have two younger sisters and I'm such an advocate of owning who you are as a person. Don't be ashamed or intimidated. Never feel like you are not amazing.''' ,'''I genuinely enjoy sweating out my frustrations and living a healthier life. My workouts are not all about vanity. They are about clarity for my mind and soul.''' ,'''It wasn't until I began to work out in earnest that I became aware of what I was eating. When I became more mindful about exercise, I became more mindful about eating.''' ,'''I pulled back on the divorce because there is no rush for it. For medical decisions and a ton of other things, it's just smarter that it's put on hold.''' ,'''I would say the dumbest thing I have heard is that my dad isn't my real dad.''' ,'''I'm thrilled to continue my partnership with U by Kotex for Generation Know while helping to empower girls. I've always been a motivational resource for my younger sisters and hope I can positively impact and inspire other young girls too.''' ,'''I absolutely adore baking with my nieces and nephews. It's super fun, and I love baking by myself, so what I like to do is have a cabinet for my baking essentials.''' ,'''There is a method to the madness when it comes to placing everything in your refrigerator.''' ,'''I think most diets are torture, which is why I don't believe in them. But, as is true with exercise, when you make a change and feel the benefits, you want to stick with it.''' ,'''When in doubt, I always, always buy clear vases. You really can't go wrong with minimalist clear vases, especially when you're sending someone flowers. The flowers are the star of the show and need to shine!''' ,'''When I was married, or a few years ago, I never thought I was fat. I never thought I was huge. I was like, 'I still look good. I'm just made to have curves or be a little bigger.'''' ,'''I don't believe love is fickle. I believe when you love someone, you are allowed to love from afar. You don't have to be with that person in order to love him.''' ,'''With my divorce, and even during the end of my marriage before it even got publicly bad, how I decided to cope with things was to go on the treadmill for an hour.''' ,'''I've always wanted to have kids. I do think I would be a great mom.''' ,'''Now we have so many more social outlets, so many ways to be stalked and bullied. If social media is too much for you to handle, then don't have a Twitter or Facebook account. Just be yourself. Be who you want to be.''' ,'''You can say you're sorry 5,000 times, but that doesn't mean you mean it.''' ,'''Your life is meant for you to understand and process, not to make anyone else happy.''' ,'''I think the beauty of growing up is not really knowing and figuring it out for yourself.''' ,'''My father raised us like... we were not allowed to see people in any sort of colors, but also we were not allowed to call people fat. If ever we were to say, 'Oh that fat person, or this person,' he would make us put a bar of soap in our mouth and count to 10. We weren't allowed to look at people like that.''' ,'''I'm so excited. I love radio and being on the new Mix 102.9.''' ,'''People make me feel like I have a problem because I haven't had a kid yet.''' ,'''I had parents who were incredibly loving and nurturing and always made me feel beautiful, so I never really questioned that.''' ,'''We're all human beings, and we all have the same problems. I do remember how blessed I am, and no matter how bad things are, they can always get worse.''' ,'''I know my soul is beautiful; I know I'm a good person. And that will never change for me.''' ,'''I'm Armenian, but I'm very fair and I look white... I would always get such hate about it.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with cheese and milk, but eliminating them from my diet made the biggest difference. In a month and a half, I lost 11 pounds just from not eating dairy, without doing anything else different, and that totally blew my mind.''' ,'''I think all diets are kind of weird. The word 'die' is in it.''' ,'''A few years ago I lost 30 pounds, and people still wanted to criticize. And honestly, I'm happy with myself if I'm a little heavier. I realized: 'Why am I trying to conform to someone else's idea of beauty?' I think I'm beautiful either way.''' ,'''My hubby is such a sneaker king... and I am a stiletto queen! He always wants to see me in sneakers, but I believe I can do anything in heels.''' ,'''All the makeup in the world won't make a difference without great skincare.''' ,'''The bikini waxing, after we go there you can't turn back.''' ,'''I don't really weigh myself, but over time - and I'm not crazy about it - but I know how I want to feel in clothes, and it does become addicting, and once you see results, you want to see more.''' ,'''The gym was my only refuge. I could put music on and dance around with my girlfriends and be silly.''' ,'''If I'm cooking dinner for my hubby or designing a line or selling on QVC, I try to do it in an authentic way. To speak to people like I want to be spoken to, to be a voice for people who don't have one and to give them things they need and love.''' ,'''I just think that knowing about your body at any age, whether it's educating yourself on fertility, getting mammograms, going through puberty - whatever it may be, is really important. I just really encourage women empowerment and being comfortable talking about these issues.''' ,'''I'm not big on looking up myself. I don't get Google alerts, and I don't look on blogs.''' ,'''I don't mind having people over, but it's weird how much more withdrawn I've become than being social in public places, I guess.''' ,'''Fitness is not about being better than someone else... It's about being better than you used to be.''' ,'''I'm like a connoisseur of dry shampoo, so I'm really picky.''' ,'''On the weekend, I have a gym in my community. I try to do cardio. You just turn on some junk TV, and you don't realize what you're doing, and I love that.''' ,'''I want to be a chef, but I'm only a fat girl chef; like, I only like to make fat comfort food. I'm not, like, a healthy chef person.''' ,'''You can't expect everyone to love you. I'm not someone who just wants to throw out hate, just because.''' ,'''I don't believe in revenge. When people are bullies it's because of a deeper-rooted issue - either their family life is tough or they're being bullied by someone bigger than they are.''' ,'''I didn't realize I was the 'fat' sister until I went on TV and the media started saying that about me.''' ,'''A lot of adults don't think it's their place to interfere with kids. I interfere all the time.''' ,'''I love all of my shoes! It is a must to have them color coordinated, and to be able to see each and every one of them. I know exactly where each one lives and I can tell if one has even been moved!''' ,'''The Armenian Genocide is such a controversial and very sensitive issue because the Turkish and Armenian people disagree about the facts of what actually happened. I know how strongly Armenians feel about the Genocide, and how it's never been recognised. At the same time, I do not hold today's generation of people accountable.''' ,'''I'm the ugly sister. I'm the fat one. I'm the transvestite. I have had those mean things said about me at least twice a day for the last five years. It's horrible, you know? But I can brush that stuff off.''' ,'''When you're in a conversation, genuinely be in it. Stare people in their eyes. Know what you're talking about. Enjoy that moment.''' ,'''Not to be vain, but I have nice long legs, so I like to accentuate them. Find what part of your body you love most - it can be your arms, your chest, your legs - and emphasize that.''' ,'''Part of being married is knowing when your husband needs your support.''' ,'''Everyone expects me to be 9 feet tall and weigh 200 pounds when they meet me.''' ,'''I was a mindless eater. I ate for comfort. I also ate out of boredom and habit.''' ,'''With love, you don't mislead or play around, so if you're not perfectly clear, just be honest about it.''' ,'''I am an organization freak!''' ,'''It's easier to date a football player for sure. Football players have one game a week, and they practice every day, but they're all at home. In basketball, they're on the road all the time.''' ,'''A few years ago, I lost 30 pounds, and people still wanted to criticize. And honestly, I'm happy with myself if I'm a little heavier.''' ,'''I don't have any regrets. I wouldn't change a thing. You learn as you go.''' ,'''I live in a world where there's magazines and blogs, and people feel like they are allowed to criticize me, and in the meanest way.''' ,'''Tracey Cunningham does my color, and little by little, my ombre turned into more of a rooted blond, and then it got lighter and lighter. I love how I stand out more as a blond - it makes me feel bright and healthy.''' ,'''I don't drink Pellegrino and Perrier, but my nieces and nephews do.''' ,'''I just don't believe the hype. I just don't take myself too seriously. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing.''' ,'''The thing is, every relationship is different, and when you start talking about your problems, other people tend to talk about theirs.''' ,'''Once you start losing weight and seeing results, you're like, 'I want to see more!'''' ,'''Being an executive producer allows me the opportunity to create original content, and I can't wait to show my fans what we have in store on 'Kocktails with Khloe.'''' ,'''I always have mini bottles of Unbreakable, the fragrance I did with my husband. I'm Armenian, so I'm oily and always have blotting papers.''' ,'''It's hysterical how kids have their own personalities, even at like 3 or 4. And, it's funny what they tend to like.''' ,'''I'm proud of myself. I could break and go get all this plastic surgery and get my nose fixed and get lipo or do whatever, but I haven't chosen to do that because I know I'm a great person. I'm pretty damn hot, if you ask me.''' ,'''Everyone has issues, and I'm not someone who likes to burden people.''' ,'''It's crazy how many nude lip crayons I own - I probably need to get rid of some.''' ,'''We're all our own worst critics and so hard on ourselves, but for me, my biggest insecurity is my arms. I just hate the tops of them. I work out and they still never look good enough for me. So, over the years I've learned to dress to make myself feel better.''' ,'''When I did the cover of 'Cosmo International,' Turkey picked it up and I got a lot of backlash for it.''' ,'''Our family brings a different amount of - not fame - attention.''' ,'''I've made major cutbacks. I used to love soda. So I've cut out soda completely, and I'll drink iced tea or water for what I drink throughout my day. I just made that like a lifestyle change.''' ,'''No party is complete without cocktails! My friends all have different tastes when it comes to their drink of choice, so I like to maintain a well-stocked bar with different kinds of alcohol to keep everyone happy.''' ,'''When I'm fidgety, and I just feel like everything is closing in, I go to the gym. You're building endorphins and feeling good about yourself. It's saved me.''' ,'''Leopard print has been my thing forever! When I was a teenager my entire room was done in leopard print - it's timeless, chic, and always in style. When in doubt... leopard!''' ,'''I used to follow trends and try to do exactly what I saw in the magazines, but I'm not a Victoria's Secret model who can wear anything.''' ,'''It is disgusting that 'Life & Style' and 'InTouch' magazines continue to print these false stories about my life: the status of my marriage, false reports about a miscarriage, the horrible lie that my dad is not my biological father, jealousy over my sisters' lives, etc.''' ,'''I don't want a life without my mom in it, but I'm not someone who curls up in the fetal position and says, 'Mommy, take care of me!' I don't like people catering to me. It feels so awkward and uncomfortable.''' ,'''I lost like... 13 lbs. from just cutting out dairy.''' ,'''I never looked at myself as the fat sister. Sometimes I would beat people to the punch and say, 'Oh I'm the fat, funny one,' because that's what people would say about me. But I never really thought that.''' ,'''I love watching 'Golden Sisters' on OWN.''' ,'''I went to Catholic school and they basically just said don't have sex, but would never explain anything.''' ,'''I normally like to do a lip pencil and then fill it in with the same pencil because it stays on all day, and you don't have to reapply it.''' ,'''My weight fluctuates, like any normal girl, and I have times when I feel insecure.''' ,'''People hate us for showing stuff, and they hate us when we say, 'Fine, we won't show it anymore.'''' ,'''I have candles, pictures and flowers on my nightstand... and of course a lamp!''' ,'''The funny thing is that everyone thinks I'm naturally dark because all of my siblings are, but I'm naturally dirty blond.''' ,'''I promise you, the gym has taken away so much of my stress. It has helped calm me down.''' ,'''People are gonna comment no matter what. If I dated the most clean-cut, perfect guy, they're gonna comment. That's just the way it is.''' ,'''Messaging is such an integral part of our lives, and Begroupd will help solve problems everyone can relate to.''' ,'''I'm not shy about wearing a lot of makeup! But when I don't have to be done up, I just use a bit of concealer and maybe some lip balm.''' ,'''I'm happy - I moved into my new house, which is the first time I've owned a home on my own. It's a big step, and my brother lives with me - I'm so happy about that.''' ,'''I even ate chips because I love the crunchy sound they make. And I didn't give much thought to what I was eating or what I was putting inside my body, except hummus, of course, which is one of my weaknesses.''' ,'''I don't think anybody should ever take their life for being bullied. But if it wasn't for my family... and my circle of friends, I could definitely see why someone would see it doesn't get any better than this, but it does. Life is so beautiful.''' ,'''It's really hard to watch yourself on TV. It's definitely different in that the world has to watch, too.''' ,'''I love hard; I love who I love, and I don't make any qualms about it.''' ,'''When I was at home, I felt loved and safe. My sisters were always a safe haven for me. I knew they would always play with me and make me feel like I was one of them.''' ,'''I've learned from experience you just never know what happens in life.''' ,'''All the circuit training, it's cardio circuit training, so everything you're doing, you're still running up your heart rate. You're burning, I think, triple the amount of calories than if you were just weight lifting.''' ,'''When I started working out, it wasn't about weight loss; I was going through a really hard time and needed an emotional release. Once you start getting in the tabloids claiming you have fake body parts, then it's like, 'Okay, I made it. Now I'm really working out.'''' ,'''I was realizing, 'I work out all the time. Why can't I drop this weight?' It's really food. So I started dieting a little.''' ,'''But I also enjoy life... the more scrutiny I am under, the more confident I become. I am who I am. I can't do anything about it, and I love who I am.''' ,'''My fitness journey will be a lifelong journey.''' ,'''When you're at a lunch, enjoy being - I'm always on my phone when I'm at lunch or with things here or there. I've learned to put the phone down and be present.''' ,'''I have moles and freckles, and they irritate me. They are an insecurity of mine, and I wish I could have clear, beautiful skin.''' ,'''We all have to start somewhere, and doing something is better than nothing at all. Start small so you don't get discouraged and give up. Remember it is all about consistency.''' ,'''I like to do designs on the side of my face, or cut out foil stickers from the crafts store and put them on my forehead.''' ,'''One of the biggest struggles of my life is my weight. My weight is always going up and down, and I'm always fighting that, and I think that no matter what I do, I'm never going to look good enough to everybody else.''' ,'''I knew I didn't look like my sisters and I didn't have those shapes, but I didn't think that was wrong.''' ,'''I'm a really fun aunt, so I hope I'm going to be a fun mom! I like to have fun and be silly and not take myself too seriously with the kids, so I hope that will translate when I actually have my own.''' ,'''I started slow, and eventually I started working out 4 to 5 days a week. We all have to start somewhere, and doing something is better than nothing at all.''' ,'''I don't think because I hang out with enough black people, I'm gonna turn black. What kind of rationalization is that? I'm just friends with people that I like. I don't care what skin color you are.''' ,'''Growing up, I was always chubby. My girlfriends were always running around in two-pieces, and I never felt comfortable to do that.''' ,'''I have a really close relationship with God. I have more conversations with God, and it's very therapeutic to me. It helps me through a lot of trials and tribulations.''' ,'''I used to not watch what I ate. I would just kind of eat whatever.''' ,'''Fame comes and fame goes, but you have to be able to laugh about yourself and to take it with a grain of salt.''' ,'''I believe in lifestyle changes, and when you think of something long term, you do it better. If I know I just have to eat this way for a week, how does that help you for the long term? It doesn't.''' ,]
+++