+++
author = "Megan Hilty"
title = "Megan Hilty Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Megan Hilty Quotes"
keywords = "megan hilty,megan hilty quotes,megan hilty quote,megan hilty sayings,megan hilty saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am constantly on the move, and if I experience foot discomfort, it makes my job really hard to do.''' ,'''I look at my Twitter feed sometimes, and there's just people tearing apart other performers.''' ,'''I always joke that everything else that I do is to support my theater habit.''' ,'''My version of lip-synching is singing full-out with the track.''' ,'''I could sit around and cry about losing jobs because I'm not a TV star, or I could go and take something into my own hands and try to make it in this world, too.''' ,'''I want to do everything, and I don't think that's too ambitious.''' ,'''I always wanted to make an album, but I knew that I didn't want it to be a musical theater album. It's not that I don't love them - I own every musical theater album ever made - but it just didn't seem right for me.''' ,'''I wanted to be Whitney Houston at first, and when I started taking voice lessons, my voice teacher kind of geared me more towards opera.''' ,'''Theater was a big part of my life from the beginning.''' ,'''I look at the people's careers who I want to emulate, like Audra McDonald, Kristin Chenoweth, Bernadette Peters... They've all found the key to longevity in this business, and that is diversifying, doing as many things as possible to keep yourself relevant, and so hopefully I'm on the same track as all those amazing women.''' ,'''I think the only way you can really grow is if you push yourself and put yourself in uncomfortable positions and doing things that you're not used to; it's exciting.''' ,'''I always thought Broadway's the goal, and then I moved out to L.A. with 'Wicked' and started doing guest-star spots and little recurring things, and I was like, 'Well, this is pretty great; I'm kind of digging this.'''' ,'''The show tune I can never get out of my head is 'Oh, What A Beautiful Morning' from 'Oklahoma!' I don't know why.''' ,'''You always hear about how women working together will catfight.''' ,'''I have to say, speaking from experience, just because an actor starts out in a role in the workshop, they won't necessarily play it when it goes to Broadway.''' ,'''I met the man of my dreams at a gym, and then we got married in Vegas - because we're classy. When you meet at a gym, where else do you get married?''' ,'''The thing about making a musical is that you can and will be replaceable really quickly.''' ,'''I was a huge fan of Damien Rice - and I am a huge fan still!''' ,'''Every time I see a live performance of something, I'm like, 'I want to be doing that!'''' ,'''I am not a writer.''' ,'''I'm a huge holiday person. I love having parties and giving gifts.''' ,'''I'd love to do 'Gentlemen Prefer Blondes' again - especially on Broadway.''' ,'''I come from the theater. Nothing is as difficult as working eight shows a week. Period. End of story.''' ,'''It's so much easier to complain about something than celebrate it.''' ,'''I'm not one of those people that goes into the movies that are based off of books going, 'I know what this is really about.' I want to go and have a good time.''' ,'''I've never been so star struck in my life as when I met President Obama and Bill Clinton... and at the same time, no less! I'm not one to be at a loss for words, and that was a moment when I really was speechless. It was a big, big night.''' ,'''As an actress, I learned a long time ago that there is a lot of this business that is just out of my hands. All I can really focus on is going to work every day and doing my best.''' ,'''I decided I was going to be an opera star. I was about 12.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong - I like to rest a little bit. But I don't do well with downtime.''' ,'''I have two Jack Russell terriers, Harley and Gracie, who I like to go running with in the park.''' ,'''I'm a sucker for French fries - I love that they're salty!''' ,'''It's so funny because people always think of me as being a little bit country or assume that I am from the South - I don't know why!''' ,'''The musical based on my life would most likely be called 'Something Fabulous.' 'Something Fabulous' - that's a great title!''' ,'''I've been very lucky to work with a lot of amazingly supportive directors.''' ,'''To be a series regular for two seasons taught me so much about what it takes to be on a TV schedule and work those kind of hours and just work in front of a camera in general.''' ,'''Breakups are hard for anybody, and no matter how it happens or ends up, they're just hard.''' ,'''I totally let myself indulge, but I make little deals with myself. If I have an extra cupcake, I'll run a couple of extra miles. I think it's all about balance and not getting into extremes with dieting and exercising. Having a healthy attitude is important, too!''' ,'''Yes, yes, theater in general is just going to always be my first love, performing for a live audience.''' ,'''Well, as an actor, at least from my standpoint, I can't not like who I'm playing.''' ,'''The great thing about doing a series about the Broadway community is that the possibilities are endless.''' ,'''People think that theater actors are too big for the camera. It's like, 'No, we're actors and we adjust for our audience.'''' ,'''It's every singer's dream to get to Carnegie Hall.''' ,'''Being in a recording studio is a very different feel from performing onstage. I mean, obviously, you can't just go in and do what you would do onstage. It reads differently.''' ,'''I get nervous about everything. I think there's something wrong if you don't get nervous.''' ,'''My feet are my foundation, and they should always feel good!''' ,'''I secretly love the song 'No More Tears.' It's my go-to karaoke song that I do with all my friends.''' ,'''Everybody's entitled to their opinions, but I don't understand why we have to saturate social media with all the negative stuff.''' ,]
+++