+++
author = "Radhika Apte"
title = "Radhika Apte Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Radhika Apte Quotes"
keywords = "radhika apte,radhika apte quotes,radhika apte quote,radhika apte sayings,radhika apte saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Whether something is sensible or not is subjective. What is sensible to me might not be for others.''' ,'''I don't think that independent or off-beat films are not commercial, nor do I want to categorise them. At the end of the day, what matters is how much you compromise to please the masses. But, I am not someone who loves compromising. If there's a lot to give up on things that matter to me, I start losing interest.''' ,'''I do get a lot of offers for endorsing a brand, but for me, the credibility of the brand matters the most.''' ,'''I run after good stories. If I did not like the story of 'Padman,' and if it was imparting the same message, I probably would not have done it.''' ,'''I am on social media to connect with my fans, but when I'm out on the streets, I don't even wear make-up. I'm in my chappals, on my own, and I like that.''' ,'''Sometimes you really make bad mistakes, and you want to go back and just erase them.''' ,'''My memories mean a lot to me, and I hold them close to my heart.''' ,'''A brand should live up to the expectations of people; it should deliver what it promises.''' ,'''I don't want to be a top Bollywood actress. That's not what is driving me.''' ,'''As we know, menstrual hygiene is an issue women have been facing over the years. It's great that the initiative to provide low-cost sanitary napkins has been undertaken. It is an empowering step for many women.''' ,'''You get negative comments even if you are not talking. So you can't be scared of negative comments from people.''' ,'''Both my parents are doctors, but I'm passionate about dance and have always wanted to act since I was a child.''' ,'''Why are we only talking about gender discrimination. We need to focus on the other kinds of discriminations in practice.''' ,'''You need to learn to say no and need to recognise when you're being exploited.''' ,'''It is difficult to constantly make courageous choices.''' ,'''I am an actor. What I am on screen is what matters.''' ,'''I have never celebrated Valentine's Day in my life.''' ,'''For an actor, it is necessary to vegetate and look for inspiration. I get that from travelling, meeting people, and observing things around me. I bring back my energy by gaining different experiences.''' ,'''I don't see why I should be ashamed of my body. That's the one tool I use as a performer.''' ,'''I love to travel and go to dance classes whenever I get time.''' ,'''Certain people get an opportunity because they happen to be in the right place at the right time. It has no bearing on their talent. I don't think we should look at it and feel bitter about it. That's the way the cookie crumbles in all professions.''' ,'''I can't have double standards, so I do what I believe in.''' ,'''I don't know why, but I can't get myself to like animal prints.''' ,'''I like the sartorial taste of Kangana Ranaut and the effortless style of Ranveer Singh.''' ,'''It is very important to transform every disadvantage into an advantage.''' ,'''Bollywood is a business more than an art industry. One has to play the game others play to carve your own path.''' ,'''I think jokes on colour or body shaming shouldn't be made. It's not funny to crack such jokes.''' ,'''I don't follow norms in my life. They don't make sense to me. I do whatever I feel or what makes me happy and feels right.''' ,'''I think if a Swiss watch can come to the country and have their own corporate stores, a Pakistani actor should come here and do a film here in India.''' ,'''I never get a role if I audition for it.''' ,'''I do films because there is an audience out there. It doesn't matter if they're Indian, American, or European.''' ,'''I like to perform. I hope I keep on getting good offers.''' ,'''In a field like acting, there is pressure of all kinds, and it becomes tricky to navigate this space. There isn't a particular path laid out to get what you want; you have to figure out ways to get there on your own. And yet, there is no guarantee of getting what you want. At times, you don't know whom to listen to or whose advice to follow.''' ,'''I will do a big-budget film. I will do an indie film. I will do a short film. I will do a digital platform show, television, and even theatre. I don't have any restrictions in terms of platform as long as the content is something that I find interesting.''' ,'''It is extremely important for one to face their fears and live a bold life.''' ,'''Yes, I will sign a film for the money. Because sometimes you don't have the money to eat, and you have to get work and maintain a lifestyle. Not just actors - I think everybody does that. No job on this planet is about 100 per cent satisfaction. You do some part of the job for money.''' ,'''The conventional idea of beauty is so boring.''' ,'''If you are an industry kid, the first film is given to you on a platter. However, the pressure and expectations are immense.''' ,'''While I am open to good offers when they come by, I have found my calling in theatre.''' ,'''I'm an actor, and my main purpose is to bring out interesting stories to life. If it involves a cause that I can be a part of, I most definitely will.''' ,'''All I can say is that, as an industry, we are trying to come together and find a way of constructively making a system where we all have a safe environment, and it's going on. I am part of that, and I hope that we come up with a constructive system which is equal and genderless for every human being.''' ,'''Even if you are born with a silver spoon, you have to work hard. I mean, you could be offered films on a platter, but if you don't get up in the morning and learn your lines, it is not going to work.''' ,'''It's not just about looking shocked if the scene demands it. It's about feeling that emotion. You can't lie to the camera, because it captures everything. This is what I have learnt over the years.''' ,'''Playing characters I don't relate to are a big challenge for me.''' ,'''I find it very important to keep learning because, as an actor, you get exhausted. You need more emotion, more experience... you need something to base everything on.''' ,'''I did 'Padman' not only because of its social message. I did it because it was a good story.''' ,'''Wear what feels nice to you, not to impress.''' ,'''I would like to be part of sensible cinema, irrespective of whether it is a commercial or niche film, but it doesn't always pan out like that.''' ,'''Professionalism and punctuality are extremely important, especially in the career path I've chosen. Being on sets, film schedules can be very stringent and tight. They are sometimes at odd hours in various locations. Being there when you're called just ensures that the day starts smoothly.''' ,'''When I was really young, I was obsessed with Bollywood. Then I got exposed to world cinema, and I wanted to be a part of it. Then I was exposed to theatre, and I only wanted to do theatre.''' ,'''On certain days, it can get difficult, because acting is about being naked emotionally. There are days when you are feeling empty, but the scene demands you to go through a cathartic experience. That's why I like to know what my schedule for a particular film is beforehand.''' ,'''I find all my friends very beautiful.''' ,'''I don't mind doing genre roles as long as they offer me something substantial.''' ,'''I don't like people recognizing me all around the world. I really don't like that, as it's breach of my privacy.''' ,'''We have so many male superstars, but there are just a few female actors who have attained that status. It is not only because of the industry; it's in the society.''' ,'''I think you can't get anywhere without hard work.''' ,'''Every night, I watch films.''' ,'''A lot goes in my mind while choosing a role. Choosing unconventional roles is not a conscious decision. I choose the most exciting and challenging role from the options I have.''' ,'''Though I have achieved a little bit in my career, I have to continue working hard.''' ,'''Gender discrimination is not the only form of discrimination one has to deal with.''' ,'''I'm friends with all my contemporaries.''' ,'''I'm game for any kind of roles as long as I find it interesting.''' ,'''I do social media largely for work because I want to be a part of different activities. In India, that's how you make money, so I do it as my job.''' ,'''I understand that when you become a public figure, people pay more attention to you, but my personal life is my space.''' ,'''The menstruation taboo is ancient, and there are so many theories about it. For some, it is fear of blood, and for some, period blood is toxic. If you read the theories about menstruation, you might even laugh.''' ,'''I've always been interested in dance and want to be a trained contemporary dancer.''' ,'''I do believe that laughter is the best medicine - it cures everything.''' ,'''I feel art has the power to bind us.''' ,'''I did not come to Mumbai because I wanted to be a star. I came to Mumbai because I genuinely love acting, and it gives me a kick.''' ,'''Look after all those lovely peculiarities in your face, your body, and yourself.''' ,'''If the actor believes in the moment, the audience believes in it, too.''' ,'''I think success has a different definition for everyone.''' ,'''I feel that discrimination and hierarchy is something that people have to face constantly.''' ,'''There is no set way of getting a role - you don't give an exam, score well, and then nail a film.''' ,'''I have been brought up watching world cinema, and I have travelled a lot, so I am very comfortable with my body.''' ,'''Anything that generates better films, more work, and better content is good.''' ,'''There is a pressure on actresses to look in a certain way. Like, when I have to go out for promotion or interviews, I have to choose designer wear.''' ,'''I want to challenge myself with each project.''' ,'''I want our generation to break stereotypes, and I want Indians who are making their foray in Hollywood to get all kinds of roles.''' ,'''I am not very ambitious by nature, and movies happened to me by chance.''' ,'''Industry is not only driven by talent; it depends upon so many factors. If you need to be successful in this field, one should know how to convert everything into a plus point. If you have a dusky face, make that your plus point.''' ,''''Vetri Selvan' is the first film where I play a conventional romantic role, which I found very challenging.''' ,'''The image of an actor plays a huge role in deciding if he or she can experiment with roles.''' ,'''A face is beautiful when you can relate to it or when you can see the emotion through the face.''' ,'''I love to cook and read books.''' ,'''If I take up something, then it's only because I love it so. It makes no sense to leave it just because I got a better offer.''' ,'''Mentioning the word 'menstruation' has always been a taboo in India. People always shy away from talking about menstruation hygiene, and the awareness about the topic is very dismal.''' ,'''When in doubt, always wear black.''' ,'''I don't do much for skin. Just drink water, try to get proper sleep, exercise, sweat it out, keep it moisturised, and most importantly, clean. That's basically what I do.''' ,'''Initially, I did South Indian films because I needed the money; I had a huge student loan that I had to pay off. But I do feel that Marathi, English, and Hindi are what I'm more comfortable with.''' ,'''When you are a freelancer, you are always looking for a next job. There is always struggle.''' ,'''People who exploit their power and abuse others need to be revealed.''' ,'''I usually take up short films when I am not tied up with feature films. Short films are easier to work on... because it doesn't take much of your time. The number of shoot days are lesser as compared to feature films.''' ,'''I had no apprehensions doing bold scenes.''' ,'''If you go to Canada or Los Angeles, you will get to see many South Asians there, but on screens, they are so less in number. It is abnormal not to have much South Asians on screens.''' ,'''The thing is, if one person recognises you and takes a picture, then four other people who don't even know you want to do the same.''' ,'''I did quite a lot of research for 'Phobia' because it's a very sensitive topic, so I couldn't have just faked it.''' ,'''I am a very hyper person and always get pre-occupied with something.''' ,'''There are hierarchies in B-Town regarding many things, not just gender. Men also go through a lot in this industry.''' ,'''I want to be a part of stories.''' ,]
+++