+++
author = "Park Hyung-Sik"
title = "Park Hyung-Sik Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Park Hyung-Sik Quotes"
keywords = "park hyung-sik,park hyung-sik quotes,park hyung-sik quote,park hyung-sik sayings,park hyung-sik saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was living an almost mechanical lifestyle as an idol, I was constantly wrapped up in thoughts about who I was. That's when I entered a phase in which I was trying to discover myself. Because I was able to get past that difficult phase, I now realize how important it is to protect myself and my identity.''' ,'''When I think of my fellow members, I get a little choked up. I genuinely want for them all to succeed and be happy... Since we went through difficult periods together, I think it's important for us to support each other's endeavors... This is why I don't want to associate the word 'disbanded' with ZE:A.''' ,'''The things I talk about with childhood friends are inevitably different from the things I talk about with friends who are the same field as me.''' ,'''Out in society, you tend to show your good side to people, but at home, you snap at your mom.''' ,'''I feel responsible, as many other people's lives hang on the success of a drama in which I appear. But in essence, I think having various experiences and dialogues with different people helps me improve my acting more than taking lessons.''' ,'''Park Bo Young was like a teacher to me. Personally, we were good friends, but at the same time, I admired her acting and learned a lot from her.''' ,'''I have been a fan of Yoo Ah In's for a long time. Every time I watched one of his films, I would think to myself, 'How does he act like that?' and greatly admired his acting abilities. I felt that I would be able to learn and improve a lot as an actor, just by observing.''' ,'''I really loved Park Bo Young. She's that lovable.''' ,'''Just the fact that I have people I can talk to about my worries is a great gift.''' ,'''Each person has their own unique air or aura, and I can only describe Park Bo Young's aura as just hearts.''' ,'''I have quite a lot of character types that I want to play, so taking on various genres and roles is what I intend to do, if I can.''' ,'''When I first started my acting career, I only knew what my acting teacher taught me. When a director gave me an impromptu direction, I didn't know what he wanted me to do, and I wanted to escape from the place.''' ,'''It's so great to be able to express the friendship between men.''' ,'''With or without the idol tag, I believe I will be recognized for what I have done.''' ,]
+++