+++
author = "Ricky Whittle"
title = "Ricky Whittle Quotes"
quotes_len = "52"
description = "the best 52 Ricky Whittle Quotes"
keywords = "ricky whittle,ricky whittle quotes,ricky whittle quote,ricky whittle sayings,ricky whittle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have always thought beach weddings are beautiful. A sunset ceremony with a beautiful sky, white drapes and fire lanterns.''' ,'''I'm a great believer in the idea that if it's meant to be, it will be.''' ,'''Even in 'Hollyoaks,' we were known as 'the black family' as opposed to just 'the new family.' But that's where we are in the world, I guess. It's getting better; everything's heading in the right direction, whether it be race, sex, gender.''' ,'''I'd do whatever it takes to stay in California; maybe not L.A. because it's so crazy.''' ,'''I'm a huge sun baby. As soon as the sun comes out, my smile gets bigger, so I'm constantly smiling in L.A. It's a fantastic place to be.''' ,'''I want to act in films and TV drama, so that's where I'm aiming to be, and I'm not going to let anything distract me or turn my head until I get there.''' ,'''I was something of a late bloomer.''' ,'''Once people start to realise that colour is just that, it's just a colour, then things got a bit smoother.''' ,'''My character in 'Hollyoaks' went through absolutely everything! There's not one emotion where I'm going to go, 'I don't know how to play this.'''' ,'''They say that no one walks in L.A., and it's definitely true, and I'm embracing that.''' ,'''I must have been 15 or 16 when I left Antrim Grammar, but I do remember having my first proper kiss when I lived there.''' ,'''I actually spoke to one of the heads of a studio, and he said I confuse middle America. Basically, when they see a black person, they see athlete, they see rapper, or they see criminal or something like that. And then when they hear a British accent, they hear posh, so they hear lawyer or doctor.''' ,'''The Ricky that the public see, whether it be on screen as a character, in public, or on social media, is very outgoing, and I'm a bit of a class clown. Then those who are closest to me know that I can be very sensitive. I can be quite insecure about myself.''' ,'''I joined 'Hollyoaks' because in the long-term, I thought it's good money, it's good profile, and everything happens in soaps!''' ,'''My little sister Debbie was born at Aldergrove, and my nan is from southern Ireland, so I do try and get over quite a bit.''' ,'''We try and give as much diversity to our show as possible. That's something that's very strong in our show: there are so many strong female leads in 'The 100.'''' ,'''No one remembers the runner-up!''' ,'''I'm ambitious and I'm determined and I know where I'm going to be. It's not where I want to be, but where I'm going to be.''' ,'''My friends said I was crazy, but L.A. is the hub of the industry. It's the epicenter of the business. If I wanted to get above the plateau that I had reached in the U.K., I had to make that move.''' ,'''I'm just a big kid; I get excited. That's probably the one thing in life that I get really excited about is cars.''' ,'''The best food I've had was actually in catering at 'Single Ladies.' It's insane. I can't live in Atlanta. In fact, even if I'm offered, I'm not sure I could come back for another six months, because I'll just be fat.''' ,'''Blood must not have blood... I don't stand for anyone bullying bullies.''' ,'''Growing up, at that time, I didn't want to be black because I was bullied, and I'd tell my mum that I wanted to be white like everyone else at school.''' ,'''No one should ever suffer in silence. Bullies thrive in silence.''' ,'''I love L.A. I love America; it's fantastic. The people are friendly, and everyone's always smiling. The sun is always shining. My only problem is choosing what color shorts to wear.''' ,'''I think anyone is lying if they say they don't want to win.''' ,'''I don't think anything can prepare you for the 'Strictly' experience. It really is insane. I mean, I played football, rugby, American football. I go to the gym. I like to think I'd be quite fit, and I don't have much fat on me to lose, and yet I still lost a stone and half and three inches off my waist.''' ,'''My abs were my bread and butter in the U.K. - the calendars, the photoshoots, and all that came with it.''' ,'''I've never liked my smile, you see. I should have had braces as a kid, but I was too proud and too vain. And I didn't want to be bullied at school.''' ,'''I have an acting coach, a dialect coach, and just a great team around me.''' ,'''With 'Strictly,' I am mentally and physically knackered: everything aches. I knew it would be hard, but I never thought it would be this tough.''' ,'''You have to have chemistry - it's acting. I need to make people believe the rumba is about two people in love, and the tango is about passion.''' ,'''First black Bond - that's my aim! That's the one!''' ,'''I don't want to embarrass myself on TV!''' ,'''Sometimes, when you've got a couple of females on the cast, you'll have a diva, or you'll have arguments. I've been on shows where girls haven't quite got on.''' ,'''Keep watching 'The 100.' It's an incredible show, and that's my family.''' ,'''I really have a new-found respect for dancers.''' ,'''I remember 'Rain Man' with Tom Cruise and Dustin Hoffman with all the Lamborghinis being lifted off the tanker. I was obsessed with this car. Absolutely obsessed with this car. It was my dream, and to finally drive one and own one was incredible.''' ,'''As actors, when you can't be in the room with the casting director or the producers, you put yourself on tape and send it off.''' ,'''When you're living in L.A., you really do have to raise your game - you have to be the best 'you' possible.''' ,'''As in all TV shows, and especially a show called 'Mistresses,' all is not going to be as it seems.''' ,'''I believe it's my position as a partner to make the other feel secure. I'm very loving and very into my partners when I am with them. I just want them to feel safe.''' ,'''My favourite compliment now is that people are talking about my acting, my craft - not my torso.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of old, classic American musclecars like a Shelby GT or the '69 Dodge Charger, cars that inspired me through my childhood. They used to get me real excited when I was a kid. To own one and actually be able to drive them in America is a little of a dream.''' ,'''We need to sort the kids out and educate them properly. After all, they are our future.''' ,'''I've never used chat-up lines; I don't have the gift of the gab.''' ,'''I'm more of a mimic. My accent tends to drift to where ever I am.''' ,'''I'm not as stupid as some people think. I've got a degree in law.''' ,'''If things are said maliciously, and they're meant to hurt, then that's the sort of thing we need to try and stamp out.''' ,'''I'm very competitive, and I want to be known to do well.''' ,'''When you're younger, you do take things personally.''' ,'''I'm going to continue the dancing because it really was an inspiration; it changed my life.''' ,]
+++