+++
author = "Ted Ligety"
title = "Ted Ligety Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Ted Ligety Quotes"
keywords = "ted ligety,ted ligety quotes,ted ligety quote,ted ligety sayings,ted ligety saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are definitely perks to being a good ski racer.''' ,'''Sochi will be my third Olympics, and I'm coming into these games in a stronger position than I've been in years past.''' ,'''When I grew up, I had a lot of fun ski racing with my friends. We pushed each other, and this made it easier to work hard.''' ,'''I started playing around with GoPros on my own to get some cool footage. But it's actually become a big training tool for my team and me.''' ,'''I don't do ski racing to be famous.''' ,'''My parents never pushed me to ski race. It was my choice and something I really wanted to do. I would have rebelled if they had pushed me, and I wouldn't have had the same passion.''' ,'''I'm an athlete, so I'm very interested in making the sport as safe as possible - just for my own career longevity.''' ,'''I feel very confident in my skiing. I know I have a good chance to win any race I start.''' ,'''I'm very involved in Shred, constantly checking in on something. It takes a lot of time. But it has let me leverage who I am as an athlete into a product.''' ,'''I wanted kids to know that it's cool to be in a ski race in the morning and to go play in the terrain park in the afternoon. It's not one or the other.''' ,'''I think it is important to let your kids have independence and ownership. Let your kids do what they have a passion for.''' ,'''I work a lot with my ski sponsor, Head, to develop new technologies.''' ,'''A lot of racers have some of their best days when they're sick.''' ,'''It's the nature of the beast, playing sports on the ski team and how competitive all of us are. I want to beat everybody's time.''' ,'''Ski racing is probably the least guaranteed sport out there. It's really rare when the favorites win.''' ,'''I've never liked the idea of working for other people.''' ,'''I'm fine with being a little bit of an instigator.''' ,]
+++