+++
author = "Mario Botta"
title = "Mario Botta Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Mario Botta Quotes"
keywords = "mario botta,mario botta quotes,mario botta quote,mario botta sayings,mario botta saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me, architecture is not just creating a space to protect people but to make them dream as well.''' ,'''Artificial light is used because you can control it better. Technically, it is more homogeneous, more delicate, and less damaging to artwork. But I think it's interesting when the visitor can see variations in the light, when it is not only technical or suitable.''' ,'''Buildings in modern cities have lost their metaphoric aspect. Much contemporary architecture is very fragmented and busy on the outside. It's like a skin or a skull, but you don't know what's inside.''' ,'''To me it was fascinating, the idea of going to university and studying a subject - architecture - that I had already faced in building some small houses.''' ,'''There's no point in us designing synthetic laboratories that could just as well be in Dusseldorf or Helsinki. San Francisco has its light, which must be used.''' ,'''Church architecture describes visually the idea of the sacred, which is a fundamental need of man.''' ,'''The Academy of Architecture in Mendrisio comes from afar. Our land has a millennial history of emigrations: master masons, architects, builders, decorators, plasterers, artists from the world of building.''' ,'''Great architecture of the past was always clear. SFMOMA is still a simple building to understand.''' ,'''I want to modernize the ancient. I prefer to work with materials formed naturally over thousands of years.''' ,'''It was very useful to learn the history, the theory, and the art of building from a practical background.''' ,'''The architect aspires to build in a city as the artist aspires to exhibit his works in a museum.''' ,'''The architect works in the territory of memory.''' ,'''I wanted to design a museum in which everything would seem clear.''' ,'''A museum is a spiritual place. People lower their voices when they get close to art.''' ,'''In 1996, I took advantage of some favourable circumstances to propose to the state of the Ticino Canton the foundation of the Academy of Architecture and, with it, an Italian-speaking university in Switzerland.''' ,'''There is great mystery in a church. For me, there is a great privilege to be confronted with the design of a church because it shelters the most powerful themes of humanity: birth, marriage, death.''' ,]
+++