+++
author = "Michael Lindsay-Hogg"
title = "Michael Lindsay-Hogg Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Michael Lindsay-Hogg Quotes"
keywords = "michael lindsay-hogg,michael lindsay-hogg quotes,michael lindsay-hogg quote,michael lindsay-hogg sayings,michael lindsay-hogg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not good at normal things. I can't drive a car. I couldn't read till I was 10.''' ,'''I completely trust Gloria Vanderbilt. I have always found her very honest.''' ,'''I'm sure there are people who think I only do music, people who think I only do theater, and people who think I only do dramatic stuff. I do things that interest me.''' ,'''I think my mother was like a small company which, because things are not ship-shape, keeps two sets of books, one for the auditors and then there's the other one.''' ,'''I have become my own father.''' ,'''One of the things I find very little of in America - and certainly not on Broadway - are plays with political attitudes.''' ,'''And one thing about Mick Jagger is he keeps his eye very closely on not only where the dollars go but where the pennies go.''' ,'''Actors were the first people to accept me.''' ,'''I didn't have the equipment for the regular world of being a lawyer. I didn't have the imagination for that. I did have a funny kind of ambition, but I didn't know where to put it.''' ,'''When we first put 'Let It Be' out, I had to cut out a lot of stuff that I really like and wanted to stay in there. The stuff in the new DVD has a lot of the stuff that had to be cut out. So for me, it's like the egg is now complete.''' ,'''I found Mick Jagger... very bright. I always liked him very much and still do.''' ,'''One of the things I find in writing about people who are dead is that, after a short or long time, no matter how close the relationship was, they become like characters in fiction.''' ,]
+++