+++
author = "Rebecca Pidgeon"
title = "Rebecca Pidgeon Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Rebecca Pidgeon Quotes"
keywords = "rebecca pidgeon,rebecca pidgeon quotes,rebecca pidgeon quote,rebecca pidgeon sayings,rebecca pidgeon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you want to know how far gossip travels, do this - take a feather pillow up on a roof, slice it open, and let the feathers fly away on the wind. Then go and find every single feather and re-stuff the pillow.''' ,'''A 'gossip partner' is someone you love and trust, with whom you may go through the day's events with impunity, and with whom you may air your feelings, without them falling asleep.''' ,'''On reading the first part of Anthony Powell's four-part masterpiece, 'A Dance to the Music of Time,' I was struck by one of the characters - an irritating peripheral character- who keeps showing up in the main protagonist's life.''' ,'''We live in such an age of chatter and distraction. Everything is a challenge for the ears and eyes.''' ,'''City life is stressful. Everybody is running around like crazy, stuck in traffic jams trying to make meetings, trying to make ends meet, trying to meet deadlines, trying to get kids to and from activities. There aren't enough hours in the day for all this business.''' ,'''Be good, kind, and friendly to the receptionist. She's had a hard day.''' ,'''Contemplate the good things in your life and be grateful for them.''' ,'''I am interested in outsiders. I suppose I have always felt like one myself.''' ,'''Farm Aid was started in 1985 by Willie Nelson, Neil Young, John Mellencamp and Dave Matthews as a concert to support small local farms in the U.S.''' ,'''When I read Deborah Brenner's book 'Women of the Vine' about women wine makers, I was impressed that many of the women she had interviewed had come to wine making later in life as a second career.''' ,'''Enjoy the fashions, read the good articles, and when you feel threatened, turn your mental gaze inward, but keep your eyes on the road, or you won't know where you are going. Have a practice or discipline that lets you be in touch with your inner self, your soul.''' ,'''When I first drove my car down Sunset Strip, I nearly crashed my car gazing at the monolithic ads of various celebrities. They are bigger than King Kong, and more frightening.''' ,'''The Kabbalists say that the holy one of the universe is broken, and that we are extensions of the holy one and carry that brokenness inside of us. Our task is to fix our brokenness and hence the brokenness of the holy one.''' ,'''Thinking about quantum physics is like unraveling your brain and putting it back together again upside down. Much like studying Kabbalah.''' ,'''Life is a mystery. Life is uncertain. It makes one feel a bit wobbly to realize that.''' ,'''Val Kilmer gave my husband, David Mamet, a Randall knife as a gift when the two of them were making the film 'Spartan.'''' ,'''I am always in awe of people who devote their lives to a good cause and are brave enough to take a stance, though it may be controversial in their time.''' ,'''I know the feeling of being with a person with whom I have nothing in common, and yet there they are, and there we are, together, sharing pieces of our lives.''' ,'''I met my husband at the rehearsal of a play. We were introduced, and he shook my hand without looking at me and said perfunctorily, 'Pleased to meet you.'''' ,'''I was impressed by a program called New Roots, which helps women refugees from countries in conflict to start new lives in the U.S. by farming. They are trained in a four-year program, at the end of which New Roots helps them find their own land to farm and live on.''' ,]
+++