+++
author = "Kathie Lee Gifford"
title = "Kathie Lee Gifford Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Kathie Lee Gifford Quotes"
keywords = "kathie lee gifford,kathie lee gifford quotes,kathie lee gifford quote,kathie lee gifford sayings,kathie lee gifford saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Over the years my mom has become a self-taught Biblical scholar.''' ,'''For many people religion can be so easy they stumble right over it.''' ,'''To me an audition is 30 crazed people in a room waiting to be axed.''' ,'''Why do I pray? Because I never know what's going to pop out of my mouth.''' ,'''The payoffs in showbiz seemed as random as a slot machine.''' ,'''I wasn't ever interested in marrying someone else's career or bank account.''' ,'''For every sleazeball in the business there are plenty of decent and wonderful people.''' ,'''It's no secret that I love to talk, but the real secret is I love to listen, too.''' ,'''I would never want to hurt anyone by writing a book.''' ,'''I don't think Lloyd's of London would insure this mouth.''' ,'''I once said the Queen of England could use some fashion advice.''' ,'''When I was almost 13 I was ripe for religion. I was actually just plain ripe.''' ,'''I hate politics, hate deals, and deal-making, hate meeting with attorneys and agents.''' ,'''If I could learn to treat triumph and disaster the same, then I would find bliss.''' ,'''I felt no stigma whatsoever in becoming the third Mrs. Gifford.''' ,'''A fear of the unknown keeps a lot of people from leaving bad situations.''' ,'''People were referring to me as the new Anita Bryant. Anita would get a little jealous.''' ,'''If I'm in love I want to get married. That's how stupid I am.''' ,'''Mom thinks I live in this dream world where everybody's Ivana Trump.''' ,'''There was no way we'd ever get spoiled. Daddy made sure to instill in us a work ethic.''' ,'''Other kids did drugs; I did crafts. I never knew where I fit in.''' ,'''Sexual harassment is complex, subtle, and highly subjective.''' ,'''To this day I do not believe I'm great at anything.''' ,'''They don't call me spontaneous and irreverant for nothing.''' ,'''There were no bigger stars in the new evangelism than the Bakkers.''' ,'''God didn't bless me with success so I could eat caviar every day.''' ,'''Our culture is in moral chaos. On TV we celebrate freaks instead of honest, decent people.''' ,'''Love in the real world means saying you're sorry 10 times a day.''' ,'''Life seemed so simple and joyous when I was growing up.''' ,'''I was told all my life I was part Cherokee. Then it was Crow. The latest is Blackfoot.''' ,'''I sang with Anita Bryant in the Southern Baptist churches.''' ,'''We're imperfect people trapped in an imperfect world until we get to that place beyond.''' ,'''We heard stories about fakery and decoys at revivals. I never personally saw any trickery.''' ,'''I did feel from day one that I was a born performer.''' ,]
+++