+++
author = "Dion Waiters"
title = "Dion Waiters Quotes"
quotes_len = "75"
description = "the best 75 Dion Waiters Quotes"
keywords = "dion waiters,dion waiters quotes,dion waiters quote,dion waiters sayings,dion waiters saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My mom lives with me. She lives with me, yeah. I'm a mommy's boy, you know.''' ,'''What's crazy is, my whole life I been a leader. I'm not a follower.''' ,'''During this quarantine I've been dieting, getting my weight down, getting in shape.''' ,'''Every night is not going to be your night, I understand that. But I learned how to impact the game other ways and I think my defense, my playmaking ability is surprising a lot of people.''' ,'''One of the things about K-Love, he knows I pass the ball.''' ,'''I've made mistakes in my life before, but I'm not that person. At the end of the day, it's not just me trying to prove I'm a perfect kid. I've made mistakes like everybody else, but I can show a different side of my personality you may not thought I had.''' ,'''You know me, I play basketball. I just try to take care of that part, make sure I'm ready coming into the workouts. Make sure I'm ready, sharp, things like that.''' ,'''It's a miss and make league. As long as you have that confidence to take that last shot, knowing - I'm pretty sure you can't go home and sleep at night knowing you had the opportunity to take that shot and you shied away from it.''' ,'''I'm armed and ready when my number is called.''' ,'''I'm used to having the ball, man. So, not really having the ball in my hands... it's just me trying to find different ways to impact the game.''' ,'''Like I've said, you've got to bet on yourself sometimes... I bet on myself and it worked.''' ,'''Every day I need that confidence to get by. It ain't got nothin' to do with ball. It's who I am. It was instilled in me.''' ,'''You learn from your mistakes at the end of the day. We don't got to keep drilling on the past, things like that. You live and you learn.''' ,'''I'm a fun person to be around.''' ,'''I just know when I get in the game, I've got to be instant impact off the bench.''' ,'''I can one-on-one, mano-a-mano, BBQ chicken, I don't care.''' ,'''People are gonna like who they like, there's nothing you can do about it. Just go out there, do what you do best, play your game and try to become a better person on and off the court.''' ,'''I'm the type of guy, I get mad if I see you keep dribbling in front of me. I'm going to try to get it eventually. I just got a knack for the ball, I guess.''' ,'''I just want to be respected.''' ,'''I'm planning to go watch tape to see what D-Wade did when he played with LeBron. I need to learn how to be effective out there with him.''' ,'''Let Dion Waiters be him. Correct me when I'm wrong but let me make mistakes.''' ,'''The Internet is a lose-lose situation.''' ,'''Everybody from my childhood growing up had to have that confidence, that self-will. Go out there and do something, be something, prove that you're gonna be more than this.''' ,'''I can't predict the future. All I can do is continue to try to stay in shape and work on my game and have a clear mind and not try to think about negative stuff.''' ,'''I've hit big shots in real games. I love the moment. I cherish the moment.''' ,'''I was never a bad guy, never got in trouble. It's just that I played with anger and I was aggressive or I really never smiled.''' ,'''Work on your game. Block everything else out. Don't worry about your brand. Work on your game. So you can come into the league ready and prepared.''' ,'''When I get the opportunity to get the ball, I've got to destroy my opponent.''' ,'''It killed me being on the bench and watching my teammates play. I wanted to be out there helping them win. But that gave me more motivation.''' ,'''Some guys like myself, we like to play off the crowd.''' ,'''I was that guy who you point the finger at, but I was fine with it. I could take it.''' ,'''Just having the right people in your corner make things a lot easier.''' ,'''I was just really excited for the city of Cleveland. I think the city, more than anybody, deserves this. They deserve to have LeBron coming back.''' ,'''I'm very confident in myself.''' ,'''But I think a lot of guys need to branch off from home for a while so you can figure everything out, learn how to take care of off-the-court issues so when you do go back home if you decide to, the transition would be easier.''' ,'''I sacrificed my body for the Heat, and I'd do it again.''' ,'''I love my country. I love the United States of America. I'd rather be here than any place else.''' ,'''The stuff I've seen and lived and survived. Gun to my head, cops coming to your house. I had the confidence of telling myself that I'm going to make it. Everything I've been through, I could've had a mental breakdown, but I kept it together. If I didn't have that confidence I wouldn't have made it. That confidence has nothing to do with basketball.''' ,'''Summertime where guys played pickup, we got a thing in Philly called Summertime Rec. In that summertime you can't duck no smoke. You can't duck nobody in that basketball vibes.''' ,'''At the end of the day you have got to do what's best for you and what's best for your family.''' ,'''She told me, 'I didn't raise no quitter.' That coming from your mom, that's powerful words. That's all I needed to hear. That just drove me. I just took it in and ran with it.''' ,'''When I do get in the game, just getting me going. How do you get me going? If that's running plays or things where I can impact and get going. But once I'm in the flow, I'm in the flow. It's hard to get me out of that.''' ,'''You stay sharp. You go back into the gym. You work, put that work in, get that conditioning up, you lift. You pretty much know as a pro athlete what you need to do to get yourself back. But none of that, for me, means as much as playing.''' ,'''Any guy would like to play being out for so long. You miss that adrenaline and everything that comes with it.''' ,'''Especially the young kids who don't have any guidance, just stuck on trying to be a tough guy or trying to be a gangster - there are different ways out there to better yourself. You just need the right guy out there to push you.''' ,'''My mom got shot. My dad got shot. Some of the craziest stuff. All that happened to me.''' ,'''One thing about Syracuse, whatever you're going through, the love is unconditional.''' ,'''As a human being, as a person, you can't make a decision based on what other people are going to think.''' ,'''I think playing is the biggest thing for me. I don't think practice can help me.''' ,'''It's great, just to even get mentioned in the category with the type of person like Dwyane Wade, one of the best NBA players in the league today. It's great, and that makes me work even that much harder to be better than him.''' ,'''I lost three cousins and a best friend, and they all came at the wrong time. Everyone told me to be strong and that they were in a better place. But I didn't want to hear that. They were gone and I will never see them again.''' ,'''I was so locked in. At one point I remember thinking, I'm not going to be a father, boyfriend, friend, whatever. I'm here to play.''' ,'''I learned how to be a pro, I learned how to win, I learned about building relationships with your teammates; it goes beyond basketball. I pretty much learned everything I know from OKC.''' ,'''Sometimes, it's hard holding back the truth, how you really feel, and sometimes the best way is let it out and move forward.''' ,'''I need to go play the right way, listen to LeBron and be a sponge and try to soak up what he's going to tell me.''' ,'''What do they want me to do, get lipo? I'm just big boned. There's nothing I can do.''' ,'''You can't judge a book by its cover until you open up and read it. There are going be a million stories out there, true or not true. I say get to know me first before you judge me.''' ,'''I'm working on everything, especially staying balanced when I shoot the ball. That's the biggest thing, as well as taking good shots within the offense.''' ,'''You know, I wake up every day with a T-shirt and shorts on.''' ,'''I'm a grown man. I don't point fingers.''' ,'''I just try to work out and work on my game.''' ,'''My kids, my family, my support system is so strong. I've got a lot of good people in my life.''' ,'''I don't play for social media.''' ,'''When you're young, you're still trying to find yourself coming into the league. I think Bron was trying to help me with that, but I was so stubborn back then.''' ,'''You've got to wake up and perfect your craft, every day, and at the end of the day, you know, you get the star power, magazines, photos shoots, but you've got to say humble, you've got to stay grounded.''' ,'''You can call me whatever. Philly Cheese. Bubble Cheese. Whatever.''' ,'''That's just my motto I live by, humble and hungry.''' ,'''I can only control what I can control at the end of the day, so some things you just can't allow to take your head the other way, some things happen for a reason.''' ,'''I've had an amazing experience at Syracuse University.''' ,'''I believe the Thunder believed in me. Of course.''' ,'''I'm a father now. I've got a beautiful kid. I'm a little more wiser.''' ,'''I'm a competitor. Any time you work hard and you envision something a certain way and it's not going as you planned and you see it, you know, you go back to the drawing board and you figure it out.''' ,'''Every time something is going good, going great, there's always something that happens to remind you of reality.''' ,'''Coming out of high school I was really given everything, never really had to work for anything.''' ,'''Yeah, I blew up. But people don't see the other side of it. They don't talk about how I played on a broken foot. They don't know about the everyday grind.''' ,]
+++