+++
author = "Jay Hernandez"
title = "Jay Hernandez Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Jay Hernandez Quotes"
keywords = "jay hernandez,jay hernandez quotes,jay hernandez quote,jay hernandez sayings,jay hernandez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me, I think that I don't like feeling pressure from outside sources. I'd rather put the pressure on myself and push myself to do it as good as I can.''' ,'''It's always challenging to go into a role.''' ,'''I grew up in LA. I sort of watched the Raiders play and that sort of thing.''' ,'''Some of the material out there - I don't want to say that it's all bad - but there's a lot of bad stuff out there. You just continue reading scripts, and eventually you find something you connect with.''' ,'''I'm pretty athletic and I play basketball a lot.''' ,'''No, I've never played baseball in my life.''' ,'''I'd heard about Texas football and how much of a religion it is, but to go to Odessa and experience it first-hand is something different than just hearing about it.''' ,'''No, I was going to college and got discovered.''' ,'''But in film you always watch situations or stories that you really have no relation to. A lot of times just because there's no personal connection doesn't mean you can't connect with the film or the characters in the film.''' ,'''I would say being in that institution - that psyche ward, or whatever it was. That was really creepy because it was a real place from like the early 1900s.''' ,'''There are a couple of projects that are sort of on the plate; I haven't closed any of them yet. I'm trying to figure out which one is going to be the best one for me.''' ,'''Best thing that's happened this year? Maybe Hostel. It was a great experience. I loved it.''' ,'''We're not in high school anymore and we've had a little more life experiences to help us better understand what were going through in terms of stardom and recognition.''' ,]
+++