+++
author = "Bob Mould"
title = "Bob Mould Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Bob Mould Quotes"
keywords = "bob mould,bob mould quotes,bob mould quote,bob mould sayings,bob mould saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You're surrounded by electronic music in New York. I mean New York is one of the few places in North America where electronic music is the prevalent form.''' ,'''There's so many companies that are spending so much money on 17-year-olds... I can't compete with that. I'm not that guy anymore, they can't dress me up and roll me out there and make me look good. I am what I am!''' ,'''When the business starts shaping the art, or the delivery of the art, then it's not right.''' ,'''When I'm winning, winning, winning with a certain way why would I mess with that? When I realised there was lot to be gained from failing in some people's eyes, it made it all the more interesting!''' ,'''I don't like the dislocation of being away for months at a time. It's not conducive to having a life.''' ,'''How do I explain Neil Young? Great question! I explain Neil Young as, I would kill to see his acoustic shows.''' ,'''I think also there was a lot of coming to terms with where I am in life, where I fit in as a gay man in America, and getting more comfortable with who I am.''' ,'''The blues is something separate from what I do. They connect at certain spots, but blues is different. I wouldn't put it in with what my career has been. That would be a whole separate wing.''' ,]
+++