+++
author = "Justo Gallego"
title = "Justo Gallego Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Justo Gallego Quotes"
keywords = "justo gallego,justo gallego quotes,justo gallego quote,justo gallego sayings,justo gallego saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm in a happy state. I have no doubts about what I'm doing.''' ,'''At first, people thought I was just some kind of kook. But now they see the cathedral, see what I have done, and they are supportive.''' ,'''When I started to build this cathedral, the word on the street was that I was crazy.''' ,'''I still have the same beliefs as when I was in the monastery.''' ,'''I've never been with women, because I'm celibate, as ordered by God, as if I were in a monastery. For me, the church is my wife.''' ,'''I've had lots of ideas. For example, I had the idea of making a small version of the Vatican's dome. I also got ideas from medieval castles - I've mixed medieval castles with the Romanesque style.''' ,'''Gaudi was surrounded by the rich folk of Catalonia, I've seen a picture of him with people wearing elegant hats and drinking wine. But that's not like me - I'm on my own.''' ,'''People are lost. Their feelings are based around material things, and because that doesn't make them happy, they look for something else: bullfighting or soccer, or they go travelling, off to India - and that's not right. You can't just decide, 'I'm going on holiday to India.' Only when God allows you to. You have to ask His permission to go there.''' ,]
+++