+++
author = "Joel Osteen"
title = "Joel Osteen Quotes"
quotes_len = "213"
description = "the best 213 Joel Osteen Quotes"
keywords = "joel osteen,joel osteen quotes,joel osteen quote,joel osteen sayings,joel osteen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People in tough times - it doesn't mean they don't have a great attitude.''' ,'''I don't have all the answers.''' ,'''Isn't it funny how babies laugh a lot? I read a toddler, a young child laughs 300 times a day. The average adult laughs, like, four times a day. God put it in them. He put the laugh in us, but I think sometimes we let life get us down, you know, have bad breaks, and we lose our breaks.''' ,'''Let go of yesterday.''' ,'''I believe the scripture says that being gay is a sin.''' ,'''Prospering just doesn't have to do with money.''' ,'''If we're going to bring out the best in people, we, too, need to sow seeds of encouragement.''' ,'''If you don't let people flourish in their jobs, why are they going to stay?''' ,'''It seems like when I was growing up there was more compromise, wanting to work with each other, and I think all of them - all of the lawmakers - have hearts to do what's right, and they all are passionate about it.''' ,'''It's amazing how people will give when you don't ask. Many of them send money because they believe in the message.''' ,'''God can cause opportunity to find you. He has unexpected blessings where you suddenly meet the right person, or suddenly your health improves, or suddenly you're able to pay off your house. That's God shifting things in your favor.''' ,'''I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors.''' ,'''My biggest hobby is hanging out with my family and kids.''' ,'''When I hear Mitt Romney say that he believes that Jesus is the Son of God, that He's the Christ, raised from the dead, that He's his savior - that's good enough for me.''' ,'''Let go of offence. Let go of fear. Let go of revenge. Don't live angry, let go now!''' ,'''The older I get, the better I understand that every day is a gift.''' ,'''I think, for years, people have been pushed down by religion, and I don't say that disrespectfully, but they've been shown a God that you can't measure up to.''' ,'''If we say it long enough eventually we're going to reap a harvest. We're going to get exactly what we're saying.''' ,'''My belief as a Christian is when we receive Christ as salvation, that that gives us a guarantee for Heaven.''' ,'''I believe God's keeping the records, and I believe you will be rewarded even in this life. Somehow, some way, God will make it up to you. It may be He protected you from an accident you never knew. You can't give God something without God giving you more in return, whether it's peace or joy or satisfaction.''' ,'''I believe that God's dream is that we be successful in our careers, and that we be able to send our kids to college. I don't mean that everyone is going to be rich, and I preach a lot on blooming where you're planted. But I don't have the mindset that money is a bad thing.''' ,'''We think when God speaks to us, there's going to be a boom out of Heaven or we're going to get some chill bumps, but I really believe God's talking to us all the time. He's talking to us right in here. I call it our heart, our conscience, but it's the Holy Spirit talking to us.''' ,'''It's God's will for you to live in prosperity instead of poverty. It's God's will for you to pay your bills and not be in debt.''' ,'''I don't mind saying, you know, that I don't take a salary from the church, and God has blessed me with more money than I could imagine from my books.''' ,'''You can live your life angry, bitter, mad at somebody or even guilty, not letting go of your own mistakes, but you won't receive the good things God has in store.''' ,'''You may make some mistakes - but that doesn't make you a sinner. You've got the very nature of God on the inside of you.''' ,'''My dad had a church of 90 people when I was born. It was just, over the years it continued to grow.''' ,'''I think God gives every one of us our own will, and unfortunately, some people choose to do evil things with it.''' ,'''I just think that trusting God means we're going to have unanswered questions, and God is so much bigger than us, we're never going to understand them all.''' ,'''You have enough people against you... be for yourself.''' ,'''Only God can look at somebody's heart.''' ,'''I think faith is incredibly important because you will become overwhelmed with what's happening and you will have waves of grief, but when you turn to your faith, I believe God will give you waves of grace to get through it.''' ,'''God wants to bless us where we are.''' ,'''God wants you to be a winner, not a whiner.''' ,'''When my dad founded our church, he used either a globe or a map of the world behind him. It was symbolic of what Christ said: to go forth and preach hope to the world. We believe in the cross, but we just continued with the globe.''' ,'''Bottom line: God will not allow any person to keep you from your destiny. They may be bigger, stronger, or more powerful, but God knows how to shift things around and get you to where you're supposed to be.''' ,'''I always want to listen to people and receive good criticism, but I just don't have to answer to them; I have to answer to God.''' ,'''To me, we're marketing hope.''' ,'''Every day is a gift from God. There's no guarantee of tomorrow, so that tells me to see the good in this day to make the most of it.''' ,'''God has already done everything He's going to do. The ball is now in your court. If you want success, if you want wisdom, if you want to be prosperous and healthy, you're going to have to do more than meditate and believe; you must boldly declare words of faith and victory over yourself and your family.''' ,'''If Jesus were here today, he wouldn't be riding around on a donkey. He'd be taking a plane, he'd be using the media.''' ,'''I purposely don't talk about money, because people are already skeptical about TV preachers. But I do say that I want you to be blessed. To me, prosperity is having health, having great children, having peace, good relationships. It's not about the money.''' ,'''A good thing to remember is somebody's got it a lot worse than we do.''' ,'''Salvation and Christ's love is a gift. You don't earn it. You've got to receive that gift.''' ,'''Gays are some of the nicest, kindest, most loving people in the world.''' ,'''I don't think you should spend your life praying for things, but I do believe you should thank God for what He's given you... but I think the scripture teaches us that we can pray for our dreams, pray for the big things... he's not a small God; this God is incredible.''' ,'''When I grew up, the Devil was a reason why I had a headache or the Devil was the reason I got mad today. We always blamed the Devil. I think today when I say the Enemy, I like to make it broader. Sometimes the Enemy can be our own thoughts.''' ,'''You're not better than anybody else, but you're not less than anybody else. You're a child of the Most High God.''' ,'''I like sports, and I enjoy playing basketball and lifting weights.''' ,'''I've always been - you know, my personality is motivating and encouraging. And so I'm just being who God made me to be.''' ,'''I always try to put a seed of hope into people's hearts. I'm not there to teach them doctrine necessarily, but to let them know that God is a good God, and has a plan for their lives. Hopefully, that will restore their faith, or draw them into faith.''' ,'''A lot of psychological principles and even medical principles, you see them coming around to what the Bible said hundreds of years ago: a merry heart is good like a medicine.''' ,'''I'm not for gay marriage, but I'm not for discriminating against people.''' ,'''God wants us to prosper financially, to have plenty of money, to fulfill the destiny He has laid out for us.''' ,'''There's pros and cons of a big church. Cons is I don't get to know everybody, I don't get to go to their ballgame, I don't get to marry everybody, but the pros are you get all this community, 800 ushers come in to serve, getting there at 7 in the morning on their day off and coming in on Saturday to make all those wafers.''' ,'''It is a hard thing to let go of mistakes we've made and sins. God wants us to do that because He knows the guilt and the condemnation will keep us from becoming who He has created us to be.''' ,'''I think that God gives you your own will and choices. I don't believe that we're supposed to drag ourselves through life defeated and not see God's blessings. But you have to make the right choices and follow that still, small voice within you. Because I think that's how God leads us.''' ,'''You'll never rise any higher than the way you see yourself.''' ,'''Every day we have plenty of opportunities to get angry, stressed or offended. But what you're doing when you indulge these negative emotions is giving something outside yourself power over your happiness. You can choose to not let little things upset you.''' ,'''Don't ever criticize yourself. Don't go around all day long thinking, 'I'm unattractive, I'm slow, I'm not as smart as my brother.' God wasn't having a bad day when he made you... If you don't love yourself in the right way, you can't love your neighbour. You can't be as good as you are supposed to be.''' ,'''Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith.''' ,'''I'm not the judge. You know, God didn't tell me to go around judging everybody.''' ,'''I'm trying to make God more relevant in our society.''' ,'''See, when you drive home today, you've got a big windshield on the front of your car. And you've got a little bitty rearview mirror. And the reason the windshield is so large and the rearview mirror is so small is because what's happened in your past is not near as important as what's in your future.''' ,'''I don't like to beat people down. They need to be lifted up.''' ,'''I've always been very happy. I've always been easy going and I've always been very encouraging; it's just my personality.''' ,'''I don't know what can be so dangerous about giving people hope.''' ,'''I don't argue when people say that my message is simple, but I believe Jesus' message was simple. Jesus didn't go around condemning people.''' ,'''I don't want to just preach to the church. I feel like I have a broader message.''' ,'''I wouldn't ever say if you're having tough times then there must be something wrong with you or your attitude. Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith. I encourage people to stay up, stay hopeful, stay faith-filled.''' ,'''God always wants us to be growing.''' ,'''So many people are looking at what's wrong, and I try to encourage them to look at what's right in their life. A lot of people have it a lot worse than you do.''' ,'''Let go of yesterday. Let today be a new beginning and be the best that you can, and you'll get to where God wants you to be.''' ,'''Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.''' ,'''Yes, the Bible should be taught in our schools because it is necessary to understand the Bible if we are to truly understand our own culture and how it came to be. The Bible has influenced every part of western culture from our art, music, and history, to our sense of fairness, charity, and business.''' ,'''I'm not looking to exclude people, I'm looking to include them.''' ,'''I'm not trying to follow a set of rules and stuff. I'm just living my life.''' ,'''You can be committed to Church but not committed to Christ, but you cannot be committed to Christ and not committed to church.''' ,'''I've never preached one sermon on money, on just finances. I want to stay away from it.''' ,'''For a while... to be an evangelical meant you were a white Republican, and you were against this and against that. I don't want to be put into that mold, because then people judge you before they even listen... I don't want to divide the very people I am trying to reach.''' ,'''In my early teens, I knew I wanted to do television production. I loved cameras, editing and producing, anything that had to do with television production. My friend had a production studio across town, and we'd go over there at night and shoot and edit. I produced my father's televised service for 17 years.''' ,'''The main rule to me is to honor God with your life. To life a life of integrity. Not be selfish. You know, help others. But that's really the essence of the Christian faith.''' ,'''People are skeptical of many televangelists, and I'm sensitive to that.''' ,'''I didn't try to copy my dad or fit into the pressure or the mold that everybody tried to make me fit into.''' ,'''A lot of preachers' kids are some of the most rebellious kids in the world. I never was like that.''' ,'''Sometimes what works 40 years ago doesn't work today.''' ,'''When people are around us, they should leave better off than they were previously. Rather than feeling discouraged or defeated, people should feel challenged and inspired after spending any time with you and me.''' ,'''We can be civil. We can still be friends, and be Democrats and Republicans, and have different views.''' ,'''I don't argue when people say that my message is simple, but I believe Jesus' message was simple.''' ,'''It doesn't matter who likes you or doesn't like you, all that matters is that God likes you. He accepts you, he approves of you.''' ,'''I try to speak in everyday language. I feel like God has gifted me to take Bible principles and make them practical.''' ,'''We live in a culture that relishes tearing others down. It's ultimately more fulfilling, though, to help people reach their goals. Instead of feeling jealous, remember: If God did it for them, He can do it for you.''' ,'''I want to challenge you today to get out of your comfort zone. You have so much incredible potential on the inside. God has put gifts and talents in you that you probably don't know anything about.''' ,'''The question is not, 'Do you have a problem?' The question is, 'Does the problem have you?'''' ,'''I think the word rich is all relative.''' ,'''There's a belief that you're supposed to be poor, and suffering, and show your humility. I just don't see the Bible that way. I see that God came and Jesus died so that we might live an abundant life and be a blessing to others.''' ,'''Indeed, it is as important to learn how to receive a blessing as it is to be willing to give one.''' ,'''I think God's justice is making wrongs right.''' ,'''You know, there is always times where you feel discouraged and things coming against you, but I don't know if I ever wanted to throw in the towel.''' ,'''It's in the difficult times that we're growing and you can't just rebuke everything hard. We've got to endure it and fight the good fight of faith and pass the test.''' ,'''I believe God, Jesus, died that we not just go to Heaven but that we excel in this life. I never think you make money your goal... God wants you to excel. Just keep Him in first place, and God will open up doors you never dreamed of.''' ,'''See, people are watching you. Especially your children. They're taking in every single thing you do. They are like video cameras with legs. And they are always in the record mode. They learn more from what you do than from what you say.''' ,'''There's plenty about God that I don't understand and can't explain. But I come back to my core belief that God is good, that He's for us.''' ,'''I think a big test we all face in life on a regular basis is that discouragement test. Life's not always fair, but I believe if you keep doing the right thing, God will get you to where you are.''' ,'''I'm healthy as can be - not an ache or a pain. A lot of my prayer is thanking the Lord that I am healthy. I pray for long life and good health.''' ,'''I'm a reverend and a pastor. A pastor of the church. I go by usually pastor.''' ,'''The greatest difficulty always comes right before the birth of a dream.''' ,'''I try to live what I teach. A lot of things come against us in life, but we should try to find something to be grateful for, and see each day as a gift.''' ,'''I say, don't try to fight your own battles because God will do it.''' ,'''I believe that when you think of the negative, and you get up discouraged - 'There's nothing good in my future' - I really believe it almost ties the hands of God. God works where there's an attitude of faith. I believe faith is all about hope.''' ,'''Everybody is going to have their critics. It's easy to get discouraged in life.''' ,'''I'm honest enough to say I don't know everything. You know, I don't. I don't understand all of God. I don't understand, you know, some kind of why bad things happen.''' ,'''I really believed that fear is contagious.''' ,'''I want the services to look and sound like the Grammys. It's not showy, but we represent God, and it should be first class.''' ,'''People respond when you tell them there is a great future in front of you, you can leave your past behind.''' ,'''I think sometimes the critics want me to beat people down, and that's not in me. I want to lift people up.''' ,'''The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends.''' ,'''We need to, you know, restore people. We need to show mercy. I mean, because as much mercy as you show people, that's the mercy you're going to be receiving.''' ,'''If one dream dies, dream another dream. If you get knocked down, get back up and go again.''' ,'''I think how you start the day many times determines what kind of day you're going to have.''' ,'''We need to show mercy. I mean, because as much mercy as you show people, that's the mercy you're going to be receiving.''' ,'''You are victors, not victims!''' ,'''Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.''' ,'''I feel like my message is to let people know that God is a good God, that He's on their side, and no matter what happens, He has a great plan for them.''' ,'''The truth is, somebody is always talking about you, so you have to let it go... if it's not a part of your God-given destiny.''' ,'''Sometimes when you take strong stands, if you're not called to do it, you're dividing the audience you're trying to reach.''' ,'''You were not created to just get by with an average, unrewarding, or unfulfilling life. God created you to leave your mark on this generation.''' ,'''Most people already know what they're doing wrong. When I get them to church I want to tell them that you can change.''' ,'''I have always believed in God.''' ,'''Christmas is the perfect time to celebrate the love of God and family and to create memories that will last forever. Jesus is God's perfect, indescribable gift. The amazing thing is that not only are we able to receive this gift, but we are able to share it with others on Christmas and every other day of the year.''' ,'''Sometimes, I think if you get away from what you're called to do, it's more of a distraction.''' ,'''I think Bible principles are principles for life.''' ,'''Friend, there's no greater investment in life than in being a people builder. Relationships are more important than our accomplishments.''' ,'''I want get across to not just the church world. I want to get outside those walls to everyday people.''' ,'''I made a decision when my father passed away that I was going to be who God made me to be and not try to preach like my father.''' ,'''I believe God gives you the grace to do what you need to do.''' ,'''Encouragement to others is something everyone can give. Somebody needs what you have to give. It may not be your money; it may be your time. It may be your listening ear. It may be your arms to encourage. It may be your smile to uplift. Who knows?''' ,'''Just because something didn't work out your way, or somebody disappointed you, that does not change who you are.''' ,'''If you are against yourself, you will never reach your highest potential. And when you criticize yourself, you're criticizing God.''' ,'''Sometimes we look back and 10 years from now we think, 'Boy, those were great old days.' Well, you know, we're living in the good old days.''' ,'''My message is that God is a good God.''' ,'''Whether a person is straight or gay, Republican, Democrat, good person, not a good person, they're all welcome, because to me, church is a place you're supposed to get healed and whole and loved.''' ,'''Sometimes we look at gay being a bigger sin than being proud or not telling the truth. I don't think God categorizes sins.''' ,'''Sometimes God will deliver you from the fire, and other times God will make you fireproof.''' ,'''I like to think my dad was easygoing and kind, and I think some of those things have been passed down. I am like him in a sense of being positive and hopeful. He was compassionate, and I've got a lot of that in me as well.''' ,'''We were old sinners - but when we came to Christ we are not sinners anymore.''' ,'''A lot of people have it a lot worse than you do.''' ,'''This is my Bible. I am what it says I am. I have what it says I have. I can do what it says I can do.''' ,'''Some people keep God in a Sunday morning box and say, 'Hey, I did my religious duty.' That's fine, but the scripture says to pray without ceasing. And I think that means all through the day you're talking to God. Even if it's in your thoughts.''' ,'''I believe God wants you to have money to pay your bills, send your kids to college and do charity work and build orphanages. There's the teaching that we're supposed to be poor to show that we're humble. I don't buy that. I think we're supposed to be leaders. We're supposed to excel.''' ,'''Many times, we miss out on God's best because we give up too soon. We don't realize how close we are to victory.''' ,'''God's got you in the palm of His hand. You won't leave one second before your time. If God wants you to be here, then you're going to be here.''' ,'''You can be happy where you are.''' ,'''I don't think that a same-sex marriage is the way God intended it to be.''' ,'''You cannot let where you are today cause you to get stuck. I'm going to be my best right now. That's what faith is all about.''' ,'''I write all my sermons.''' ,'''Any of us can be happy and have a good attitude when everything is going our way. But I believe it's the real test of your character and of your faith to say, 'Things are not going our way, but I'm still being good to people; I'm still attending church; I still have a good attitude.'''' ,'''Do all you can to make your dreams come true.''' ,'''I'm trying to make God more relevant in our society. And I think talking in everyday terms and making sure people can understand it - I think that's important.''' ,'''You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.''' ,'''God's desire is that we excel.''' ,'''I try to look on all the great things God's done, and not focus on the negative. It's a perspective.''' ,'''I don't believe we are supposed to go through life defeated and not having enough money to pay our bills or send our kids to college.''' ,'''I believe that God breathed life into every person and that every person is made in the image of God and you have accept them as they are, on their journey. I'm not here to preach hate or push people down.''' ,'''God made you a masterpiece - be blessed, secure, disciplined and equipped.''' ,'''Every setback means you're one step closer to seeing the dream come to pass.''' ,'''I like to take every day just searching my own heart, making sure that I'm on course, and I'm doing what God wants me to do. I'm real good with not looking to the critics and looking straight ahead.''' ,'''Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test. And God promises you your marked moments are on their way.''' ,'''When you give up yourself, that's when you will feel the true spirit of Christmas. And that's giving that's serving others and that's when you feel fulfilled.''' ,'''The ultimate connection is when you are connected to the creator of the universe.''' ,'''I believe that God has put gifts and talents and ability on the inside of every one of us. When you develop that and you believe in yourself and you believe that you're a person of influence and a person of purpose, I believe you can rise up out of any situation.''' ,'''Sometimes you need faith and victory spoken over your life. Words have created power. When you receive them into your spirit, they can ignite seeds of increase on the inside.''' ,'''I don't go down the road of condemning.''' ,'''I'm very careful about saying who would and wouldn't go to heaven. I don't know.''' ,'''We live in a day that nobody's lived in before: where you can touch more people. The message I'll speak tonight and the message that I speak at home, people in India will hear. It's just an amazing day.''' ,'''If you want to reap financial blessings, you have to sow financially.''' ,'''I don't focus on the critics. Everyone who is making any difference in any field has critics. As long as I feel like I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing, then I don't worry about it.''' ,'''I just think that it's strong and it's important that we recognize what the Christmas season is about; it's about the birth of our Savior, and there's a lot of pressure today to be politically correct, but people are realizing, too, that you have to be open to express your faith what you want believe.''' ,'''I'm trying to throw a big broad net to try to get people interested in God and believe that He's for them and has a purpose.''' ,'''When the negative thoughts come - and they will; they come to all of us - it's not enough to just not dwell on it... You've got to replace it with a positive thought.''' ,'''Why don't you start believing that no matter what you have or haven't done, that your best days are still out in front of you.''' ,'''I deal with more practical issues of the Bible.''' ,'''God puts people in our lives on purpose so we can help them succeed and help them become all He created them to be. Most people will not reach their full potential without somebody else believing in them.''' ,'''Faith is about trusting God when you have unanswered questions.''' ,'''Faith is easy; I think people complicate it.''' ,'''If you don't set the tone for the day, the devil will set it for you.''' ,'''I mean we all need a second chance sometimes.''' ,'''In difficult times, we're not supposed to quit believing; we're not supposed to quit growing.''' ,'''A disagreement or incident involving someone who's not that important to you, like a guy who cut you off in traffic or a rude cashier, is something that should roll off your shoulders. Save the effort for resolving conflicts with the people you cherish.''' ,'''When I used to play sports, I'd be the one cheering the team on, 'Come on, we can beat these guys!' That's just in me.''' ,'''The Hindus are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet.''' ,'''I'm not a big believer in trying to jam stuff down somebody's throat: 'You're going to do it my way.' I'd rather show by example and live my life and have people say, 'You know what, I want to live like Joel has. He's got peace and joy, and he seems content.'''' ,'''When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance.''' ,'''I don't know what can be so dangerous about giving people hope. Causing people to have better relationships. I'm not leading them to some false God or something like that.''' ,'''You may never get to that perfect world that you're waiting for where everything's going to be perfect and you got that much money and your house paid off.''' ,'''I do know this... I seem to reach a lot of previously unchurched people. So many people have told me they never went to church until they heard our message of hope that God is a good God who desires to bless those who are faithful and obedient to Him through Jesus Christ.''' ,'''I'm going to let God be the judge of who goes to heaven and hell.''' ,'''On Sundays when I speak, I hopefully give somebody something that they can use the next day at work or at home.''' ,'''To me, it's OK to have differences. But we don't have to be mad about it. You know? And I think that's where sometimes we get so passionate that we - you know, it turns into anger.''' ,'''You can change your world by changing your words... Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue.''' ,'''I don't mind saying, you know, that I don't take a salary from the church, and God has blessed me with more money than I could imagine from my books. It's been printed all over, so I don't feel like I am hiding anything.''' ,'''Mormonism is a little different, but I still see them as brothers in Christ.''' ,'''Well I think a lot of times we're putting things off and I'm going to do it later. I'm going to break this bad habit or I'm going to pursue this dream or I'm going to treat my spouse better.''' ,'''My parents were the same in the pulpit as they were at home. I think that's where a lot of preachers' kids get off base sometimes. Because they don't see the same things at both places.''' ,'''A lot of churches have not moved with the times.''' ,'''People define Christianity differently. I think a large portion of our population are Christians, they're not all growing in their faith, they're not all active, but I believe that a lot of people believe in Jesus and believe that he is their Lord and Savior.''' ,'''My friends and I had fun together, but I was more reserved, not at all the life of the party. I would just be the quiet one in the room.''' ,'''God didn't make a mistake when He made you. You need to see yourself as God sees you.''' ,'''If you give, you will be blessed.''' ,'''It's flattering to people who stop you and say that you've helped them and all. But, again, you know, you've got to stay humble because as quick as you came up, you can come down.''' ,'''You have to come to your closed doors before you get to your open doors... What if you knew you had to go through 32 closed doors before you got to your open door? Well, then you'd come to closed door number eight and you'd think, 'Great, I got another one out of the way'... Keep moving forward.''' ,'''It's easy to get negative because you get beat down. You go through a few disappointments and it's easy to stay in that negative frame of mind. Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is a whole cliche, but your attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.''' ,'''Don't grow accustomed to living with less, doing less, and being less to the point that you eventually sit back and accept it.''' ,]
+++