+++
author = "Howie Long"
title = "Howie Long Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Howie Long Quotes"
keywords = "howie long,howie long quotes,howie long quote,howie long sayings,howie long saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I really enjoy my time in Montana.''' ,'''The week of the Super Bowl takes on a carnival atmosphere. There are so many media commitments. There are so many NFL commitments, buses being shuttled from here to there. You are practicing at unfamiliar places. You are asked to do things that are outside of the norm of your typical game week.''' ,'''I usually wear my Hall of Fame ring on a more regular basis because it is more like a college ring. It is a little more understated. The Super Bowl ring is kind of loud, but I take great pride in those two things.''' ,'''I'm far more nervous watching my kids play than when I played myself.''' ,'''I was sick a lot, and doctors told my grandmother I'd never grow up to be big and strong. Isn't that ironic?''' ,'''I'm never one to question people's courage.''' ,'''When I played, I thought I was one of the 10 baddest guys in the world and should change for work in a phone booth. You need to think that way.''' ,'''I have this dying desire to be on top. I'm paranoid about it. It's almost a sickness.''' ,'''With the Raiders, you walk a little bit of a fine line. It's hard to be objective, and it's hard to be critical.''' ,'''I played 13 years. I did quite well in professional football. Therefore, I do not need.''' ,'''I was uncontrollable. I didn't like school. I was younger than everyone in my class by two years. I had few friends. I never had a girlfriend. I was kind of a grandmother's boy.''' ,'''Some guys, when they retire, they say they're doing it to spend more time with their family and then they do five other things.''' ,'''I was a street kid, but that meant hopping a ride on the back of the MTA down to Revere Beach - that's the beach that's made out of concrete - or sneaking into the Boston Garden to watch the Celtics or the Bruins.''' ,'''What it comes down to is, people either want to watch what you're doing or they don't.''' ,'''You play to have an opportunity to win.''' ,'''I have all the socks and underwear I need.''' ,'''When I left for Milford I was in the 10th grade and had never read a book from cover to cover. From the fifth grade on I felt if you studied intently something was wrong. The coolest kid in class was regarded as the leader and you fell in behind him or you were frowned upon... and whatever else that entailed.''' ,'''People are nice in Seattle.''' ,'''Running backs like Emmitt Smith and Barry Sanders, you were lucky to get a piece of them.''' ,'''I enjoy what I do on the field. In fact, I need it. But I don't have a problem separating my on-field life from my off-field life.''' ,'''I've been operated on a whole bunch. I've broken everything there is to break.''' ,'''Having grown up in that area, and being like every other kid that grows up in that area, it's John Havlicek, it's Bobby Orr, it's Sam Bam Cunningham, it's names and players like that who you kind of live your dreams through. Having come from there, I'm very proud of the fact I'm from Boston and continue to be proud of that.''' ,'''You can recover from a concussion in a week. But a knee injury can end your career.''' ,'''I really did retire to spend more time with my boys.''' ,'''My grandmother is the type of person, I'd be down playing cards in the park, and she'd take the dog and walk down to the park, like 10:30 or 11 at night. I was 12 years old. She'd come down yelling for me. I'd be embarrassed in front of my friends. She'd grab me by the hair on my head.''' ,'''I don't really miss football anymore. I played for a long time, and played it well.''' ,'''Some teams hold a little more than others. It's an art, but it's not an art I appreciate.''' ,'''I just want to make a few action movies.''' ,'''Professional athletes, like it or not, have a responsibility to the kids of America.''' ,'''I really don't know what would have happened if my uncle hadn't taken me in. He took a hoodlum and turned him into a student-athlete from Milford.''' ,'''I was a quiet kid. I was very introverted, believe it or not. I never spoke above a whisper. I was always, 'Yes sir.' I was raised that way.''' ,'''I like John Riggins. He's one of the guys I look up to. He doesn't try to change his act to suit his profession. He just gets the ball and tries to ram it down your throat. I respect that.''' ,'''I've always been a nice guy, but let's face it football's a mean game.''' ,'''I don't think I had one personal foul in my career. Now, that being said, no one can ever say I never brought it.''' ,'''The Raiders hit straight up. And thats the way we expect to get hit.''' ,'''I'm a nervous dad.''' ,'''As a kid, my goal was survival.''' ,'''The head coach is the director, the quarterback is the lead actor and the offensive linemen are the grips.''' ,'''I was a big kid who never played any organized sports. You played a lot of sports in the streets and I excelled at that, but I was never confident enough to go out for Little League. I was afraid I might get cut, or I might not be able to hit the ball.''' ,'''The identity of the Raiders was linked to Oakland, and the identity of Oakland was linked to the Raiders. They're synonymous. It's one and the same.''' ,'''I went to Villanova.''' ,'''Growing up in Charlestown, we didn't have money, but we weren't poor either.''' ,'''I was lucky to make a lot of money in football, and broadcasting is succeeding beyond my wildest dreams, so I'm in the position to say no to a lot of things.''' ,'''I'm a hungry individual, but I'm not mean.''' ,'''Punters are players, too. They got to learn to take the hits. If they dont want to get hit, they shouldnt be out there.''' ,'''I don't believe in beating people up just for the sake of grabbing a headline.''' ,'''I almost said no to 'Broken Arrow.' I ended up doing it on a lark.''' ,'''Unfortunately, everyone thought that Teri Hatcher was my wife. Matter of fact, I would be with my wife, holding my wife's hand at a football game, and someone would come up to me and say, 'Hey, I love those commercials you do with your wife.' My kids almost had shirts made up that said, 'Teri Hatcher is not my mom.'''' ,'''I won't have the sacks of a Mark Gastineau and I won't get all those pursuit tackles. Our responsibilities are different. He's allowed to freelance all over the field. I have back-side responsibility. I have to play the reverses and cutbacks. Let me know when Gastineau decides to play the run.''' ,'''Lack of enthusiasm in the stands tends to be less inspirational on the field. It doesn't send the chills down your spine. It's not that magic moment that you dream about growing up.''' ,'''I'm a Catholic.''' ,'''When I talk to kids, I have a theme: If you work hard, life is easy.''' ,'''If wives or girlfriends are knowledgeable about sports, it only benefits their relationships. It's all about give-and-take negotiations, like saying, 'I'll see 'Unforgiven' if you'll see 'The Bridges of Madison County.'''' ,'''I looked at Randy White... I looked at Klecko. I looked at Gino Marchetti. I looked at a lot of players. Bob Lilly. There are players I looked at over the years when I was a young player and tried to steal a little bit from their game and fit it into my game. And Joe Klecko was someone I thought was a bear to deal with.''' ,'''I hate to admit it, but my family was on the back burner for a good part of my career. I was so engrossed in what I was doing that I took my VCR home, ate dinner, went to my room and watched five games. Four days after the Pro Bowl, I'd be at the gym. But I'd do it again in a heartbeat. Football was my way out.''' ,'''I think people who had made the transition from sports into film, the mistake that they made in the past, they tried to be too much. They tried be the guy in the film.''' ,'''Marshawn Lynch is an angry, violent runner.''' ,'''When I was playing football, I was offered little parts in movies, but I always said 'No, thanks.' It didn't seem to be the right time.''' ,'''There is no easy way to greatness in any venue. But if you work hard, good things will inevitably happen to you.''' ,'''God gave me good people around me, and He gave me size. It's kind of a miracle, really.''' ,'''I grew up in the streets in Boston in a row-home neighborhood playing hockey.''' ,'''I'm happiest when I'm in a helmet.''' ,'''You know, most of my friends are either dead or in jail. There were a lot of tragedies.''' ,'''My philosophy with Hollywood is the same as when I played ball. I try to bring everything I know to whatever I do. If I fail, then it's not for lack of trying.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it is not about money. It is not about cars. It is about legacy and it is about rings.''' ,'''My family members were always there and I was very fortunate for that I mean, I played hockey growing up. That was the sport everyone in Charlestown played back then, and I had skates and the equipment, but I was growing so fast, it became hard to afford new stuff every year. But hockey was it for me.''' ,'''Run into other people for 20 years, you're gonna have pain. But I'd do it all again... It's like I say to my kids: 'Good things that happen are often a byproduct of a sacrifice you've made.'''' ,'''I know I'm lucky to be where I am.''' ,'''I got a concussion on the final play of a game, and I don't remember leaving the field. No one helped me off the field. Apparently I was on my feet and I just followed the crowd of players into the locker room. I don't know where I was or what I did for 10 minutes.''' ,'''For a while here in L.A., we had a problem with the wave. They didn't quite know when to wave.''' ,'''I'd cut school and go over to the Lori-Ann Donut Shop and eat doughnuts. I got a job at the pet store near Lechmere, unloading fish tanks. They gave me $10 for unloading a full long-bed truckload. I never broke a fish tank. When I asked for a raise, I got fired.''' ,'''I just play hard-hitting football, but at least I look the opponent in the face before I hit him.''' ,'''You have to lead by example - my 80th play has to look the same as my first play.''' ,'''We had barracuda jackets and alligator shirts with the collars up. We were wearing the collar up before it was cool.''' ,'''Philadelphia is a football town. Boston is a baseball town.''' ,'''Everything I've done after football requires so much less focus, less work, less stress, it's kind of like a weight has been lifted off your shoulders. You no longer have to be the toughest guy in the world.''' ,'''For me, coaching in the NFL doesn't fit. I coach high-school football, so I get my fix.''' ,'''When Hall of Fame voters decide who is inducted, it's a really difficult process. Players have to have an advocate in the room, and it's typically their own local beat writer.''' ,'''The beauty of having played pro football for so long is that people haven't seen me angry, overly happy or despondent - the range of emotions a human being shows.''' ,'''I'd never played on a team until high school. It gave me a sense of belonging, a focus, and helped build my confidence. I liked the feeling of accomplishment and the respect. Sports ideally teach discipline and commitment. They challenge you and build character for everything you do in life.''' ,'''You don't have to sell the fact that a football player has toughness.''' ,'''I was an average football player in college.''' ,'''I come hard every play.''' ,'''It's not like I'm a Buddhist or anything, but I think we've all got, to a certain extent, a predestined life. My journey took me from Boston to Philadelphia to Oakland to Los Angeles and then as a broadcaster. I've been fortunate.''' ,'''I never thought about money when I was playing.''' ,'''I had a mental block. I didn't think I could be successful at right end.''' ,'''Do I miss the players? Do I miss the smell of the stadiums? Do I miss the adrenaline that comes from being there? I miss that a lot.''' ,'''My poor wife, we stopped on the way back to the suite after our wedding reception so I could pick up a jar of peanut butter and a loaf of bread. I mean, I'm not a real exciting guy.''' ,'''I think people have a different perception of me than what I am. I think they get me confused with Lyle Alzado.''' ,'''I learned about FightSMA from a family in Virginia where I live. I was immediately struck by the great fighting spirit of the children and families involved in this struggle.''' ,'''Listen, if Bill Belichick were coaching in Poland, I think you'd be excited about playing for him.''' ,'''As a broadcaster, I've always taken the approach that I want to be informed. I want to understand. It's easy to mail it in and throw a take out there.''' ,'''Teams are often times a reflection of their coach both on the field and in the media.''' ,'''Interestingly enough, on every team there's usually a minimum of two and a maximum of seven knuckleheads on a roster.''' ,'''It's important for kids to realize nothing is given to you.''' ,'''I'd never carried on a conversation with a black until college.''' ,'''I have always felt a responsibility to pay it forward.''' ,'''There are always guys that give you a glimpse of the future. Maybe Gene Upshaw. Ted Hendricks. Lawrence Taylor was a glimpse of the future. Kellen Winslow was a glimpse of the future. Mike Haynes.''' ,'''I think you get used to being looked at. It used to bother me when I was young. But you get more secure with yourself at least as a man the older you get.''' ,'''I used to live at Jack-in-the-Box.''' ,]
+++