+++
author = "Mo"
title = "Mo Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mo Quotes"
keywords = "mo,mo quotes,mo quote,mo sayings,mo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a crazy imagination, and it's a visual one that can be scary from time to time.''' ,'''I love mainstream music.''' ,'''The songs I write are about how I feel and the vibe I'm in. So whether I'm on a tour or at home it's like all about how you feel in the certain time you sit down.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of the Moomins and my fans are called Momins. They're the best, so creative, talented and sweet - just like Moomins.''' ,'''I've always really liked the idea of an artist name, like a cover-up, even though in my music I'm being very personal in the stuff that I write about.''' ,'''I think everyone grew up thinking that by their mid-20s they'd have everything sorted out, but I know I don't.''' ,'''My parents would use all of their money for us to go new and exciting places, instead of a new television or a big car.''' ,'''I think books make you think in a different way than movies and documentaries.''' ,'''I dream of doing something where people are like: 'That's different, but it's still something I can relate to,' because that's the way of moving forward.''' ,'''People find it hard to place me. I'm doing pop, but I'm this weird quirky Dane that used to be in a punk band. And she's singing about being messed up but at the same time she seems normal? I don't know.''' ,'''It's so important that you are constantly moving. And when things are hard, it will just make you fight harder - that's what you need to develop as a person, I think.''' ,'''A lot of my songs are about being a teenager with a tornado in your head.''' ,'''A fear of not being good enough? But that's what drives me.''' ,'''I don't know if Kim Gordon does collaborations but I'd love to work with her on something one day.''' ,'''So many people have opinions and try to guide you, and everyone has the best intentions, but it makes it harder to cut through the noise and be like 'wow, this is what I really want to do.'''' ,'''Ever since I was 19, I've been in a relationship, to be honest. I always go from one to another, for some weird reason, and I always find someone where I connect on a personal level.''' ,'''As a teenager my favorite band was Sonic Youth, and everything they did was always obviously them, and always so artistic. There was another layer of meaning, underneath everything, that you could search for.''' ,'''I really like FKA twigs. She's wonderful. She's so cool. Like, insanely cool.''' ,'''The best pop songs are the ones that show that person's personality. It's harder to do those singles because the stars, moon and sun have to align and the audience have to be ready, but it's worth waiting for it.''' ,'''I love to watch people not care too much about the choreography, or if they sing perfectly, or if the right label people are there to watch them. It's just about letting go and being crazy and engaging people in dance and madness - being a human instead of a doll.''' ,'''The thing I loved about my old punk band, it wasn't really about being vulnerable, it was about shouting and being fun and being aggressively political, which I thought was really cool and really fit that energy.''' ,'''Kim Gordon is my biggest style icon.''' ,'''I tend to learn from mistakes that I've made. Even though it sucks to make bad choices, sometimes it's good to fail.''' ,'''When I'm in a session with someone I don't know, I like hanging out for a moment and talking and seeing if we can find some similarities in whatever conversation we're having. The best thing is when you just go for it - just do something that feels good and makes you feel free in the moment.''' ,'''I've been a fan of House of Holland for a couple of years now and I actually had a secret dream of working with the brand one day! So obviously I was super thrilled when I got this chance!''' ,'''It's like when something good is happening with young people, then the old, grey people in power will be like: 'No! It cannot be like this!'''' ,'''I love Duolingo. I'm learning Spanish on it, and it's such a good way to pass time on flights or the bus.''' ,'''I want to be myself otherwise what's the point.''' ,'''It's such a horrible feeling to not be honest to who you are.''' ,'''I was very ambitious in my dream of being a pop star.''' ,'''I was a trouble teenager. I was uncontrollable, but I haven't done anything that I'm not proud of.''' ,'''If you stick with one sound and one way of working, how will you ever progress?''' ,'''Not to be a bummer, but heartbreak is great for inspiration - we all know that - and it's really hard to write songs if I go through a phase where I don't feel much.''' ,'''In my heart I believe that the best pop is the weird stuff.''' ,'''I remember coming home when I was 14 and being like, 'Yeah, I'm a communist now!'''' ,'''I've always liked the idea of being different.''' ,'''Life was so easy as a child, maybe you fall over and you cry but you get back up again.''' ,'''I was a bit of a tomboy.''' ,'''I want to be sure I'm being myself. I don't want to follow something because someone's like 'do this, it's popular.'''' ,'''I definitely think the best songs are written when you feel something strongly.''' ,'''I've been in many bands and every time I try to be a character that's not me it has failed miserably.''' ,'''You start off at an early age dreaming about love, but you have no idea how it will be.''' ,'''I think it's exciting, working with new people. There's something refreshing about not knowing what's going to happen. It's like an open sky of possibilities.''' ,'''My music is about all these things that happen to you while growing up in search for some kind of truth.''' ,'''What I love about working with Diplo is that it feels very free and fluid - we can work on a song apart from each other or in the studio, and it's always, 'Let's brainstorm, here are new ideas.' I like that kind of workflow, where it's constantly moving.''' ,'''I think it's very important of course that you're politically aware of what you do.''' ,'''When I was seven-years-old I discovered the Spice Girls. I fell in love immediately, and I decided I wanted to be a musician myself. This became my goal and my biggest passion to strive for. And so I dressed up as a pop star at Halloween 1996.''' ,'''I feel so grateful for the whole ride that I've been on.''' ,'''Linking With You' is about being in love with somebody and obsessing about 'playing the game' right.''' ,'''I love those days when you get up super early and get stuff done.''' ,'''Ever since I was a little kid, there was something about change that scared me so much, but, at the same time, I've always been terrified of being stuck, so it's kind of like a paradox that I'm living.''' ,'''I think I would like to kiss Darth Vader.''' ,'''Blur' is about feeling lost, and on a personal level I would be lying if I didn't mention that this song, for me, was about feeling creatively and artistically lost in the city of all great opportunities, Los Angeles.''' ,'''I try not to spend too much time online but at the same time if I didn't, I'd be isolated.''' ,'''For a long time I wasn't actually listening to pop. But when I got back into electronic and hip-hop stuff, I rediscovered my passion for pop music.''' ,'''I do always like to sing Lana Del Rey, just because I know all her songs. But people at karaoke always want something up-tempo. Sometimes the energy level will change from 'party' to 'emotional,' which I think is great but some people don't.''' ,'''I had everything you could collect. I had these Spice Girls postcards. I also had the stickers and Barbie girls. I had all five of them. I was a real fangirl. They were actually preaching some cool stuff, the thing about girl power and sticking together with your best girlfriends.''' ,'''I love a kind of androgynous look and then let the accessories / clothes shape it.''' ,'''The biggest lie about getting older is that excitement and growth end with youth.''' ,'''I have been a huge fan of ABRA ever since I discovered her in 2016. I love her gloomy fresh universe and her youthful unique vocals. Also I find her lyrics and visual output super exciting.''' ,'''Obviously there's so many great artists out there that I'd love to work with.''' ,'''Nostalgia has always been a key player in my songwriting cause within that space I find a great deal of inspiration.''' ,'''I didn't fit the mold of a popstar.''' ,'''When I was around 12 or 13 my older brother had this friend who was a goth. He was dressed all in black... You know like super, super goth! I was just so drawn to that darkness and weirdness. I just wanted to rebel. And now that I think about it, rebel against what? I mean I have lovely parents and brother and things were always very great.''' ,'''The older I get the more I become aware that I'm a woman.''' ,'''I think the most radical thing you can do is be yourself.''' ,'''The best present I have ever received was when I was about 13 and I got a really cool pair of black fake buffalo shoes. I was so happy about them. They were fake but I was ok with that.''' ,'''I had never in my wildest dreams imagined that I would actually be singing on a top 10 Billboard song.''' ,'''I think it's to do what's important to you, and having a lot of people - hopefully - listening to your work. It also involves being a credible artist, and being able to reach out to those who will buy into it for some other reason. But on a more personal level, success comes from having many close and strong relationships.''' ,'''The worst present I got was when I was 10. I had specifically wished for a Barbie horse. My dad got me a cheap, poorly made version of it and I cried all evening.''' ,'''There's so much talk about female artists doing their own thing but being super supportive, coming together and doing projects together. I love that whole wave.''' ,'''It's always been a mantra to me, when making music or creating art, that you have to be vulnerable.''' ,'''When I wrote my first album, I was reading Joseph Campbell - he's this philosopher who writes about mythology. That inspired the title, 'No Mythologies to Follow.'''' ,'''You cannot just be the feature act, not that that's a bad thing, because that's a good thing, especially nowadays. But as an artist, you want to express yourself and you want to know what you want to express.''' ,'''The first song I ever wrote was called 'Because I Love You.' I was very inspired by the Spice Girls and they were singing about love and stuff and I was seven.''' ,'''Everything changed after 'Lean On.'''' ,'''For me, it's all about making a song that communicates something to a big crowd, but you still feel like it's authentic to who you are. That's that kind of pop that I hope and wish to do.''' ,'''You have to dare to totally be yourself and go 100% with your heart and guts.''' ,'''I got into music around the age of eight years old, and I think the reason why was because I discovered the Spice Girls. I fell in love with them, and it was the first time I ever felt like the music was just directed to me.''' ,'''I was always into the West Coast rap, the production and the flows were always more appealing to me. I think my rapping days are over though.''' ,'''I love having short hair - that means I can wear big earrings and even dresses sometimes without me feeling too feminine.''' ,'''Back in the day I had a tendency to fall in love with people who were very challenging to be in a relationship with. But truth was I just loved the fire and the drama.''' ,'''In Denmark we're so privileged. You get money to study, you get money if you're sick and you get money if your hand hurts. It's hard to be critical of people who are sick getting money, but in Denmark everyone gets money thrown at them and it makes them lazy.''' ,'''As a kid I was super into all kinds of pop. It wasn't until I became a teenager that I moved more into alternative music and punk rock.''' ,'''Obviously I am a huge Major Lazer fan.''' ,'''For me, as an artist, I think you have to experiment.''' ,'''Sometimes I like to write the lyrics while I'm on the road, because then you get even more melancholy.''' ,'''It's funny, I really feel like I've learned a lot in my career but I still feel like a child. Like, an 11-year-old? I think it will be like that all my life, actually.''' ,'''In my heart, I want to believe I shouldn't give up anything to become a huge pop star.''' ,'''You don't want political acts to become something you just have to do in order to look good.''' ,'''You get very inspired on tour.''' ,'''I guess after the whole success with 'Lean On' - me being introduced into this more mainstream audience - I was a little scared of being my true self, and being vulnerable and being gritty.''' ,'''Even though I have a huge love for alternative music and punk music, particularly, I have always had the love for pop music inside of me. Therefore actually it felt kind of natural for me to have different projects with different genres.''' ,'''Everything has always been so organic for me; I have no idea what I would be doing if it wasn't for music. Music forever!''' ,'''When I talk to older people, they're like, 'you know what Karen? Life will always offer you new situations where you'll feel totally inexperienced.' But I think that's a good thing because without struggle you don't learn anything, and if you stop learning, you stop living, you know?''' ,'''The hardest thing about being a woman is different for everyone. For me, it's the mirage of 'having it all' somewhere off in the distance. I think in many ways you do have to choose.''' ,'''I'm such a pleaser - I want everyone around me to be happy - so it took a while for me to get to a point where I could say 'no, I need to be happy with everything that I put out.' I want it to be right.''' ,'''Owning flatware makes me feel like a grown-up. That and knowing that flatware is called flatware.''' ,'''I've always wanted to make songs.''' ,'''I think around 2015 and 2016 I ended up in an identity crisis, artistically. I didn't know what direction I was going in. I'm a perfectionist and I want to be truthful to my beliefs, if you know what I mean.''' ,]
+++