+++
author = "Kyle Carpenter"
title = "Kyle Carpenter Quotes"
quotes_len = "64"
description = "the best 64 Kyle Carpenter Quotes"
keywords = "kyle carpenter,kyle carpenter quotes,kyle carpenter quote,kyle carpenter sayings,kyle carpenter saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm very pleased with how far I've come, and I see my injuries and my scars and all my buddies and everybody that was at Walter Reid with me, you know I see it almost as a form of character.''' ,'''There are always fellow Marines who understand and know what you're going through. Be proud, don't be ashamed, and go out there and tackle the second life you've been given.''' ,'''The military is a path of the unknown. I wasn't in denial about the risk.''' ,'''And when things get tough, trust there is a bigger plan and that you will be stronger for it.''' ,'''Work hard at what you do, no matter what it is. Go out there and find your passion and make a difference.''' ,'''It's human nature for everyone to say 'what if,' but I try to snap out of it as quickly as I can because I'm never going to be able to go back and change what has happened.''' ,'''There was always the next therapy appointment, next surgery, next college exam, but with time and deep thought, those evolved into life lessons, which then evolved into perspective.''' ,'''I guess you could say I got right with the man upstairs. I wanted to go to heaven.''' ,'''I was labeled 'P-E-A,' which is patient expired on arrival. I guess that's the politically correct way of saying you didn't make it.''' ,'''I would take any opportunity to tell service members, 'Thank you.'''' ,'''Early on in my recovery, the entire United States seemed to be supportive. Letters flooded in from all over the place, so from the second I woke up in the hospital, I've always had a great team and great people.''' ,'''I always tell people to appreciate the little things in life... Things like driving on a nice day with the windows down, and the fact that you can get a good education or you have a good job.''' ,'''Going from toting a machine gun in Afghanistan... to using a bed pan, and I can't even put my own socks on - that was hard to kind of suck it up.''' ,'''The Bush family truly cares about our military.''' ,'''My body was torn apart by an enemy hand grenade... upon arriving at Camp Bastion, I was labeled P.E.A. - patient expired on arrival. I flat-lined at Walter Reed.''' ,'''Scars can be a good story. I survived and I am proud of them. I didn't want it, obviously. The girls definitely like them.''' ,'''People always assume I was in a motorcycle wreck. My response to them: no, Taliban.''' ,'''I was first and foremost a fellow Gamecock and friend before a Medal of Honor recipient.''' ,'''I am proud of my scars because they show I dedicated myself to a bigger purpose.''' ,'''You have to experience and take defeat in any and all aspects of life so you can be better and stronger.''' ,'''My college experience was like everyone else's. I learned a lot. I gained a new perspective on the world and on people that I'm so thankful and appreciative for.''' ,'''So many of our wounded warriors from today's wars are alive not just because of remarkable advances in technology, but primarily because of the extraordinary dedication and skill of our military and our VA medical professionals.''' ,'''If we don't spend our time on this earth looking out for one another, what are we really doing with our lives?''' ,'''Everyone can relate to struggle.''' ,'''But I think most importantly, we need to realize that not everyone is privileged or born into a good life, stable homes or a home, period.''' ,'''I'm the same person. I got a grenade thrown at me. Situation turned out how it did. Now I'm just trying to do good things.''' ,'''Freedom is a powerful and beautiful thing.''' ,'''I'm still here and kicking and, you know, I have all my limbs so you'll never hear me complain.''' ,'''I've always been energetic, loved life and have always been easily amused by things.''' ,'''I was big into football in college.''' ,'''Running was great for me, but there are so many positive and awesome sports out there that can help you recover.''' ,'''I feel people look up to me.''' ,'''I remember my buddies yelling at me, and it sounded like they were a football field away, and I remember them yelling, 'You're gonna make it, you're gonna make it!' I just kept trying to tell them that I was going to die.''' ,'''Be kind and help others. Let the ones you love know you love them.''' ,'''In the Marine Corps there is no individual effort, we're all a big team.''' ,'''I think for guys who get severely injured and can't move forward, it's because the 'what-ifs' absolutely destroy their recovery.''' ,'''As Marines, it's drilled into us... to take care of fellow Marines.''' ,'''I wanted to set the story straight and really let people know what it's like and what me and my Marines went through.''' ,'''9/11 did not really impact me, but I remember sitting in my 6th grade math class. I remember the teachers just being in a panic and turning on our TVs and I remember the impact in the look of just disbelief and sadness and shock that was on my teacher's face.''' ,'''I want to show people no matter what they go through there's a light at the end of the tunnel.''' ,'''All of this blue on my face is from the gunpowder residue from the grenade. It blasted it into my face and stained the skin.''' ,'''Be thankful for what you have. Appreciate the small and simple things.''' ,'''I am a retired United States Marine Corporal and I started out in 2nd Battalion Night Marines on my deployment and I finished my career in the Marine Corps at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center as a patient.''' ,'''I was injured by an enemy hand grenade in Afghanistan in 2010. I spent three years recovering at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center... And through that three years, I was forced to search for the silver linings during the long dark and painful nights and days in the hospital.''' ,'''What I was really into as a kid, anything that drove my mother crazy or made her nervous, and not much has changed.''' ,'''I ran a marathon, completed a mud run and jumped from a plane.''' ,'''The best time of being a Marine was Afghanistan. There will never be a time when I'm sleeping in the dirt and I haven't showered in four months and I'm with 50 of the people that I'll be the closest with ever.''' ,'''Just because I'm in the spotlight - I'm actually no better than anyone else. Everyone has hard days and tough times.''' ,'''I want my story to help others see what's extraordinary in themselves.''' ,'''I jumped on the grenade that was thrown at myself and my friend. I don't recommend it.''' ,'''I love Instagram. I like taking pictures. I've always been into that ever since cellphones had that capability.''' ,'''The hardest part of my entire three-year recovery has been knowing that my parents, my brothers, were suffering through this burden of injury and recovery, something I volunteered for that they didn't ask for.''' ,'''We have this one body we've been given, so whether you run, kayak, swim, bike, on some basic level, we need to take care of our bodies.''' ,'''I'm totally fine knowing that I gave part of myself to a bigger purpose and a bigger cause, to not only serve my country but try to make a better way of life for other people and much less fortunate people.''' ,'''Scars are a truly beautiful thing. Yes, they can be a little ugly on the outside, but scars show that you're a survivor, that you made it through something, and not only did you make it through, but now you're stronger and wiser and more educated because of that tough time that you went through.''' ,'''The blast blew most of my teeth out, I have screws and plates in my face, I lost the eye.''' ,'''The Taliban are terrible shots. At the end of some long patrols, we'd be walking through the fields and get shot at - and we'd just keep walking.''' ,'''As the president put the Medal of Honor around my neck, I felt the history and the weight of a nation.''' ,'''As far as me being inspirational to other combat-wounded guys, I would say that it's the opposite. To see guys at Walter Reed that I recovered with every day and they were missing every single one of their limbs - that is what I would say is inspiring.''' ,'''I graduated from college December of 2017 and looking ahead and thinking about potentially starting a book, I just kept getting hung up before even starting because I didn't want to write a book that only people that have served in the military or that have been to combat could understand.''' ,'''I wasn't gonna make it. I had come to terms that I was gonna die, and I was very sure of that.''' ,'''There were a lot of hard times, and having to have a team of people help me out of the bed, having to use a bedpan is a really tough thing to swallow. But looking back, I'm proud of my scars and what myself and my Marines went through in Marjah.''' ,'''I have two younger brothers. They are twins and their names are Bryce and Payton.''' ,'''Obviously, the line of miracles that got me to where I am is incredible.''' ,]
+++