+++
author = "Lavar Ball"
title = "Lavar Ball Quotes"
quotes_len = "74"
description = "the best 74 Lavar Ball Quotes"
keywords = "lavar ball,lavar ball quotes,lavar ball quote,lavar ball sayings,lavar ball saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To get my boys a little $100,000 car, that's nothing.''' ,'''I don't regret anything I say... Never.''' ,'''I don't want no distractions on Melo. So therefore I'm going to home-school him and make him the best basketball player ever.''' ,'''You don't coach a Magic Johnson, you don't coach a LeBron, you don't coach really a Lonzo. They understand the game, they smart, they understand.''' ,'''I was 270 lbs with a 48-inch vertical, benching 500 pounds, running a 4.5, 4.6.''' ,'''Can't nobody quiet me up.''' ,'''My legacy is always going to be fine.''' ,'''My title is LaVar Ball, the big baller, the CEO of the Big Baller Brand.''' ,'''Lonzo makes everybody better, that's what he's always done all his life.''' ,'''I really don't have a relationship with LeBron. I like it. He ain't done nothing bad to me, I ain't done nothing bad to him. So, as long as we good, we'll be all right.''' ,'''I don't need no advice from Kobe Bryant.''' ,'''I've always been famous. It's just who you famous to.''' ,'''I think if all three of my boys get on the Lakers somehow, they would change the NBA.''' ,'''She's the one. Just so smooth. She's not like other girls. She's tough, smart, pretty. I told my wife, 'I been with you so long, you can have one eye drooped and your mouth over here like this and you're still beautiful to me. I look at you the same way. That ain't gonna never change.'''' ,'''How would I coach LeBron and Lonzo? Guess what, less coaching is the best coaching. Let them do what they do.''' ,'''I'm going to say whatever I want to say, however I want to say it.''' ,'''I know my boys better than they do.''' ,'''You can be a big baller at whatever you do.''' ,'''I'm not gonna say nobody's better than my son.''' ,'''You have people that make suggestions you got people that do things.''' ,'''If you got a kid that makes everybody better, you mean to tell me you wouldn't take him over a guy that's averaging 40 points but the team's losing?''' ,'''Even if you don't want to hear me, you're going to hear me.''' ,'''We get three of the Ball boys on the Lakers together, and we gonna go championship, championship, championship, championship, championship.''' ,'''Realistically you can't win no championship with three white guys because the foot speed is too slow.''' ,'''I don't even tweet.''' ,'''I don't want this to sound racist, but most Orientals are nonconfrontational. They'll let things slide. I'm not like that.''' ,'''If you look at my boys, the one thing they do do is win.''' ,'''My boys don't lose too much.''' ,'''Just because people say things, they're supposed to be true?''' ,'''I'm a globally loud person.''' ,'''Look at Steve Kerr - he's the Milli Vanilli of coaching.''' ,'''Our family stick together.''' ,'''I'm from L.A. I've seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses.''' ,'''I'm not one of those people that's to myself and just quiet. I've never been like that, man. I've always been kind of loud. I'm out there, man. I do my thing, but I don't do it disrespectful. But when people rub me the wrong way, I rub people the wrong way. But I say what I say and I mean what I say.''' ,'''LeBron is not a fool.''' ,'''To make me cry you've got to hit me with a 2-by-4.''' ,'''Luke Walton was the worst coach ever for Lonzo 'cause he had a losing mentality.''' ,'''All my boys are gonna be one-and-done.''' ,'''Don't be scared of me because you can't get around like I get around. You gotta have a blue book to follow me. I'm just not local.''' ,'''Once you get into a real good situation, where somebody really believes in you, that's what you can take off to a whole other level.''' ,'''Eighty dollars for a T-shirt - that's how you know the brand is good.''' ,'''I told my boys that one of them wasn't going to make it. Because if you've got three, only one, maybe two make it to the NBA.''' ,'''If you want something, and you want it, you shouldn't just go and steal it.''' ,'''Who's gonna want to wear a loser's shoe? I know I wouldn't.''' ,'''If I want to do something, I'm gonna go ahead and do it.''' ,'''You gotta use cuss words when you don't have no intellect.''' ,'''Afraid of LeBron? I ain't afraid of Jesus!''' ,'''When you're a snake charmer, you're gonna get bit.''' ,'''If you get Lonzo you know what you get. If you let him do what he does, I guarantee he wins.''' ,'''You may not like me. You may think I'm cocky or arrogant. But you will be thinking about me.''' ,'''In Hollywood, anything's possible.''' ,'''If a coach gets behind Lonzo and has confidence in him, I'm cool. 'Cause that's when he's very successful. He's been successful in AAU, high school and college.''' ,'''Ain't nobody going to stop me from doing what I'm doing.''' ,'''I'm a trainer. That's my passion. It ain't basketball. My boys, their passion is balling.''' ,'''I raised my boys good.''' ,'''If you don't cop the ZO2s, you're not a baller.''' ,'''Don't worry about what I'm doing. I take care of mine.''' ,'''I been in Russia, Germany, Denmark, Switzerland, London. I'm all over the place being loud.''' ,'''Being undefeated, Gelo and Melo winning 60 games in a row, my boys don't lose too much.''' ,'''Parenting is different for everybody.''' ,'''I don't care if all girls ref - if they're good refs.''' ,'''I ain't no Kardashain, I ain't Kris Jenner. We the Balls, welcome to the Ball era.''' ,'''Anybody can be a coach.''' ,'''My boys' goals are to be in the NBA, regardless of what team.''' ,'''I ain't stepping back to nothing... I don't step back.''' ,'''I told my boys this: Somebody gotta be better than Michael Jordan. Why not you?''' ,'''LeBron James without Lonzo is not gonna win a championship in L.A. I guarantee that.''' ,'''I say get all three of my boys and you have a championship... the chemistry is the best ever between the brothers.''' ,'''I'm not diplomatic.''' ,'''Things are gonna happen in life. Either you are gonna help do something about it or you just gonna let it happen and destroy you.''' ,'''If you don't have the coach, you're out of luck. So you can get as many players as you want, if you don't have a system or you don't understand what you're getting ready to do, you're not going to win.''' ,'''Not everyone wants to go to school. Some guys might be blessed with being 6'10 and running and jumping better than anybody, so they want to be a professional athlete. There's nothing wrong with that.''' ,'''My boys are Balls - they expect to win.''' ,'''Coaching is not hard.''' ,]
+++