+++
author = "Ayman Odeh"
title = "Ayman Odeh Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Ayman Odeh Quotes"
keywords = "ayman odeh,ayman odeh quotes,ayman odeh quote,ayman odeh sayings,ayman odeh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A man who dies, no matter how terrible his crime was, must be brought to burial.''' ,'''Netanyahu personally is leading the campaign against the Arabs.''' ,'''I remember, I used to get off a bus, and if there was someone sitting in the station, I remember thinking maybe they were from Shin Bet and came for me.''' ,'''Israel cannot be a democracy if it occupies land of other people.''' ,'''The Knesset members - Jews and Arabs - don't represent the state of Israel. The government is the one that represents the state of Israel officially.''' ,'''Israel made peace with Egypt, the largest Arab State. There are militant Islamists there, but there is also law. There are agreements and also defense arrangements there.''' ,'''There can't be real peace without improving the integration of Arab society and making it part of the political game.''' ,'''My biggest goal became to bring the weight of and the voice of the Arabs into the Israeli political sphere.''' ,'''My goal is that Jews feel safe in their country.''' ,'''I have no doubt that the Palestinian Arab leadership made a mistake when it did not accept the partition plan in 1947, but I want to try to understand it.''' ,'''If Jews don't come to Nazareth, Arabs don't go to Afula. There is fear on both sides.''' ,'''When I began my political career, I identified with Malcolm X.''' ,'''A popular intifada is most beneficial for the Palestinians.''' ,'''The U.S. is friends with dictatorial regimes, then invades places like Iraq and Afghanistan, and what happens afterwards is a catastrophe. In the place of their leaders, fundamentalist movements that use the name of Islam spring up, and all that's left is terror and bloodshed.''' ,'''We in the Joint List are living proof that Arabs and Jews refuse to be enemies.''' ,'''Arabs don't have to be the victims of the Jewish war between Lieberman and Netanyahu.''' ,'''The al-Aqsa compound is occupied territory that, as per the status quo, is administered by the King of Jordan and the Muslim Waqf.''' ,'''Incitement and anti-Arab hatred increased significantly during the Gaza conflict.''' ,'''Maybe for you in America, Dr. King has become boring because you hear about him so much. But for me, he is the man who has most inspired me.''' ,'''I can argue like a Marxist about whether there was a global Jewish nation 200 years ago or whether it was just a religion. But this really doesn't matter.''' ,'''I agree with myself on 80 percent of things, but when I look at myself in the mirror in the morning, I still have inner debates about the right thing to do.''' ,'''In reality, civil rights are more important than national rights. They're the content, the day-to-day: work, life. But people are sensitive to national rights.''' ,'''The Palestinian people choose how to fight against the occupation.''' ,'''Martin Luther King fought for blacks, and democratic whites were with him.''' ,'''Every nation has a flag.''' ,'''Just as Jews in the U.S. joined Martin Luther King, I'm sure hundreds of thousands of Jews will join the struggle for civil equality in Israel.''' ,'''If you believe you're a nation, then I accept you as a nation.''' ,'''I do not put red lines on the Arab Palestinian nation.''' ,'''I don't accept the Zionist idea.''' ,'''I am an elected official; I was not elected by the Right.''' ,'''Occupation is the Palestinian people's tragedy, but also Israel's present. We must liberate both people from the occupation.''' ,'''Al-Aksa is a religious and national symbol.''' ,'''If America would really stand behind the two-state solution, they could make real pressure on Israel.''' ,'''I have a lot of warm feelings towards the Palestinian people.''' ,'''According to Netanyahu, he should rule like a Caesar, and the Knesset should be run by the tyranny of the majority.''' ,'''I flee from symbols. I think those who don't want to solve problems go to the symbols. I'm looking for content.''' ,'''The struggle for equality is really a struggle for democracy, and that's why it's a struggle for all the population.''' ,'''I am very wanted in my homeland. I am part of the scenery, part of the region. I resemble it.''' ,'''The Arab population does not want to turn inward and be isolated.''' ,'''My people are from Haifa.''' ,'''Where there is law, and where there is government, there is security.''' ,'''No one is speaking about the Arab citizens of Israel.''' ,'''Our beautiful homeland is enough for us, Arabs and Jews. If we turn her into a battlefield, she will spit us out.''' ,'''Eventually, I moved from a place of anger toward the Jews of Israel toward a place of embrace.''' ,'''Abu Mazen has no more hope for Netanyahu's approach. He's searching for a way to establish the Palestinian state. He doesn't want a militarized struggle with Israel.''' ,'''I am not some intellectual hoping to be understood a century from now. I'm a political leader. I have to stand in front of my community. If I am a metre too far out in front of the people, I'll lose them.''' ,'''Only the public that elected me can dismiss me.''' ,'''The Right everywhere in the world gains more by forming a security agenda while the Left gains from a social agenda.''' ,'''When I read Malcolm X, I didn't agree with it all, but I inhaled it; I connected to his rage.''' ,'''Attacking innocent people is always obscene.''' ,'''I was a member of the Haifa City Council when I was 23 years old, which made me the youngest city councilman in Israel.''' ,'''I come from a place of loving people - all human people.''' ,'''An Arab who works and pays taxes is good for everyone. An Arab who doesn't work and receives social security stipends is bad for everyone.''' ,'''I believe that the U.S. is the strongest country in the whole world and the country that supports Israel the most. I believe that it has the strength to push Israel towards peace.''' ,]
+++