+++
author = "Eli Broad"
title = "Eli Broad Quotes"
quotes_len = "78"
description = "the best 78 Eli Broad Quotes"
keywords = "eli broad,eli broad quotes,eli broad quote,eli broad sayings,eli broad saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A lot of executives act like their time is worth more than anyone else's. But I always respect an employee who guards his or her time, even from me.''' ,'''I think over any period of time, especially if you don't use leverage, it is difficult to continually beat the S&P 500.''' ,'''Collecting is more than just buying objects.''' ,'''A real collector does not sell.''' ,'''Most museums - with all their burdens to pay for exhibitions, administration, and security - really don't have any money really to acquire art, with few exceptions.''' ,'''I believe in the democratization of the arts. What do I mean by that? I think museums, with some exceptions, have a responsibility to educate a much broader public.''' ,'''Civilizations are not remembered by their business people, their bankers or lawyers. They're remembered by the arts.''' ,'''Someone once told me I'm a sore winner, and they're right. I rarely take more than a moment to enjoy a success before I'm moving on and looking for the next challenge.''' ,'''I've never been one who enjoys maintaining the status quo. I'm always pushing for new ideas, whether it's in business or philanthropy.''' ,'''I have always believed that every great city in history needs a vibrant center.''' ,'''Los Angeles is such a great meritocracy. Where can someone with my background - don't have the right family background, the right religion, the right provenance or whatever you want to call it - I come here and I'm accepted. The city's been good to me. And I want to give back.''' ,'''It's hard to explain your emotions when you see a work of art.''' ,'''I don't see myself as a great discoverer of artists, like Charles Saatchi.''' ,'''How absurd that our students tuck their cell phones, BlackBerrys, iPads, and iPods into their backpacks when they enter a classroom and pull out a tattered textbook.''' ,'''The biggest barrier we've seen to student progress is this: School policies and practices often prevent good teachers from doing great work and even dissuade some talented Americans from entering the profession. This needs to change.''' ,'''Los Angeles is one of the four cultural capitals of the world, but we don't attract as many cultural tourists as New York, London or Paris. I want to change that.''' ,'''People think it's strange how briskly I move through museums. Sure, I could stand in front of each piece and stare at it for a good long time. But that's not me.''' ,'''Charity is just writing checks and not being engaged. Philanthropy, to me, is being engaged, not only with your resources but getting people and yourself really involved and doing things that haven't been done before.''' ,'''Twombly, frankly, was an acquired taste. I was not in love with Twombly the first time I saw one of his paintings.''' ,'''Being a Midwesterner, I know that many of the middle-class manufacturing jobs that had been at the heart of our economy are either gone or going, and they're not coming back.''' ,'''To me, unconventional thinking is approaching a problem and asking, 'Why not? Why can't something be done?' If someone can't give me a good reason why you can't do something, I find a way to do it.''' ,'''My wife was the first art collector in the family, and I didn't become interested until around 1973. The first important artwork we bought was a Van Gogh drawing of two peasant houses in Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer.''' ,'''Museums do not share their collections with other museums unless they get something in exchange. The Metropolitan will deal with the Louvre, but will they send their stuff to Memphis? No.''' ,'''In America, what you've accomplished financially is a measurement, whether you like it or not.''' ,'''I could live anywhere in the world I want. But Los Angeles is the place to live.''' ,'''The best move you can make in negotiation is to think of an incentive the other person hasn't even thought of - and then meet it.''' ,'''If people want to criticize me because it sells papers, that's fine. I just don't like it when it's inaccurate.''' ,'''School boards are, for the most part,made up of political wannabes who see a board seat as a stepping stone for political office, or well-meaning parents who represent an ethnic group or geography, or have some other narrow interests. Few people on them understand what governance is about.''' ,'''The first thing I started collecting was stamps. Until I started discovering girls. That was the end of stamps.''' ,'''Artists rarely do the same thing over and over again. Art is about the new, doing things in a new way.''' ,'''If you have poor management that's not doing the right job, you end up with unions filling the void and... page after page of work rules and thicker and thicker contracts.''' ,'''I'd rather be respected than loved.''' ,'''I am old enough to remember when America's K-12 public schools were the best in the world. I am a proud graduate of them, and I credit much of my success to what I learned in Detroit Public Schools and at Michigan State University.''' ,'''Frankly, I'm not sure how far I would get if I attended public school today. It's not just that public schools aren't producing the results we want - it's that we're not giving them what they need to help students achieve at high levels. K-12 education in the United States is deeply antiquated.''' ,'''I can't think of another enterprise other than being a homeowner that can't have its debt restructured in bankruptcy. Corporations can but a homeowner can't? Now with securitization the homeowner can't go to the owner of the loan and work things out.''' ,'''Without a doubt, stem cell research will lead to the dramatic improvement in the human condition and will benefit millions of people.''' ,'''For businesses to be successful, they need to constantly ask the question: 'How can we provide value to our customers?' At the end of the day, that is what matters.''' ,'''I think the opera is one of the great cultural jewels of Los Angeles.''' ,'''Art evokes emotion. It doesn't have to be a thing of beauty.''' ,'''In high school, I would drive my teachers batty. They would make a statement, and I would say, 'Why is that?' They didn't want to be questioned.''' ,'''The American people frankly have been, over many, many years - to be blunt - fat, dumb and happy. If they want their children to compete with children in India, China or Korea, they better get them a far better education.''' ,'''What artists think about the world is often different from how we businessmen see it, and I find that an enriching experience.''' ,'''I believe in two things: One, Andrew Carnegie said, 'He who dies with wealth dies in shame.' And someone once said, 'He who gives while he lives also knows where it goes.'''' ,'''My family and I have been blessed with good fortune in the world of business. We've created quite a net worth. My children, two boys, have more money than they will ever need, and they aren't empire builders.''' ,'''Any city in America would like to get a museum built if they didn't have to pay for it.''' ,'''I don't think it makes any sense for an individual to invest in common stocks unless they know the company, work at the company, and so on.''' ,'''People don't know I've got a deep social conscience. I'm a child of the Depression, born in 1933. My parents were very liberal in their social views.''' ,'''Unfortunately, the boards of art institutions tend to be populated with well-meaning supporters of the arts who often lack any business background or appetite for imposing appropriate discipline.''' ,'''I'm strong-willed. Architects are strong-willed. You get the best results with a strong client and a strong architect working together.''' ,'''You can have great teachers, but if you don't have a good principal, you won't have a good school.''' ,'''As the son of a union activist and a lifelong Democrat, I've always thought that privatizing our public schools is not the answer. We must strengthen public schools.''' ,'''You don't support politicians in their elections if whoever's seeking money only has a goal to stay in office or get in office. You have to pick the people who are going to do the best job.''' ,'''I don't like to spend time in endless meetings talking about stuff that isn't going to get anything done. I have meetings, but they're short, prompt and to the point.''' ,'''There were periods when the art market got overheated, but there is no reason it should appreciate dramatically.''' ,'''Time is the most valuable thing you have - and I'm not just talking about the minutes for which you're paid.''' ,'''You always learn lessons in business.''' ,'''Oprah Winfrey's global influence is unparalleled. Not only has her generosity and firm belief that education is the key to a better life benefited countless women and children around the world, but her example has also inspired millions of people to give back in ways big and small.''' ,'''The happiest people I've found are in science. These people have three times the IQ - maybe I'm exaggerating. They have a higher IQ than I do. They love what they're doing, they have a good family life, they're satisfied.''' ,'''Anything I do, I spend a lot of time. I do it with passion and intensity. I want to be in charge.''' ,'''The unions no longer control the education agenda of the Democratic Party.''' ,'''Every artist is unreasonable, because he or she is doing something that hasn't been done before.''' ,'''I don't want to be in the film business. I'm not even sure it's a business.''' ,'''I never play golf because it takes too long, and the business connections it produces can be made just as easily over an early breakfast.''' ,'''If you ask why I do what I do - I want to make a difference. I don't just want to maintain the status quo. I want to help people, to work with institutions or create ones when they don't exist.''' ,'''Managers are responsible for setting workplace policies under which teachers can succeed. Managers are responsible for negotiating contracts that create the conditions under which teachers can succeed.''' ,'''People would rather have art or gold instead of paper money.''' ,'''I believe that a newspaper is a great civic asset and that ownership is best in the hands of foundations or wealthy families that want to own it for reasons other than maximizing profits. I also believe newspapers should remain in local hands.''' ,'''I've become convinced that Los Angeles is going to become the next contemporary art capital - no other city has more contemporary gallery space than Los Angeles. We've come into our own, finally.''' ,'''School district policies and practices have not kept pace with student and teacher needs.''' ,'''I've got a big ego, I admit it; I'm ego-driven.''' ,'''I never stay anywhere - parties, museums, meetings - longer than three hours.''' ,'''It's critical that states improve how teachers are trained, recruited, evaluated, compensated, advanced, and retained.''' ,'''I'm naturally curious, and I read four newspapers a day.''' ,'''Teach For America provides one of the most critical pipelines for bringing new talent into public education.''' ,'''The inability to delegate is one of the biggest problems I see with managers at all levels.''' ,'''I'd be bored to death if I spent all my time with other businesspeople, bankers and lawyers.''' ,'''The first dream I had was just to get a college education. I got through college in three years, taking extra classes in summer school.''' ,'''Philanthropy is activism.''' ,]
+++