+++
author = "Sasheer Zamata"
title = "Sasheer Zamata Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Sasheer Zamata Quotes"
keywords = "sasheer zamata,sasheer zamata quotes,sasheer zamata quote,sasheer zamata sayings,sasheer zamata saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's so wonderful that women continue to break down barriers and change societal expectations, but women still suffer discrimination for their gender, class, and race.''' ,'''I was late to the game on D.R.A.M.; I knew of 'Cha Cha,' but then I saw his Tiny Desk Concert, and I was hooked. I love how happy he is.''' ,'''If you're a stranger, and you've never met me before, I'll probably be more reserved and quiet. If you're my friend, you probably see the same stuff that you see me do onstage.''' ,'''I wasn't picked for the improv group in college - not because I wasn't good, but because I was told I didn't fit the group, didn't gel with their dynamic.''' ,'''My favorite Kanye album is 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.'''' ,'''There's definitely ways to get your anger out and not have to yell and kick and scream and fight people. That's not my jam. That's never how I've been.''' ,'''There's such a rich history in 'SNL' of political humor, and I think audience members expect that from us.''' ,'''UCB has been compared to a cult and a pyramid scheme, and it's all that stuff.''' ,'''I'm no longer in my 20s, and I think, by default, the rose-colored glasses are off.''' ,'''I was actually going to work at Tokyo Disney. I thought, 'I'll work in the family!' That was my postgraduate plan. I didn't really have any plans lined up, but I was going to audition for this big band jazz show that was at Tokyo Disney. I think the concert was, like, for a year or something, and I thought, 'Yeah, that's what I'll do!'''' ,'''When I moved to New York, I didn't know how much improv and comedy would play into my life. I thought I was going to do theater and Broadway and stuff.''' ,'''I am honored to continue the fight for equal economic opportunities, the right to choose, and an end to gender-based violence by serving as an ACLU Celebrity Ambassador.''' ,'''I just love movies where they blow stuff up, in your face, and it's so excited and cool.''' ,'''I want to be in a Marvel movie. I want to be a superhero.''' ,'''I'm really impressed every time Kanye comes to perform at 'SNL' because he finds a new way to make that space work for him.''' ,'''Our work should be a reflection of society, and if you're not concerned with including all of society, then I don't really know what you're doing making art in the first place.''' ,'''My personality is definitely calm and chill.''' ,'''I do think that people have a desire to talk about issues they may have wanted to avoid before.''' ,'''I would love to be a villain.''' ,'''I just followed the fun. I just followed the things I was really interested in, and it turned out to be what I needed to do.''' ,'''I've always been talking about race in some sort of capacity.''' ,'''I want to have an empire. I want to make my own stuff.''' ,'''I feel so lucky and so privileged that I like writing for myself. Like, I don't have to wait for somebody to create a part for me or a project for me. I can just do it. And that's so great.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Donald Glover in general.''' ,'''I eventually moved to New York with just a couple unpaid internships. Meeting people and going to go the Upright Citizens Brigade, I was able to get a lot of connections, find some odd jobs, and be taken more seriously.''' ,]
+++