+++
author = "Conchata Ferrell"
title = "Conchata Ferrell Quotes"
quotes_len = "53"
description = "the best 53 Conchata Ferrell Quotes"
keywords = "conchata ferrell,conchata ferrell quotes,conchata ferrell quote,conchata ferrell sayings,conchata ferrell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My father wanted me to go into politics but I ended up on television.''' ,'''Certainly Roseanne Barr has power, but it seems like it's more acceptable to be heavy if you're lower middle class and blue collar.''' ,'''The best story about Berta is my audition. I think they wanted her to be the ethnic character. They asked me to come with an Eastern European accent.''' ,'''I've always had the laugh. It just happens. It used to embarrass my parents.''' ,'''Losers don't always know that they are losers.''' ,'''It's OK to say I'm fat.''' ,'''Susan Bloom is a combination of the super agent and the super lawyer.''' ,'''I wasn't a Deadhead, and I didn't follow a band around, but I definitely was an old hippie.''' ,'''It's a tradition in our family that the girls all be given crazy names, usually picked out of Gothic novels.''' ,'''There are a lot of fat women on TV. I know. I've made my living playing them.''' ,'''In 20 years in the business I'd never done a love scene.''' ,'''There's nothing so interesting as a steam roller that's about to be derailed.''' ,'''Fat women are the last minority. I think it's the shape of our culture. What is to be admired is girls with the bodies of 14-year-old boys.''' ,'''I've been overweight since puberty, so acting was never a dream.''' ,'''But I really have no desire to get thin; 175 is my normal weight.''' ,'''My family was disappointed when I named my child Samantha, but they named one of my cousins Rapunzel, and I just felt that was going too far.''' ,'''I grew up in Appalachia, and I've seen people milk cows and slaughter pigs and plow with a big-footed horse. It's not like I was a city child.''' ,'''That explains how I got the name Conchata. It was the name of an Apache squaw in the book mother was reading.''' ,'''I loved Susan Bloom from the moment I heard about her. I admire her chutzpah.''' ,'''No actor is worth $3 million, not even Marlon. It puts too many other actors out of work.''' ,'''I've never missed a single Christmas with my parents.''' ,'''There are a couple of things I would have liked to have done, but the producer or director couldn't stretch the concept to allow for my size. Whenever that happens, I just say, 'Deal with it, and try to get the weight off, and get on with your life.'''' ,'''I went around to see the shows in New York, ending up at the Circle Company one night. I fell in love with the people and started hanging around. It was a family. I liked the way they talked and the quality of work. I learned everything there.''' ,'''Nobody from Cane Fork ever got on television before.''' ,'''I feel like the reason I've survived in this business is because I love acting.''' ,'''I worry about whether people like me.''' ,'''I was a hippie. I dropped in and out of everything. Then I found acting. It really grounded me.''' ,'''I don't trip all over my ego. I don't mind being a second banana.''' ,'''I've been very lucky and fortunate to make my living doing the thing I love.''' ,'''I've even done a few student films over the years, because I believe in giving something back.''' ,'''My only apology for my weight right now is maybe it's not too healthy.''' ,'''April was my first major role and provided me with my Equity card.''' ,'''I had wanted to become an actress, but in Cane Fork where I come, from being an actress meant the movies and Kim Novak. So I didn't try.''' ,'''We've never seen a really fashionable, smart, powerful fat woman on TV before.''' ,'''I was a political hippie.''' ,'''I love playing women who have the nerve to do things that I don't have the nerve to do, and Berta is certainly one of those.''' ,'''My mama's name is Mescal.''' ,'''No diet but plan weight-watching works for me. I'm a voracious eater, that's all.''' ,'''I'm a person who's meant to be heavy, but I need to take off 50 pounds. Blood pressure. I'm gonna try Weight Watchers.''' ,'''I love acting better than anything, and I do it better than anything else I do.''' ,'''Barbra Streisand did us all a great service when she didn't get her nose fixed.''' ,'''I'm a really good supporting player.''' ,'''I used to be asked in interviews what I see for myself 10 or 15 years down the line, and I would say that I see wonderful and interesting things to do.''' ,'''I did sketches and had the best time of my life because people were laughing. I was not self-conscious, because they laughed when I wanted them to.''' ,'''I got into acting because nothing else worked. I have done literally everything. I have sold magazines door-to-door. I've worked on an assembly line in a factory, a restaurant, the desk at a hotel. I've worked in statistical typing, taught school. You name it, I tried it, and nothing worked.''' ,'''When you're carrying weight, you have more power. People certainly don't look at you as a bimbo.''' ,'''A couple of times I've gotten really angry because I was fat.''' ,'''Do you know how many overweight women there are in America? There are a lot. And seeing people like me on the tube makes them feel good.''' ,'''In some parts of Appalachia, actors and acting are still not considered quite decent.''' ,'''I'm overweight and over 40. I usually play nurses and prison guards.''' ,'''I'm a compulsive overeater. It's something I need help to work on.''' ,'''Some people saw Bobby Kennedy as ruthless. I'm sure he did not see himself as ruthless.''' ,'''I was with Lanford Wilson in Philadelphia watching a play of his when the call came from Hollywood. 'Norman Lear wants to do 'Baltimore' on television,' Lanford said. 'What do you think?'''' ,]
+++