+++
author = "Michael Dapaah"
title = "Michael Dapaah Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Michael Dapaah Quotes"
keywords = "michael dapaah,michael dapaah quotes,michael dapaah quote,michael dapaah sayings,michael dapaah saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't like blood - I was trying to study to be a doctor, but I don't like blood.''' ,'''I've always produced content that is PG - free from profanities and swearing - because I know I have a bunch of young kids who watch it. I meet mums all the time, and they're always very grateful because they know their child is watching and I'm not going to be influencing them negatively. Big up the mums, man.''' ,'''People just want to have a bit of fun, something uplifting, funny, that's got a melody to it. That's what we try to do.''' ,'''If I go back to when Borat and Ali G. were doing it, they were more just TV, cinema, TV, cinema. Whereas I live in more of the Internet age where people like to feel like they can still touch you, and so it's important for me not to almost box myself off.''' ,'''Big Shaq stems from my YouTube series 'Somewhere in London.' I just wanted to create something that was multi-character and multi-dimensional.''' ,'''I'm very observational in my comedy and what I create with the characters that I'm blessed to play. I don't believe comedy needs to be offensive, and I don't believe it needs to be a mockery of anything.''' ,'''I'm a creative comedic entertainer who enjoys bringing good content to the world. I'm not Big Shaq - Shaq is his own person.''' ,'''It doesn't matter where I am, what I do, whether I'm in the sauna, whether I'm on the beach, whether I'm with my girl at the spa - man's never hot. It's that simple.''' ,'''Man can be in Sahara desert - but I'm still going to wear the jacket.''' ,'''Make sure that when you're going out, you wear socks, because I've been seeing some people coming out with no socks and that. You know, your toes looking like Cheetos. We don't need all of that.''' ,'''I never, ever thought Jeremy Corbyn would be quoting me!''' ,'''I'm a multifaceted entertainer.''' ,''''The Fire in The Booth' exposed me to a wider audience. I had hundreds of thousands of followers, loyal followers before that, that's been following me on the journey.''' ,'''You always want to make sure that your work can touch as many people as possible. Whether it's young guys, young girls, you never know where it's going.''' ,'''Drake, that's my brother right there. Big Drizzy. That's my guy there - he shows me a lot of love.''' ,'''The supporters choose what they like, and they chose that they like Big Shaq 'Mans Not Hot.'''' ,'''I had to overcome barriers of fear, inconsistency, believing in myself as an individual, and believing in the gift and believing that this could actually happen, and this is actually what I'm supposed to do.''' ,'''I'm appreciative that young males can look up to myself.''' ,'''The rap community know that I'm doing very well. They're embracing me... They like the flavour.''' ,'''I don't get star struck by anyone. Everyone is a human being.''' ,'''In all my content I don't really swear or use profanity, because I believe comedy can just be pure.''' ,'''My faith has always supported me in my ventures, so boom.''' ,'''Noel Gallagher - he's a legend.''' ,'''I was like the funny guy in sixth form. When we used to do showcases, I'd host them, and I would do, like, little comedy segments.''' ,'''When I'm playing any of my characters, I totally go into the realm of the character. That's when I'm able to come up with the most creative stuff, and I believe that's what connects with the audience.''' ,]
+++