+++
author = "Ella Eyre"
title = "Ella Eyre Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Ella Eyre Quotes"
keywords = "ella eyre,ella eyre quotes,ella eyre quote,ella eyre sayings,ella eyre saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I use writing as a counselling session - recently I've written a song for Paloma Faith, so after being a singer, I'm happy to keep writing for other people.''' ,'''I found out that I'd broken up with someone when I wasn't even aware I was going out with them!''' ,'''My mum's a bouncy, energetic, driven, crazy woman, and my dad's very relaxed, doesn't say much. I have the best of both worlds in my personality.''' ,'''I take up my make-up with Garnier's Micellar and then exfoliate with a Kiehl's exfoliating cream.''' ,'''There's a lot less time in the day when you're in a relationship.''' ,'''My background was always more soulful pop. I was named after Ella Fitzgerald, and when I was a kid, I was listening to Lauryn Hill, Etta James, Joss Stone. For me, it was always about the voice.''' ,'''I love fierce performers.''' ,'''On a normal day, I crawl out of bed before 8 A.M., have a protein shake, chuck my gym kit on, and go for a class or personal-training session. When I'm back, I'll have poached eggs with salmon or spinach for breakfast before my stylists arrive to do my hair - which takes ages. I then go wherever I am needed.''' ,'''I always have Giorgio Armani's Luminous Silk Foundation, Bobbi Brown's Jenna lipstick, and my Estee Lauder Double Wear Concealer.''' ,'''I learned a lot from Rudimental's live set. It's all about good feelings, good vibes and a good time, and that's what I want from my shows. I like big, bolshy performances, like Beyonce. I can't dance like her, though.''' ,'''It's so nice to be inspired by so many females - particularly the girls around me like Jess Glynne, Becky Hill, Sinead Harnett, Foxes - we all have similarities, but we're all very different, and I think it's nice that people are respecting that and noticing and enjoying us all equally.''' ,'''People are always looking for something new and something to latch on to and to back something from an early stage.''' ,'''I like Aveda shampoo. I've used it since I was a swimmer.''' ,'''I've always had loads of teddy bears.''' ,'''My mum is very driven and has always kept me busy... She used to say to me, 'Nobody likes a teenager. So use your teenage years to work. Then enjoy your life when you're slightly older.'''' ,'''I find my vocabulary is quite a lot better when I'm hungover. I feel like I unlock a key of words that I don't usually use in day-to-day life.''' ,'''My mum told me that grown-ups don't like teenagers, which is the last thing you want to hear when you are one yourself!''' ,'''I'd never been on tour until I met the Rudimental boys. Never done a live show in front of an audience.''' ,'''It's a small world. No matter what the circumstances, be nice to everyone, as you never know who you're going to see again.''' ,'''I'm actually quite good at being friends with my exes. I'm friends with almost everyone. In fact, everyone! So I let them burn to a certain degree, and then I put out the fire for a while.''' ,'''I went to boarding school in Somerset and loved it so much that my teachers had to make me phone home when I first got there. Whenever I spoke to my mum, at the end of the call I would say, 'Love you, Mum', and she would say, 'Love you the most.'''' ,'''I think for us up-and-coming artists, once you're out there, once you've put stuff up, once people know who you are, once you discover who you are, we're all in the same boat: it's down to whether people appreciate the music or not.''' ,'''I don't wash my hair very often. Once a week if I can. Because the more you wash it, you end up stripping out the natural oils. What I like to do is just rinse out the products that I've used during the week and then put leave-in conditioner in and let it dry naturally.''' ,'''I don't see life without a musical career. I really enjoy doing what I do.''' ,'''I wake up every morning, and life is different. I've got a gig or a shoot. Flying here, flying there. Meeting wicked people. Going to amazing places. I'm relishing it.''' ,'''I was a competitive swimmer as a teenager, only stopping when I got persistent ear infections. Every day was a 6 A.M. start to swim before lessons, then choir or dance classes after.''' ,'''My hairstylist uses the Bumble & Bumble hairspray, which is the best smelling hairspray there is!''' ,'''I love sushi. Once on Valentine's Day, someone I was dating rocked up at the airport to pick me up with a bag of salmon because I love it so much.''' ,'''Always keep wiping your face with towels when you work out because I find that the more I exercise, that's when I have my breakouts. You've got to keep the sweat off because the pores are open when you're hot and can get clogged.''' ,]
+++