+++
author = "Dave Morin"
title = "Dave Morin Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Dave Morin Quotes"
keywords = "dave morin,dave morin quotes,dave morin quote,dave morin sayings,dave morin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People love having a home. People love going to their house and sleeping in their bedroom and having a conversation around the dinner table. You don't particularly think of that conversation as a private conversation; you just think of it as something that happened in your home.''' ,'''When you set out to create a new product, you usually do not start by trying to think of something completely new. You think of a product or concept that is already 'normal' to the world and then try to make it better. You make it Super Normal.''' ,'''Any time you build a network, you have to help users find their friends.''' ,'''As creators, we feel constant demand for innovation from the world. This puts immense pressure on the creative process and oftentimes can have a dampening effect.''' ,'''Frankly, the hardest pieces of feedback we got in the U.S. was, 'I would love if more of our friends were on Path. It's hard to get them to join.'''' ,'''We don't want to connect you with just anyone on Path. Without the contact list information, some of these features just don't work.''' ,'''In mobile, people really love having single-use case experiences. They want low friction to getting to the application's use case.''' ,'''In social, you have to innovate in information. If you have the same thing as everyone else, you're just not interesting.''' ,'''Path does not spam users. Invites on Path are never sent without a user's consent - any allegations to the contrary are false.''' ,'''We certainly hope that Facebook allows users to connect with their friends on Path and with any other partner applications in the future.''' ,'''I have two iPhones: one for day and one for the night. When the day phone runs out, the night phone takes over. I never have to worry.''' ,'''We give you a list of suggested friends to connect with who are already on Path. We notify you when other friends of yours join Path.''' ,]
+++