+++
author = "Matthew Broderick"
title = "Matthew Broderick Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Matthew Broderick Quotes"
keywords = "matthew broderick,matthew broderick quotes,matthew broderick quote,matthew broderick sayings,matthew broderick saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I walk into rooms and I don't know why I'm there. I'm like, 'Why am I standing in front of the toilet now?'''' ,'''There can be moments onstage - but sometimes in a movie, too - where you just feel you're in a golden space. You're in this strange world where everything you do makes sense. And it's funny: the audience is right in it with you, and the other actors, and you get these rare moments of feeling at one with something. You hear voices in your head.''' ,'''Most of the people in Donegal knew me long before I was an actor. But even since then, they don't talk that much about it, which is very nice.''' ,'''People are consistently telling me how much they like my wife. That's my cross to bear.''' ,''''Election' - I just loved the script, and I loved having the part.''' ,'''I probably wouldn't make a good accountant. I don't even understand what my accountant tells me. But the character is a sort of exaggerated version of me, he's a little more frightened than I am, everything seems so much bigger to him than it does to me.''' ,'''Having a baby changes the way you view your in-laws. I love it when they come to visit now. They can hold the baby and I can go out.''' ,'''I've liked Pete Gurney's writing always.''' ,'''The first dog I got was a border collie. Her name was Sally.''' ,'''I love musicals more than anything.''' ,'''I used to wonder what it would be like to see my name on a billboard. I couldn't even imagine something like that. Then you see it, and, well, it just makes billboards not as special as they used to be. It's weird.''' ,'''I liked 'Brighton Beach Memoirs,' which I did with Neil Simon. I kind of was playing him, as Eugene Morris Jerome, and I played that a few times at the very beginning of my career.''' ,'''I think I'm a somewhat nervous bee who just wants to conform. Which, I guess, is common in bees.''' ,'''I like the sentimentality of 'Miracle on 34th Street' and all those movies, and there actually is a tradition of Christmas comedies, too.''' ,'''I spent a lot of time growing up in Ireland in Donegal.''' ,'''Anytime I talk about my wife, I want to make it, like, 'the battle-ax,' and I always do that bit, but it's not true. She's a very positive person.''' ,'''When I see people who have to fly to a city every day with a laptop and stuff, that's why - I don't think I could manage that.''' ,'''I saw Al Pacino on the street once. That made me very nervous.''' ,'''You have to fight the green monster with your mind, not your fists.''' ,'''It was not a good thing in my family to be a 'personality.'''' ,'''I'm not the best dog owner.''' ,'''I like actors who are sort of different and eccentric - not what you expect.''' ,''''The Road to Wellville'... it had Anthony Hopkins, Bridget Fonda, directed by Alan Parker. I hadn't been doing all that well, and I was thrilled to get it, and it just didn't work. It was a terrible movie, but I don't think it's anyone's fault.''' ,'''I think if ever I met Peter O'Toole, I'd faint.''' ,'''I just want the money and the fame and the adoration, and I don't want any of the other stuff.''' ,'''Television makes you very famous. It's very strange.''' ,'''We celebrated Christmas. Not religiously, but we did the tree and the lights. Hannukah always seemed not quite as thrilling - Sorry to my Jewish brothers and sisters! But when you're a kid, Santa and all that, you know, that really trumps the menorah. So we did Christmas.''' ,'''It's no fun to be miscast. The times I've done parts that I don't feel, in retrospect, I was great for - it's a very bad feeling.''' ,'''I slip from workaholic to bum real easy.''' ,'''I like animals.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I would sometimes go to Ireland with our family.''' ,]
+++