+++
author = "Richard Chamberlain"
title = "Richard Chamberlain Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Richard Chamberlain Quotes"
keywords = "richard chamberlain,richard chamberlain quotes,richard chamberlain quote,richard chamberlain sayings,richard chamberlain saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I pattern my actions and life after what I want. No two people are alike. You might admire attributes in others, but use these only as a guide in improving yourself in your own unique way. I don't go for carbon copies. Individualism is sacred!''' ,'''I've learned, I think, to be able to distinguish between the necessary and the unnecessary as far as my limited outside time is concerned. Saying 'no' politely is a necessity if one wants to lead any kind of stable life.''' ,'''I actually feel sorry for people who have a lot of illusions in their head about what gay is. I mean, I know some gay people who are really wonderful people.''' ,''''Handsome' means many things to many people. If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered - and have my parents to thank for it. Realistically, it doesn't hurt to be good-looking, especially in this business.''' ,'''I suppose everyone tells little white lies. Quite often they're necessary to make someone feel better or prevent feelings from being hurt. Whoppers? No, that's dangerous and they'll boomerang.''' ,'''I consider myself a religious person. God is something very personal with me and I don't flaunt religion in conversation with others.''' ,'''Over a long period of time, living as if you were someone else is no fun.''' ,'''Nothing is secret once you tell anyone. If you want to keep it quiet - don't tell a soul.''' ,]
+++