+++
author = "Pia Wurtzbach"
title = "Pia Wurtzbach Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Pia Wurtzbach Quotes"
keywords = "pia wurtzbach,pia wurtzbach quotes,pia wurtzbach quote,pia wurtzbach sayings,pia wurtzbach saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been my family's breadwinner since I was 11.''' ,'''Everyday, we all struggle to be comfortable with our imperfections.''' ,'''Tuna pie has been a comfort food for me. Back in high school, when I was still studying at ABS-CBN's Distance Learning Center, I remember buying it every day from the Jollibee kiosk in our building.''' ,'''I don't wear the sash to bed. But I make sure it is always clean. I have it in two colors, black and gray. And I make sure it goes with my outfit.''' ,'''We have miles to go to end AIDS in the Philippines and we need to equip young people with the right information and enable them to access services that are safe and responsive to their needs.''' ,'''Just having plants around helps with your mood. You feel relaxed.''' ,'''Beauty and fashion are a form of expression and it doesn't have to come with a price tag. It depends on what suits each person.''' ,'''There's really a lot of lessons that I've learned from being Miss Universe. I don't even know where to begin. Just being able to travel a lot and meet people from different walks of life. I don't think I've experienced anything like it or would experience anything like it.''' ,'''For fashion and beauty, I don't think you have to overthink it.''' ,'''Let me just make a stand that our friends and family in the LGBTQIA-plus community have the right to take up space in our society.''' ,'''Back in the States, they actually liked hearing my Filipino accent. People I meet there found it very endearing.''' ,'''The crown is always with me, so I keep it close.''' ,'''I was a nervous flyer before, but now I've gotten used to it.''' ,'''If you have a goal, you have to understand that it's not going to be easy. It might take a while.''' ,'''I'm scared of injections and needles.''' ,'''I wouldn't be the same Pia if I won Miss Philippines on my first try.''' ,'''I might be the next Bond girl, who knows?''' ,'''I learned that you should never be afraid to speak your mind especially when you know it's right.''' ,'''When my parents separated, I became the breadwinner of the family.''' ,'''When it comes to trying to do good, I will keep going, even when I'm no longer Miss Universe.''' ,'''I've heard a lot about the iconic buildings and all that Dubai has to offer and can't wait to experience it for myself.''' ,'''When I want something, I stop at nothing to get what I want, even if it takes a while.''' ,'''I'm very career-driven.''' ,'''What I really like about Ultherapy is that it's really convenient. You only have to do it once a year for 45 minutes. That's really fast.''' ,'''I think that the United States and the Philippines have always had a good relationship with each other. We were colonized by the Americans and we have their culture and our traditions even up to this day and I think that we're very welcoming with the Americans. And I don't see any problem with that at all.''' ,'''I've worked countless jobs from waiting tables to packing boxes in a paper factory - a testament that I hustled on and never gave up til I reached my dreams.''' ,'''I've been stocking up on dry shampoo. We don't have dry shampoo in the Philippines yet. I notice that here in the U.S., there are a lot of volumizing products, like salt spray. In the Philippines, the humidity can make your hair a bit flat, so I'm wondering, how come we don't have this back home?''' ,'''You can only do Miss Universe once, so take as many pictures as you can, enjoy, and have fun.''' ,'''I really lived and breathed Miss Universe.''' ,'''But I'm the type of person who, whatever you throw at me, I can make something out of it.''' ,'''I wouldn't join Miss Universe if I thought somebody else deserved it more than I do.''' ,'''There's such a huge diaspora of Filipino workers around the world and I want to help tell their story.''' ,'''I felt like I was the odd one out growing up in the province because I was half-Filipino and half-German, so I wasn't full-blooded Filipina and, of course, I was the tallest in my class and I felt kind of awkward.''' ,'''I always knew that transgenders are allowed to join Miss Universe and win Miss Universe. So they're welcome to join.''' ,'''I hope my story could become an inspiration of determination, discipline, faith and hardwork.''' ,'''If you're going to give me the role of Darna, I'll accept it. I will work hard, I will train, I will attend workshops. I will give all my strength. But, of course, it's ABS-CBN's decision in the end to see who is the perfect fit to play the role.''' ,'''I didn't want any other crown when I joined Binibining Pilipinas.''' ,'''I'm so glad I never lost my drive because turns out, I was right! Now I'm finally wearing the Philippine sash in the most prestigious pageant in the world.''' ,'''I've always seen our faith as an instrument to embrace our fundamental equality, before God and before our laws, and not as a license to discriminate.''' ,'''If I have free time, I go to the gym, or do errands.''' ,'''I've been getting Obagi prior to my being an endorser because my dermatologist prescribes the brand and I always like it, knowing Obagi is a well-trusted name, of quality and is safe to use.''' ,'''I think it takes a lot for you to admit you made a mistake and correct it right away, especially on live television.''' ,'''Coming from a pageant title that celebrates diversity, I've come to appreciate all kinds of beauty.''' ,'''I think what makes a woman naturally more beautiful is when she starts believing in herself and starts getting more confident because you can have the most expensive makeup, you can get a lot of services done, but if deep inside you're still not happy and confident, that's going to show.''' ,'''Some girls just don't know when to put the brush down, when to stop.''' ,'''I have a busy schedule and am constantly traveling so when I do have the time to grocery shop or prepare a meal, I make it a priority.''' ,'''There is a difference between going under the knife and the stigma.''' ,'''You have to take into account the arc of your foot when you're buying heels.''' ,'''The relevance of beauty pageants in the Philippines is that it gives people hope.''' ,'''To be a Miss Universe is both an honor and responsibility.''' ,'''After I won Miss Universe, my managers started telling me I have to start putting on less makeup.''' ,'''I want to feel confident and good about myself.''' ,'''I can't believe I'm gonna be immortalized in Madam Tussauds! Dream come true.''' ,'''Because I knew we were going to wear five inches during the pageant, I would train with six inches. So, when it was time to wear the five-inch heels, they felt like nothing to me.''' ,'''Found my tropical paradise here in Bali.''' ,'''I experienced bullying in different forms.''' ,'''Everything I post on social media, they make a headline out of it!''' ,'''I felt calm when I was called first runner-up because I felt it was fate. But when they announced that I was Miss Universe, I had mixed emotions. I was happy because I really wanted to win but felt sad for Miss Colombia.''' ,'''When I want something really badly, whether it's good or bad, I never stop until I get it. It's part of the way I was brought up.''' ,'''I'm a conservative businesswoman in a way because I try not to invest too much to the point that if things go bad, I'd lose a lot.''' ,'''You can be the CEO of a big company and still be unhappy. You can also pass an exam and feel like you've hit the jackpot. Success all depends on how happy you are.''' ,'''Being sweet is something that's already given. As a beauty queen, you know that you should be relatable to people, that you should be authentic - and that makes you sweet. But you should also have that 'it' factor, and the confidence that will make you spicy.''' ,'''Just because my reign had already ended doesn't mean that I have to forget the things I have done as Miss Universe.''' ,'''I have nothing against women who decide to have botox done.''' ,'''Sometimes we think that the more expensive brands will be more effective. Sometimes if you stick to the basics, that's what really matters. That's what I do anyway.''' ,'''I hope to meet a lot of people from different walks of life from different parts of the world.''' ,'''We live in a world where adolescents and young people, especially from key populations, are still left behind. We cannot fail to address their needs.''' ,'''There is so much more to the Philippines than just Manila. The beauty is in the neighboring islands.''' ,'''If there are any offers, opportunities to work abroad in the U.S., then why not? I'll definitely try that out.''' ,'''I like to enjoy foods that keep my energy levels stable. Otherwise I'd likely crash at some point during the day.''' ,'''I want to see how far I can go with my body. I always tell myself that I will be fit, but it never happens.''' ,'''Right now, my bucket list is to do a Hollywood movie.''' ,'''Because the cameras now are all HD they see everything! They see all the imperfections, so your makeup has to be perfect.''' ,'''I pay my taxes when I was with ABS-CBN as an actress; when I was with Binibini, so I'll continue on doing that as long as I'm earning money here, like everybody else.''' ,'''I prepared myself for Miss Universe for a very long time, for years, and I would always try to imagine what it would be like to introduce myself as Pia Wurtzbach, Miss Universe.''' ,'''The future is a big place.''' ,'''I'm looking forward to just enjoying my reign as Miss Universe.''' ,'''If I were to be Miss Universe, I will use my voice to influence the youth and I would raise awareness to certain causes like HIV awareness that is timely and relevant to my country which is the Philippines.''' ,'''We never considered Christmas a holiday because the budget was really tight, so Christmas was just a usual day for us.''' ,'''I think it would be a little bit difficult for two girls to share a crown.''' ,'''I'm a risk-taker because I don't have a lot of experience in putting up a business before - I didn't really learn about this in school - but I still choose to do it, especially since I'm now getting good advice from people around me.''' ,'''I do not have any regrets about not having the opportunity to do my walk with the crown on stage.''' ,'''I want to show the world, the universe rather, that I am confidently beautiful with a heart.''' ,'''If a woman is confident, she believes in herself and is really happy from the inside, you'll see that glow.''' ,'''While I wasn't able to do my first walk' as Miss Universe during my pageant, at least I'll be able to do my final walk - and it will happen in the Philippines no less.''' ,'''I'll continue doing what I do, whether in the Philippines, here in the U.S., or elsewhere.''' ,'''I started modeling when I was 11 years old and acting when I was 12.''' ,'''I like doing my own errands. I feel like they are very personal and it makes me feel like I achieved a lot that day.''' ,'''I love living in a condo because I don't have worries, relax ka lang and everything is being taken care of.''' ,'''It's live television. People make mistakes and Steve Harvey was very gracious to apologize. I accept his apology and I think it speaks a lot about his character.''' ,'''Life doesn't end when you get married.''' ,'''Nerves can happen to even the best of us. It's not easy to compete.''' ,'''It's a dream role for me to play a superhero.''' ,'''I learned so much because I moved out of my mom's when I was 18. It teaches you to be responsible, to be independent.''' ,'''I actually quite miss being called Philippines because in the pageant it's normal for us to be called our country instead of our names. If somebody goes, 'Philippines!' I turn my head and I know that's me. Now they go 'Pia' or 'Miss Universe.' Of course that's better. But I also miss that, being called my country.''' ,'''For the last three years that I have tried, people are laughing at me and saying that I was trying too hard. And my answer is yeah, I really am trying hard.''' ,'''I wouldn't say there are alliances at the pageant, but I understand if you can't speak the language, you would want to hang out with someone who understands you.''' ,'''I'm more Filipino than I am German. I guess I shouldn't be ashamed to say that.''' ,'''It would be good to star in a teleserye, why not.''' ,'''A lot of Filipinas are really into fashion, and there are so many noted Filipino designers around the world.''' ,]
+++