+++
author = "Jeff Greene"
title = "Jeff Greene Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Jeff Greene Quotes"
keywords = "jeff greene,jeff greene quotes,jeff greene quote,jeff greene sayings,jeff greene saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been a friend to people who may not have had perfect pasts.''' ,'''I was able to use credit default swaps to protect not only my investments but the hundreds of jobs that exist because of my investment. I understand the dangers of credit default swaps and the benefits of credit default swaps.''' ,'''Nobody can buy Jeff Greene. Nobody ever has. Nobody ever will.''' ,'''I've got a huge, huge position in mortgage-backed securities. I started accumulating them in 2009, when the market was really down and things were really scary.''' ,'''I'm not interested in owning a bunch of driveways.''' ,'''I got into real estate very much by accident.''' ,'''Do we have to regulate derivatives? Yes, we do. 'Cause when I did this in my investments, frankly, no one knew who could pay who. But derivatives have an important place in our economy.''' ,'''The global equalization of wages and the exponential growth in technology has created a job-killing machine that's only going to get worse.''' ,'''America's lifestyle expectations are far too high and need to be adjusted so we have less things and a smaller, better existence.''' ,'''I have accused L.B. Management of failing to report to me, and I've told L.B. Management the money is missing, and it could very well be embezzled.''' ,'''I don't drink coffee. I like nice wines with dinner.''' ,'''I like lots of career politicians; I'm not against all career politicians.''' ,'''If you think about $7.25 an hour, that's $290 a week. It's inhumane to have that kind of wage.''' ,'''I live in Palm Beach, where no one wants to hear bad news.''' ,'''When I get to Washington, the people of Florida are going to know I'm not going to spend my first year having fundraisers to pay off a campaign debt.''' ,'''My wife and I, we don't leave the house; we have dinner at home.''' ,'''I'll spend whatever it takes to get my message out and to be competitive with these career politicians. I'm not going to take a penny of special interest money.''' ,'''Technology can be a great equalizer when it comes to health care, education - to the point where rich, poor, middle class can all get the same benefits.''' ,'''There are all these people in this country who are just not participating in the American Dream at all.''' ,'''I'm a trader. Under the right circumstances, I'd consider a new boat. I'm not ruling it out.''' ,'''I've been a job creator. I've worked in the economy myself.''' ,'''When you're on a boat, you're going to little islands and stuff. It's not a partying kind of thing.''' ,'''It is kind of a problem in America that so many Americans believe if they elect a different president, everything is going to be fine.''' ,'''Let's not forget we created that ideal middle class by destroying all of our industrial competitors during World War II.''' ,'''Having money is great. It's fun. The more the better.''' ,'''I can't remember in 1980 who I voted for. I wish I could tell you.''' ,'''If an immigrant comes here, and they're willing to create jobs, and they're willing to contribute to our economy, we have to make it easier for the kinds of immigrants we want, because that is the past of America; that's our greatness, and that will continue to be our greatness in the future.''' ,'''I had all this success and made all this money, but I didn't have anyone to share it with.''' ,'''I'm always signing blank deeds. That's how an escrow company works.''' ,'''In real estate, you make 10% of your money because you're a genius and 90% because you catch a great wave.''' ,'''If there were not derivatives, there would be no bank loans at all today, because people want to get fixed-rate 30-year loans, but banks don't want to keep 30-year loans on their books.''' ,'''My early windfall was a result of the excesses of the S&L era.''' ,'''I tend to be pretty conservative in the way I spend money.''' ,]
+++