+++
author = "Hale Appleman"
title = "Hale Appleman Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Hale Appleman Quotes"
keywords = "hale appleman,hale appleman quotes,hale appleman quote,hale appleman sayings,hale appleman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I went to Carnegie Mellon for a year and a month or two, and then I dropped out because I got a movie. I didn't anticipate ever leaving school - I was a really serious drama student - and then that happened, and my life sort of took a turn.''' ,'''My first audition for 'The Magicians' came up in conversation with a close friend who, right then, handed me the first book.''' ,'''We need new stories, but I am looking forward to 'The Dark Crystal'.''' ,'''I started reading and fell in love with the worlds and characters Lev Grossman created. I'm taken with his exploration of an idealized childhood fantasy through the lens of adulthood, or coming into adulthood.''' ,'''I always loved magic and fantasy/adventure series as a kid.''' ,'''The Pandora's box of unholiness is attempting to sing anything that Freddie Mercury ever sang.''' ,'''I grew up doing a lot of theatre, plays, dramas, musicals.''' ,'''I think actors are meant to have crises of faith; I think it's part of the job. I think it makes you a stronger person and a stronger actor.''' ,'''Shooting a new story out of order every week is a fundamentally different beast than stage work, where you tell the same story every night from beginning to end.''' ,'''Our fans are really passionate and really protective of the characters on the show. That's just a testament to them, that kind of reaction.''' ,'''Some day, I'm in a horror movie, and some days I'm in, like, a sweet, independent feature about relationship.''' ,'''I spend a part of the year in New York when based in L.A. and vice versa. It's the only way I feel balanced. Outside of theater and my community of friends out there, my family is still in N.Y., so I have a lot of reasons to spend time out there as well. I guess I'm bi-coastal.''' ,'''I don't actually think I could be happy on one coast all year round. California is a sweeter lifestyle, but I need the energy of New York to keep me on my toes.''' ,'''From about ten, I knew I wanted to be an actor, and I started doing vocal shows and stuff.''' ,'''Great direction, great acting partner, great character backstory - these are all rare luxuries to have in the room.''' ,'''Born in the Village. My mom still lives on Bleeker Street. I went to the performing arts high school.''' ,]
+++