+++
author = "Julie Kagawa"
title = "Julie Kagawa Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Julie Kagawa Quotes"
keywords = "julie kagawa,julie kagawa quotes,julie kagawa quote,julie kagawa sayings,julie kagawa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My favourite character would have to be 'Ash,' because I love my brooding bad boys. But a certain snarky talking cat runs a very close second.''' ,'''I get up, get coffee, and go into my home office. I check email and Twitter before I start work, but I have to try not to get too distracted.''' ,'''I like all my characters in one way or another, or at least I understand them.''' ,'''I worked at a Books-a-Million in Louisville for several years.''' ,'''I usually start with an ending, then outline high points of things that happen, and kind of make up the rest as I go along. Occasionally, the characters surprise me, and I wonder how we got here. Other times, the characters are stubborn and won't do something I want them to in the story.''' ,'''Overall, I'd say I was an awesome bookseller, but probably not the best book shelver. I loved recommending books and helping people find books.''' ,'''I love the stories of changelings and the thought that the Fey were these ancient, capricious creatures who were tricky and dangerous. I've always preferred the Brothers Grimm faery tales to the Disney fairy tales.''' ,'''I like to put my characters through a lot, so, in 'Talon,' my fans will find familiar themes of bravery and sacrifice, and what it means to be human... even if you're not human.''' ,'''Some writers like to work in other places like coffee shops, but I can't - I'd end up people-watching. And if I were at a bookstore, I'd be reading. Sometimes I have some music on, but usually I like it quiet.''' ,'''When I wrote my first story, all the characters were teenagers because I think 16, 17 is a great age.''' ,'''Just keep writing, and try to finish that novel. Remember, all authors started exactly where you are right now; the only difference between a published author and a non-published one is that the published author never stopped writing.''' ,'''I was a huge bookworm as a kid, and you could usually find me reading something with a dragon on its cover.''' ,]
+++