+++
author = "Gaspard Ulliel"
title = "Gaspard Ulliel Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Gaspard Ulliel Quotes"
keywords = "gaspard ulliel,gaspard ulliel quotes,gaspard ulliel quote,gaspard ulliel sayings,gaspard ulliel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not really a model.''' ,'''My secret dream has always been to be a jazz musician. I tried the saxophone for a year or two when I was younger, but unfortunately I had to face the fact that I was not really talented!''' ,'''I love music.''' ,'''When you're so passionate about cinema, the idea to direct your own film is really appealing.''' ,'''I just choose the scripts I want to work on. I don't know why. It's not something conscious or that I'm doing on purpose.''' ,'''Since first starting my career, I've grown accustomed to working with actors older than me. I'm always the youngest.''' ,'''When I'm doing a photo shoot, I'm not playing a part. I'm just trying to be myself.''' ,'''The Chanel woman is slender, sophisticated and chic.''' ,'''I've been an amateur photographer since my teens.''' ,'''When you see period films, it tends to often be with older actors.''' ,'''Well, I think it can be quite helpful to be working on a character who actually existed, historically. Of course, you might have material to study and help you create the character.''' ,'''I did some theater as a kid for fun. But it was really by chance that I landed into acting.''' ,'''I love good food. I'm an epicurean, that's for sure... But I am not really a good cook.''' ,]
+++