+++
author = "Kyra Sedgwick"
title = "Kyra Sedgwick Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Kyra Sedgwick Quotes"
keywords = "kyra sedgwick,kyra sedgwick quotes,kyra sedgwick quote,kyra sedgwick sayings,kyra sedgwick saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You know, I grew up with brothers so I'm used to being the only girl.''' ,'''He put a ring in the toe of a stocking. On Christmas Eve, we opened our stockings and it was there at the bottom of the toe. Then he got down on his knees and he was shaking.''' ,'''Sometimes when you do a part, the wall between you and the characters can be very porous. You can sort of move in and out of your character's persona and being. And that just couldn't happen on this one because of working with him.''' ,'''I was very young when we got married and I don't know why it worked out like it did or how I was smart enough to know that this was the right guy, but somehow I got lucky.''' ,'''We do spend time talking about it and we puzzle through it together. We ride the roller coasters together - the high highs and the low lows.''' ,'''After 14 years, it better be a real marriage, you know? We do have a great time together. We are really lucky.''' ,'''It's not always thankless. Let's face it - it's not always thankless. I've gotten a lot of really great recognition and I've worked with amazing people.''' ,'''I do know that I have to work hard for every single thing that I get, really hard, and that's okay.''' ,'''It's easier in some ways being on the life raft and the other guy's in the boat and you can row alongside and be supportive. In some ways, that's an easier role.''' ,'''Also everyone's hearts are in the right place when you do a small movie. You're not doing it for the money; you're not doing it for the possibility of an Oscar nomination. You are doing it because you love the material.''' ,'''But when you're in something together, it's very hard to be objective and you're very subjective.''' ,'''I don't know if you're married, but sometimes there are times where one is really together with their partner. And then there are times when you're both just in your own thing, but you're there together.''' ,'''Whether it be in a small movie or a big movie, I would always be attracted to this role.''' ,'''I think in this movie, every time I see his work, I'm blown away by it because he, to me, he really embodied the character so powerfully and so real, so truthfully to me.''' ,'''I have too much respect for the characters I play to make them anything but as real as they can possibly be. I have a great deal of respect for all of them, otherwise I wouldn't do them. And I don't want to screw them by not portraying them honestly.''' ,'''I think it's important to do smaller films because I think that's where a lot of new things are happening.''' ,'''It's not that I don't see myself as hot and sexy. Don't get me wrong. No, it's not that.''' ,'''Ultimately, you know, I'm a grown-up, I've been in this business a long time. I've got kids. I've got to do my stuff. But I also need to keep it there so I can bring it up again the next day at work or whatever.''' ,'''Some of the best roles are for women in these independent, smaller movies.''' ,'''While it is challenging working with a kid, because they're so of the moment all the time. My acting style is to try to take something from my life that the character can relate to and that I can relate the character to.''' ,'''I feel my job as an actor is to explore all sides of humanity.''' ,'''Hollywood movies are run on fear and they don't want to make bold choices. They, generally, speaking want to keep things status quo. That's not really interesting for me.''' ,'''I do it because I want to exercise people's compassion and I do it because I really believe that for some reason what I do is important and meaningful.''' ,'''I think it's important to do great work.''' ,'''Hollywood is sexist and age-ist, and that covers all the bases, I guess.''' ,'''I think that certainly my choices empower me.''' ,'''I can't get hired in a studio movie. Everything is so uphill.''' ,'''Shame is such an intense emotion. It just can drive you.''' ,'''I've always been able to let stuff go when I'm done with work.''' ,'''It's that I'm 39. I feel hot and sexy, actually... I feel it inside myself. I don't feel dried up and tired and no longer interested in sex is what I'm trying to say.''' ,]
+++