+++
author = "Jack Sock"
title = "Jack Sock Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jack Sock Quotes"
keywords = "jack sock,jack sock quotes,jack sock quote,jack sock sayings,jack sock saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's been a couple places where I always loved playing doubles 100%, and obviously I go out there and give it my all.''' ,'''I think that everyone that grows up and aspires to be a tennis player dreams about being in the top 10 and pushing from there and going as far as you can.''' ,'''For years, I didn't feel like I belonged in the second week of Grand Slam tournaments. I just wasn't good enough. But when the 2016 U.S. Open rolled around, I knew, for whatever reason, I was going to make a splash.''' ,'''Obviously at the end of the day it's an individual sport.''' ,'''I like to eat and Chipotle will fill you up.''' ,'''Just being out on court, just all the experience you get on court can only help.''' ,'''Playing main-draw matches helps, and playing in front of crowds and playing in big matches definitely helps, getting them all under your belt.''' ,'''I believe and am confident in my game.''' ,'''With doubles, I've never really gone out and been like, 'I really want to win this tournament,' or, 'I really want to do well in doubles this week.' It's more extra time on the court and to go out there and have fun. And I've happened to do well at it.''' ,'''There can be some lonely and down moments on tour for sure.''' ,'''Some guys usually get intimidated by my forehand.''' ,'''It's the tactics, the little things I like to focus on and get better at.''' ,'''Everyone's different, but I think the snug feel is definitely popular on tour. A lot of guys like to feel like they are held tightly in their shoe. That feeling helps you move around the court quicker.''' ,'''I prefer Cincinnati, personally, over a tournament like Madrid. For me it's better. There's a lot to do here, in my opinion.''' ,'''Kansas City - it's simple living. It has everything that I need.''' ,'''I'll go joyriding when I come home, listen to music with the windows down.''' ,'''My mom used to play, so she had rackets around the house. We hit on the garage door for a little while, and then she got mad, so we went to a local racket club and took lessons.''' ,'''I love playing golf, but it's so freaking hard.''' ,'''Used to be some liabilities people would talk about in my game. I feel like I have cleaned those up pretty well. Returning was big for me. I think I've gotten a pretty good hold on that.''' ,'''I'm going to win or lose a match playing on my terms, playing my game, which is big and aggressive and trying to dictate points. Not shying away from that.''' ,'''In the past, I would let things get to me and been much more emotional, both positive and negative.''' ,'''On the road you can't go hardcore with your workout and lifting and then play.''' ,'''Some people like the off days to do a light practice or work on things and then get ready for the next match. I don't mind going out and playing a doubles match and working on returning serving and working on a few things.''' ,'''I appreciate what I've been given, and the chance to play tennis for a living is definitely a blessing.''' ,'''Wherever I'm at, if I'm playing well I can put myself into a position to win any tournament, including grand slams.''' ,'''I know the person I am.''' ,'''I was a smaller kid when I was growing up so I had to learn some defensive skills. I had to grind a little bit and win points by scrapping it out.''' ,'''As a kid everyone has dreams of winning their ultimate tournament and being number one in the world.''' ,'''When I was the young guy on tour, I don't think I really grasped what it actually takes to be at this level.''' ,'''I'm definitely a creature of habit.''' ,'''In tennis that's the beauty. You can always suit up the next week and play another tournament and always have the chance to win it.''' ,'''I've never considered myself a doubles player. I've just enjoyed playing it.''' ,'''Any time you can play in front of home fans and the electric crowds in the U.S., it's always a blast.''' ,'''I want to have the most successful career I can. But the people closest to you are the most important.''' ,'''I've always had a thing for playing in front of people, and the nerves never really creep in too much for some reason for me.''' ,'''I love being on the clay. It feels very comfortable to me.''' ,'''I can count on one hand and maybe a couple of fingers on another the number of players I'll keep in touch with after my playing career is over.''' ,'''When you're watching college tennis and you're in that close match, there's nothing better.''' ,'''To play with one of the greatest doubles players of all time in Mike Bryan was super-fun.''' ,'''People lose, it happens.''' ,'''Against Rafa or Roger or Novak, it's about getting over that intimidation, believing you deserve a chance to take them out.''' ,'''The more time you spend on tour, around the top guys especially, you see what they do, the work, the preparation, the organization they have going into their training. It all leads up to playing great tennis. It really opens your eyes.''' ,'''On the left side of the court, I am in paradise.''' ,'''My game is pretty straightforward, I feel like. If there's a big point I'm looking for a forehand; looking to be aggressive.''' ,'''I play a pretty physical game, trying to run around and hit a lot of forehands, using my serve, and using my legs on my serve.''' ,'''I love playing doubles. I've had some success out there and I've always loved playing with friends.''' ,'''My focus is to do the best I can in singles.''' ,'''I feel like I can move well on the clay. So if I need to get into a longer rally, I can.''' ,'''I've always been a little different in the way I've done things, going to high school instead of a tennis academy when I was younger.''' ,'''Golf is my main thing I love playing any chance I get.''' ,'''Tennis is my life, obviously, and it's my career. But it's not the be-all, end-all.''' ,'''Family over everything.''' ,'''In the offseason, you can definitely get after it a little more. You can have very intense workouts and not have to worry about a match coming up in a day or two or in the next week.''' ,'''I've got my years on tour now kind of under my belt, and I'm getting the experience and playing more and more big matches, which I think helps.''' ,'''Having confidence in your physical shape allows your game to get better with it.''' ,'''I love being from the States and having that pride. But at the same time, there is a lot of expectation.''' ,'''I'm entering tournaments every week trying to win.''' ,'''I want to win Slams and be No. 1 one day.''' ,'''No matter how well you do, there's always people that are going to hate or have better expectations.''' ,'''I think clearly I've proven I can play at the highest of levels.''' ,'''Playing Slams definitely gives you a surreal view of what can happen, and what you can be.''' ,'''Playing in the U.S. Open is the biggest and most important moment of the season for me.''' ,'''I think my game is very suited for clay. It brings out my strengths more so than my other surfaces.''' ,'''I don't want to be that guy that's either arrogant or rubs people the wrong way.''' ,'''How many players can say they're the best in their country? But it's not a goal I ever thought about.''' ,'''Any time you can play the greatest of all time is a fun experience.''' ,'''I can personally say if I'm not relevant in the singles world and my only choice is to play doubles, I'd probably stop playing tennis.''' ,'''Obviously, not many people get to be pro athletes and hopefully make it in their sport. So I'm just lucky enough to have the chance.''' ,'''You're going to lose some matches, you're going to have some bad weeks, for sure. It's part of sport.''' ,'''Hopefully, I can play college tennis for a top program.''' ,'''I mean, I think you can always improve every part of your game.''' ,'''Traveling so much to tournaments, you get behind in school work.''' ,'''I like Hewitt's quickness and how Federer behaves on the court.''' ,'''I'm a shoe geek.''' ,'''It starts with family - they've sacrificed so much for me, with my parents moving away from each other when we were young, for tennis.''' ,'''There was something about being in Rio, being around the other Olympic athletes and playing for the U.S. It was the most special experience I've had.''' ,'''I grew up watching as much Olympics as I could, checking out all the sports. As a kid, you dream of playing your sport and representing your country and seeing the famous rings.''' ,'''I'm a massive golf fan.''' ,'''I have a lot of clarity out on court of what I'm trying to do, my style of game. That's just building strengths.''' ,'''I don't know if it's underrated or not but I have confidence in my speed and my quickness around the court.''' ,'''I want to win singles titles.''' ,'''I think any success you can have on the tennis court, doubles helps. If you're playing on the weekend, you're in the trophy ceremony at the end of it, one of the last guys in the locker room, it can only give you confidence.''' ,'''Yeah, definitely on a mission now to compete to try to be winning these tournaments I'm playing.''' ,'''When you are on the court and a guy shanks a ball off the line, and I think it's the end of the world, then I think about my brother being in a bed for three straight weeks not able to breathe on his own, and it doesn't seem as bad.''' ,'''When you're No. 8 in the world, then you start losing some matches, I think it was the first time in my career my confidence went down, and from there it was a downward spiral.''' ,'''Grand Slam matches are always tough.''' ,'''I like to be interactive, engage with fans and all that and I think the route I took, staying at home, is definitely going to help with that.''' ,'''The bigger the stage, I feel like the better I play.''' ,'''When it's best-of-five sets and most of the Slams are hot, humid conditions, you need all the energy and rest you can get in the singles.''' ,'''If I need to I can play defense, I guess.''' ,'''If I double-fault or I miss a shot I don't think I should miss, instead of getting more upset, I can think back to the tough times that my brother went through or trying to make my grandpa proud.''' ,'''Not many people can say they've been the top player in their sport in all of the U.S.''' ,'''My goal is to be competing to win tournaments that I'm playing instead of just content with making a quarter.''' ,'''Being from the Midwest, everyone knows I take pride in representing the U.S. and to have my own racket and bag is really nice.''' ,'''I take pride being an American.''' ,'''I thoroughly enjoy doubles, everyone knows that.''' ,'''I missed my roots, so I ended up buying a home in Kansas City.''' ,'''The goal for the top American isn't the top twenty - it's top ten, top five, number one in the world.''' ,'''Clay is my favourite surface.''' ,'''I definitely don't take days for granted anymore.''' ,]
+++