+++
author = "Natasia Demetriou"
title = "Natasia Demetriou Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Natasia Demetriou Quotes"
keywords = "natasia demetriou,natasia demetriou quotes,natasia demetriou quote,natasia demetriou sayings,natasia demetriou saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I lived for a little while in a place where the kitchen was a cupboard on the landing.''' ,'''Working with Vic Reeves in a beautiful English field surrounded by loads of chicken wire - it's every person's dream job.''' ,'''I've got friends who are nurses and teachers. They're making a difference. I'm like, 'Sorry I'm so stressed - I'm working on a character and my wig hasn't arrived.'''' ,'''It's very rare to be able to do a show where the most important thing is being funny.''' ,'''Often it's seen as empowering if you're cleverer than the men, or more aware - then you're giving the woman a great strong role. And that's true to an extent. But when it's a comedy, you want to be as mad and silly and funny as the men.''' ,'''I'm not green-fingered, I'm grey-fingered. I suck the life out of plants.''' ,'''What's not to aspire to about how to grow your own fruit and vegetables and plants, and then being creative?''' ,'''Stath Lets Flats' at its heart is a character comedy show about a family-run estate agents, but it's inspired by a real family!''' ,'''If anyone pays me a compliment, I'll do almost anything.''' ,'''I have a simple, simple brain.''' ,'''We are trying to shine a light on the infantilisation of women in the music industry. It's in the fashion and media industries too - this idea that women are more attractive if they look like little girls.''' ,'''I find it a lot with Australian and New Zealand comics, and people from that part of the world, we share quite a similar sense of humour I think.''' ,'''It's embarrassing to say you want to be a comedian. Admitting that you want attention and you think you're such a laugh.''' ,'''I hate Zoom. Mainly because I hate staring at my own face.''' ,'''I suffer from IBS so I'm severely constipated at all times.''' ,'''You just get satisfaction from achieving something that you just don't get in any other way than from being creative.''' ,'''Obviously getting to work with me is a huge pull, I know there's a lot of big A-listers out there desperate to get screentime with me.''' ,'''It's just a lovely way to do comedy, where you have the freedom to try stuff, but then you also have a really strong, solid script to go back to if you're brain dead and tired.''' ,'''Whenever we do wire work, we do look like babies just being, like, dangled.''' ,'''Everyone who does comedy at my level thinks the same thing: 'What am I doing with my life?'''' ,'''Having an enthusiasm to move doesn't necessarily mean that the Lord has blessed you with the feet to do so.''' ,'''Treat your eyeballs to people who are truly joyful, escapist or interesting for you.''' ,'''My parent's house, to be honest, is like a snail's disco. It's a fine house but my parents are very eccentric. Also that house might be built on an Ancient Egyptian burial ground or something, because the plague of insects that hit that house as we were growing up.''' ,'''Comedy characters that take themselves very seriously, but are actually fools, is so funny.''' ,'''Me and Jamie have grown up together and we work in the same industry and I quite often feel very lucky. Doing 'Stath' I look across the room and think, 'Not only is one of my best friends here, but he's also my brother.'''' ,'''They are cheaper to make and easier to do; you can just cram in loads of talent into a format that works and works. But if you look back, a lot of people we love today like French and Saunders, Ricky Gervais and Steve Coogan, all started in sketch shows.''' ,'''I think mockumentaries are such well-trodden grounds for comedies. It has been done a lot, but it is because of that informal nature, it's such a fertile ground to be funny.''' ,'''I grew up watching 'Big Train,' these collectives of comedians who knew each other, and as a comedy fan you knew who was going out, who were best friends.''' ,'''My Greek relatives I think probably are vampires.''' ,'''Who doesn't want to come and put fangs on, and a funny mad costume, and pretend to be like a really over-the-top bloodsucking monster for a couple of days? It's like dress-up.''' ,'''I think being creative and making something that you can look at is so good for your brain and your soul. Nothing beats it.''' ,'''I've always wanted to try presenting and see what it was like, and you know, it could be a huge mistake.''' ,'''Anyone who takes themselves very seriously, or is in any way pompous, or thinks of themselves quite highly, as soon as you pull out one little thread, you find one little chink... that's when it's the funniest.''' ,'''Vampires, they're like the gift that won't stop giving. It's a good fruitful place to find comedy because they take themselves so seriously.''' ,'''I tried to pull off a pair of thigh-high suede boots once, but my legs just looked like two big trouts wrapped up.''' ,'''Turns out tomato feed is the gift that keeps on giving. It's good for any plant.''' ,'''I love watching TV, I probably spend too much time on my phone, but it's probably not very good for your mental health is it? It indulges some of your worst personality traits, like staring at other people's lives on Instagram for hours on end.''' ,'''My dad makes me hiss with laughter.''' ,'''I only use Tinder to have horrible conversations with people. I accidentally liked this man on there and he sent me some really horrendous things. I was like, 'I'm gonna be even more horrendous.' I was by myself, having the time of my life. Then I felt slightly sick.''' ,'''I feel passionately that we need more space on TV for sketch shows for character actors to experiment.''' ,'''We still have a long way to go in such a misogynistic industry. But the discussions that we are having on social media and in politics, about the equal representation of women, which wasn't happening when I started out, is definitely changing things.''' ,'''Well, I'm obsessed with shoes - small shoes, weirdly shaped shoes, hotdogs in shoes, things sliding in and out of shoes.''' ,'''Like in 'Eastenders' they can write coronavirus into the scripts, so people can actually be socially distancing. But if you're in a sketch show where you're on top of each other, doing stupid things, you can't really make it work.''' ,'''I'm so lucky! I got to be a vampire! It's incredible.''' ,'''My parents let my old room out to students studying abroad and my dad can never remember their names. They had a boy called Gerchen staying for over a year once and my dad called him 'courgette' the entire time.''' ,'''I was obsessed with 'Twilight.' I love the very, very serious drama of Bella and Edward. They were the most serious people in the world, with the worst senses of humor.''' ,'''I think trying to be hot is the antithesis of trying to be funny. If you're aware of what you look like, or you're trying to... you can't be truly funny.''' ,'''TV presenting is not so easy.''' ,'''I used to be a nanny and the kids used to laugh at me when I'd say 'Shall we paint something?' They just wanted to go on their iPads.''' ,'''I've just got a flat with a little balcony, so I did that fantastic thing of buying far too many plants and not really knowing what was going to stay alive and what wasn't.''' ,'''We had such a strange upbringing with such eccentric parents and so we were often put in situations where finding what was funny was a survival thing.''' ,]
+++