+++
author = "Valerie Azlynn"
title = "Valerie Azlynn Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Valerie Azlynn Quotes"
keywords = "valerie azlynn,valerie azlynn quotes,valerie azlynn quote,valerie azlynn sayings,valerie azlynn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would recommend going out for more independent films. You can get bigger roles and really work your acting chops and build a reel.''' ,'''Working out should be a key part of your life but not your whole life. When it is all a man could talk about, it becomes too much.''' ,'''On the day of the audition for 'Sullivan and Son,' I had three other auditions all around Los Angeles. It was so hectic. I remember changing in my car before I went in to read.''' ,'''There's something really cool about TV. TV, you get the luxury of having the same people around. It is such a blessing when you get a TV job. You really have a chance to get to make, like, work friends. I think TV is one of the few mediums where I've had the opportunity to get to know my crew members.''' ,'''I started in high school and regional theater. Anything that came into town, I wanted to be involved in, because I just wanted to learn.''' ,'''I love watching old sitcoms. It's very inspiring to watch 'Mary Tyler Moore' and 'Golden Girls.' I have watched them over and over again for years.''' ,'''I feel really proud of my work on 'Sullivan & Son.' It's a really different character for me. I was excited to play this really tough, sweet smart, quirky girl because that's who I am at my core, but that's never who I was playing. The show is like my pride and joy.''' ,'''I like a man with some extra padding.''' ,'''I am not gonna say that a guy's looks make him have to try harder in any way. I don't believe that at all. I think if he is funny, smart and cool, he's all set. Looks are not very important to me.''' ,'''I think I have lived in every part of L.A. except downtown. Everywhere from Topanga Canyon to Toluca Lake.''' ,'''My idol is Bea Arthur. I really tried to follow her example. She is one of my comedy 'she-roes.'''' ,'''Personally, I love theater; that's where I started.''' ,'''I love a man with stubble. It's very sexy.''' ,'''If I could kidnap Bryan Doyle-Murray and force him to be in my family, I would. I love him; I really do.''' ,'''I love the Warner Brothers lot. There is so much history there. They've done such a smart thing. They have signs outside of each stage which tell you what movies and TV shows were shot inside. So cool... you can almost feel the ghosts of actors past.''' ,'''Do not let yourself get in your own way. Don't judge yourself and knock yourself down. There is enough of that out there already. Remember: you are an artist, and you bring something special to this craft. Take in notes and criticism, but don't let them define you. Don't try to become a watered down version of yourself.''' ,]
+++