+++
author = "Orlando Bloom"
title = "Orlando Bloom Quotes"
quotes_len = "177"
description = "the best 177 Orlando Bloom Quotes"
keywords = "orlando bloom,orlando bloom quotes,orlando bloom quote,orlando bloom sayings,orlando bloom saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I got to work with one of my heroes, Johnny Depp, and to see how he goes about business, which was really inspiring for me at this stage in my career.''' ,'''Life is going to unfold as it should because life always does.''' ,'''If you think of the ice caps as the fridge of our planet, if your fridge at home died, the food you eat would go rotten, and you'd starve.''' ,'''Life sometimes doesn't work out exactly as we plan or hope for.''' ,'''There's a difference between a failure and a fiasco... a fiasco is a disaster of mythic proportions.''' ,'''I was an angry, angry child at times.''' ,'''When I arrive at my destination, I like to hit the gym, as I find exercise helps combat jet lag.''' ,'''For a kid in London, Hollywood seems like such a mythical place.''' ,'''Elves are like trees, grounded and focused from the trunk down but graceful and agile on top.''' ,'''How can you be in hell while you are in my heart?''' ,'''I love traditions. I mean, cultural ones.''' ,'''I'm going to start a new career as a singer, I think. I'm going to go the way of Russell Crowe.''' ,'''As a child, I had the opportunity to meet the captain onboard a British Airways flight. It was so exciting to see the cockpit and controls. I was in awe of the captain, and he stamped my log book, which I still have to this day.''' ,'''I got to dress up in funny clothes and run around New Zealand with a bow and arrow for 18 months, how bad could that be?''' ,'''When everyone around you is doing all this incredible pirate acting and you're having to sort of play the straight guy and move the story forward, you kind of want to be doing some of that pirate ripping it up stuff, but in truth, to be a part of that project is what I love.''' ,'''I'd love to return to theater.''' ,'''I found myself doing all these action-adventure movies, and it's been a fantastic experience, and I've learnt a lot.''' ,'''When I was filming, I imagined that Legolas was a meditative character who was very thoughtful and had a certain amount of depth to him. I started working on trying to find this focus that Legolas has, which wasn't really like me.''' ,'''You can drive an SUV, but there's a balance. If you do that, maybe use energy-efficient light bulbs at home or just be conscious of switching off lights. If you can afford to drive an SUV, maybe you can afford to make a donation to a wind farm or plant some trees. It's all about balance.''' ,'''Failure is simply the non-presence of success. But a fiasco is a disaster of mythic proportions.''' ,'''When I was nine, I had this girlfriend and we used to have running races in the park. I wanted to be like Superman and fly in and rescue her.''' ,'''I bungee-jump, skydive, surf and snowboard.''' ,'''Would I like to direct? Maybe one day.''' ,'''Every stylish man should have a copy of 'The Fountainhead' by Ayn Rand on his bookshelf.''' ,'''I pinch myself daily at the good fortune of my life, you know, in many ways.''' ,'''Believing you're something that you're not excites the mind and the imagination. And it's hopeful.''' ,'''Maybe our generation is more about sex, but it feels like romance is dying out.''' ,'''Be comfortable. I think if you're comfortable, you exude confidence, and that leads to good style.''' ,'''London is one of the most exciting cities in the world, with a melting pot of cultures and diversity.''' ,'''Legolas in 'Lord Of The Rings' was sent as a bridge from his people into the world of dwarves and humans and wizards and everything else.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm kind of fit. And I'm quite careful about my diet.''' ,'''I went to Antarctica on a science research boat just to sort of clear my head.''' ,'''I had plenty of vices growing up.''' ,'''Viggo Mortensen had the biggest impact on me in terms of approach, dedication, intention, and artistic outlook, and I'm nowhere close to how good he is as an artist, and I wouldn't even put myself in the same category as an actor.''' ,'''I suppose being quite young and being thrust quite dramatically into a large public arena skewered my vision of what it means to live and be a part of something.''' ,'''It takes obstacles to learn, grow, be better.''' ,'''People think getting a new partner is like getting a new car.''' ,'''I don't do a film unless it has a sword in it. And if it doesn't have a sword in it, I insist that they have one in the same room to keep me comfortable.''' ,'''Take time to enjoy the flight - read a good book, watch a film, catch up on emails and sleep.''' ,'''When you work in such a surreal environment as movies, just listening to some tunes or hanging out with friends is what you crave. Even time alone.''' ,'''Since I've had a son, I want to be around to see him grow up.''' ,'''I know you can be up one minute and drop the next, so I'm trying to maintain a steady course so I can have some longevity.''' ,'''Creativity is the key for any child with dyslexia - or for anyone, for that matter. Then you can think outside of the box. Teach them anything is attainable. Let them run with what you see is whatever they need to run with.''' ,'''I want to do work that has a message and casts a light over an area that's dark. But I'm fun and jovial, too.''' ,'''There's a whole element of human interaction and character interaction that I really enjoy doing.''' ,'''Movies like that aren't about the visual effects and explosions. They're human stories about family, about life, about death.''' ,'''Unfortunately, I'm very accident-prone.''' ,'''My mom used to tell me, 'If you read 50 books, I'll get you a motorbike.'''' ,'''I'm amazed that things have panned out the way they have. I always say I'm so lucky, though my mum always says, 'You make your own luck.'''' ,'''When I realized that if I was an actor, I could be any character I wanted instead of just one particular, I was like, 'Wow, that's cool.'''' ,'''I've done movies with a sword before. But I haven't really been given the full responsibility of something like a Ridley Scott film.''' ,'''I did send a girl a plane ticket asking her for a visit, I guess that's quite romantic.''' ,'''Watch how you communicate with a woman. Because you're always communicating, even when you're not talking - with your body language, your facial expressions, your eyes.''' ,'''Fear is not a friend of mine. But it's something to have a healthy awareness of.''' ,'''Elves have this superhuman strength, yet they're so graceful. Tolkien created them to be angelic spirits, but I also saw Legolas as something out of the Seven Samurai.''' ,'''Love is what we aspire to most in our lives.''' ,'''I try to take the time to appreciate and I certainly do appreciate and I do feel proud but that is probably one of the things I need to work on, building a bit of time for myself.''' ,'''The role of an actor is to make every character believable.''' ,'''I am very different to how people think I am. It's the characters I play that they are responding to.''' ,'''I want to do things that terrify me, unless they're going to kill me.''' ,'''Being referred to as a hunk or a heartthrob makes me nervous, but it's flattering. But I'm more interested in being an actor than a heartthrob.''' ,'''I wish I could just be in the movies and still enjoy everything else like a normal person.''' ,'''Think about finding out when you're 13 that your dad is not your dad. It's like, okay, take it on the chin and keep going. No choice, really.''' ,'''There are complications in relationships between men and women. There always will be.''' ,'''My whole career has been fulfilling my childhood fantasies, playing characters that are larger than life, getting to play a knight, an elf, a prince, and a soldier.''' ,'''My mother's husband Harry Bloom was a writer, a novelist, a reporter, and an anti-apartheid activist.''' ,'''It's mad because as a woman, you carry the baby for nine months, so you're very conscious that you have a little one inside you. But for a guy, it's suddenly, there's a baby there.''' ,'''I remember one time that I was filming a scene in whych my character rides through Troy on a chariot. I just looked around at this incredible set thinking 'This is the life'.''' ,'''The best way to look stylish on a budget is to try second-hand, bargain hunting, and vintage.''' ,'''I want to have an impact on my son.''' ,'''I generally travel with my laptop, a couple of great books, and my iPod.''' ,'''When it comes to meals, there's always a fantastic choice on British Airways.''' ,'''Wear comfortable clothes when you fly; my preference is T-shirt and jeans.''' ,'''A big part of what I wanted to do with this character was go from when I was a boy and try and develop into a man, really try and play him as a man who is on this search, on a journey of personal, spiritual, political, social discovery.''' ,'''I think that its easy to think of the environment as all doom and gloom and that, 'What can we do, it's too late. And the polar bears are gone, and everything is gone.' But really, just the little steps that we can make as individuals make a big difference.''' ,'''I'm sure I was a great disappointment to many women because I wasn't Errol Flynn. But I'm me. I think that's got some merit.''' ,'''I think it's important if you are an actor, if you are portraying human life, you have to connect with what is human. It's not easy if you spend a lot of time in L.A. and get sucked into the hedonism of the industry.''' ,'''Whatever happens in life is fine - just trust in that.''' ,'''Attraction doesn't stop when a child is born. It's the opposite. Being a mum and dad makes you even sexier.''' ,'''The world throws you out of your body, especially the cyberworld.''' ,'''I'm looking at doing things that challenge me.''' ,'''The truth is - I found myself doing these huge action-adventure movies, and um, and which are cool man. And I really love doing them. And thankfully I haven't had too much dialogue, because if I had I would have really made a mess of it. You know what I mean?''' ,'''I came back out here from England and I was there for a while and it was beautiful and it is just great to see London going from Spring to Summer and Autumn.''' ,'''I am a hopeless romantic and I love to spoil my girlfriends.''' ,'''As a young actor, I found myself in all these movies at once, with two big trilogies and a Cameron Crowe film and working with Ridley Scott a couple of times.''' ,'''My first priority is trying to protect my family.''' ,'''Obviously I always wanted to do a contemporary piece.''' ,'''I crave working on those small independent movies because I love going to see those myself.''' ,'''My baby is amazing; even his head smells amazing. His breath, the whole thing, you could eat him! He's a big, beautiful boy. He's great.''' ,'''I look forward to working with UNICEF as they continue to make the world a better place for children.''' ,'''I'm completely in love with the idea of love.''' ,'''Obviously, I'm not a singer. I don't consider myself a singer.''' ,'''I have good spacial awareness, and I'm pretty comfortable with a sword.''' ,'''I think it's sort of a rite of passage for a British actor to try and get the American accent and have a good crack at doing that.''' ,'''Everybody thinks I'm very clean and sort of upright, don't they?''' ,'''When I finished the trilogy of 'Pirates of the Caribbean' movies, I had a gear shift and thought, 'I need to take a moment to smell the roses.'''' ,'''Shakespeare is a wonderful language to speak, but it's also a world to get your mind into thematically.''' ,'''Actors don't really get into their stride until they're in their late 30s and 40s.''' ,'''I am a Buddhist.''' ,'''I had the training at drama school where I studied Shakespeare and Brecht and Chekov and all these period historical playwrights and I think that I responded to the material.''' ,'''I feel real confidence in working on the stage.''' ,'''Until this movie I have played a boxer, a cowboy, a knight, a prince, an elf and a pirate. I am so glad to have done all of that already, and am ready for this phase of my career.''' ,'''I would love to have played Gollum.''' ,'''Talk about your problems. There's no need to feel shy. It's always good to talk about issues that concern you.''' ,'''What's weird is having your mother fly in on an aeroplane with your face on the side of it.''' ,'''I want to play James Bond - are you kidding me? I'm putting my name in the ring!''' ,'''When I saw the first I couldn't believe I was in another great movie that would be made into a trilogy. This movie is quite visible and I think it will stand the test of time. I think kids and parents will love this movie for a long time.''' ,'''I've never been a great one for technology.''' ,'''The process of making a movie is what I love. I thrive on that. It's an exciting miracle, a mad adventure. I love being part of it.''' ,'''Legolas is that kind of action elf who pouts a bit, stares off to the distance, and has a couple hero moments, killing with a lethal bow and arrow along the way.''' ,'''Elves are cool, man.''' ,'''I'm always amazed at anyone's interest in what I have to say.''' ,'''Now my favourite pastime is to take a bath with my son.''' ,'''Success can allow you to try for greatness, can give you an opportunity to take a chance on something. I'm very blessed to have the success that I've had, and that's given me so many opportunities to work on being great.''' ,'''Sofia Coppola is wonderful, and I'd love to work with her.''' ,'''I'm trying to mix the cool, independent stuff with the big stuff, but it's been difficult finding the right roles. It's been an interesting ride as far as my career pendulum is concerned.''' ,'''I don't buy art to put away somewhere. I buy art to appreciate, enjoy, and live with. It's supposed to add to your life.''' ,'''My cousin once told me, 'You're tall, you're handsome - and you're gonna have to apologize for it the rest of your life.' He imparted that information to me.''' ,'''I'm old-school English, so I suppose I'm quite protective - especially of time. Now that I'm a father, every moment is precious.''' ,'''Being a gentleman is a worthy goal.''' ,'''Yeah, I mean the material, directors, the other cast, and if you think you can do something with the character then you do it and go from there. I am looking forward to doing some smaller movies.''' ,'''I have always found myself playing the hero, but I love villains. Villains have more fun.''' ,'''You see movie stars advertising all sorts of things today for whatever reason. And it may be that it affords them the luxury to do smaller movies or to go and do a play. Because, otherwise, you have to keep doing movies where you get paid millions and millions of dollars to maintain a certain lifestyle.''' ,'''I just want to have a nice, happy life.''' ,'''When I was prepping for my Broadway debut as Romeo, it really hit me that I had never done that. I had trained at drama school for three years in my late teens to early 20s, and I'd studied Shakespeare, of course, but I hadn't actually performed it. So to do something like Romeo for my first Broadway role was a challenge.''' ,'''I came out of drama school thinking I'd do some theatre, maybe some television, and maybe, someday, a film.''' ,'''As a child, I was always drawn to heroic characters. I decided I wanted to act when I realised that Superman and all those gangsters and Indians were just real people in costume.''' ,'''As an actor, you can't think about the end result or the fame; you just have to focus on the day you're in. You have no control over the finished product, what people will think of it, so all you have is the experience of making it, and you have to stay focused on that.''' ,'''I've done all these historical epics and chivalrous roles, but there's an odder, quirkier side to me that nobody knows about.''' ,'''Life is about balance, and we all have to make the effort in areas that we can to enable us to make a difference.''' ,'''Someone tried to save my soul in a gas station.''' ,'''I have played a boxer, a cowboy, a knight, a prince, an elf and a pirate. I am so glad to have done all of that already.''' ,'''I'm quite sensitive to women. I saw how my sister got treated by boyfriends. I read this thing that said when you are in a relationship with a woman, imagine how you would feel if you were her father. That's been my approach, for the most part.''' ,'''Elves live in harmony with the world, and I try to do that.''' ,'''I'm so happy to have been a part of that process and I would go straight back into the desert in a ton of chain mail for Ridley any day of the week. He's an amazing director and I can't wait to see the long version.''' ,'''I'm still at the beginning of my career. It's all a little new, and I'm still learning as I go.''' ,'''A friend told me that teenage girls are always looking for someone to pin their dreams on. That doesn't make it any less weird though.''' ,'''I'm not interested in celebrity.''' ,'''I don't like to talk about girlfriend stuff. It's not necessary. I try to keep my relationships separate from everything else.''' ,'''I never responded to teaching.''' ,'''I have a personal little routine that I do in my dressing room just to kind of get myself mentally prepared to go on stage, and part of that is a poem that I read to myself.''' ,'''Mark Ruffalo is just an amazing guy and an amazing director.''' ,'''People come into your life and people leave it... you just have to trust that life has a road mapped out for you.''' ,'''I don't want to be a pretty boy.''' ,'''I think a film set is a quite controlled environment and you feel like you can trust them and it is going to be a safe place to work, but I really don't think about it.''' ,'''Legolas is fantastic to dress up in - of course he is - and I've had the best time playing him.''' ,'''You can't date if you're famous. That's how it seems to me.''' ,'''Having people jumping in front of you taking a photo can be unnerving.''' ,'''I wondered how they would top the Pirates and skeletons and moonlight, because that's a pretty cool concept.''' ,'''I had studied theater for three years in London when someone suggested me for the role.''' ,'''The world produces enough food for everyone. Why are one billion people going hungry?''' ,'''Men treat men differently than they would a woman.''' ,'''When you start to live your dream, it's not quite what you thought it was because there is a lot of overwhelming stuff that comes on top of it, and you have to figure it all out.''' ,'''When I'm in the U.K. - and I'm here more than people would think - I tend to keep a very low profile.''' ,'''I have flown with British Airways since I was a very little child, so it feels quite special to have gone from family holidays flying around Europe to become a gold card holder and be spoiled enough to travel more than not in first class.''' ,'''I've lived a very nomadic life, which I enjoy.''' ,'''I was quite fearless as a kid. But I've had to realize I'm not invincible. That's what breaking your back does. It makes you grow up and reassess life.''' ,'''Although it is a fantasy film, it's as real as it can be. You have to imagine that an audience will buy their ticket to a cinema and get on a first-class flight and journey to Middle Earth.''' ,'''If you were to ask everyone what 'Hamlet' was about, they might say, "It's about a prince, and he says, 'To be or not to be.'"''' ,'''I feel really privileged to be an actor, to be paid to do something I love.''' ,'''I still like to walk around and take photographs, but it's hard to do that if a lot of people are looking at you.''' ,'''Lord of the Rings was my first experience making movies and at the time, I had no ideas how movies were done. I thought that's the way they're done, so in a way, I had nothing to compare it to.''' ,'''Low budget movies make lots of money.''' ,'''I missed my home - like the physicality of my home, I missed my friends and my family mostly and just hanging out and being in your home country - culturally it feels right and that is what I miss.''' ,'''Drama class was one of the only areas at school I responded to.''' ,'''If life isn't about human beings and living in harmony, then I don't know what it's about.''' ,'''Pilates is great.''' ,'''When you're young and you're in love and it doesn't work out - it hurts.''' ,'''When you start falling for somebody and you can't stop thinking about when you're going to see them again, I love that. Women are beautiful. They deserve to be cherished and respected.''' ,'''You don't improvise with a Cameron Crowe script.''' ,'''My childhood was kind of complicated. I have an older sister, but my father, my mother's husband, died when I was four years old. So I only had my mum and sister, really.''' ,'''Steve McQueen is my style hero. He's just cool, isn't he?''' ,'''Wanting to be a rock star, I get it. I'm like, 'Oh, my God, dude! The freedom!'''' ,'''The philosophy of Buddhism is connected to everything. So it probably does have some connection with acting, yes.''' ,'''I don't want to do only blockbusters.''' ,'''I used to ride motorbikes and drive cars like everything was a racetrack; it was ridiculous. It wasn't because I thought it was cool; it was just because I loved living on the edge. But I've chilled.''' ,'''Vig used to call me 'Elf boy', and I'd call him 'filthy human'. As an Elf, I never got a scratch on me, never got dirty. And Vig would come out with blood and sweat all over him. And he'd say to me, 'Oh, go manicure your nails.'''' ,]
+++