+++
author = "Harris Faulkner"
title = "Harris Faulkner Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Harris Faulkner Quotes"
keywords = "harris faulkner,harris faulkner quotes,harris faulkner quote,harris faulkner sayings,harris faulkner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you're in Kansas City and it's game day, there is nothing going on but game day.''' ,'''People often ask how my hair has that supreme fullness even at midnight. Here's a trick that one of our Fox News stylists taught me: Backcomb your hair just at the crown for height, and then put a large velcro roller there and wear it for as long as you can. I keep rollers in until showtime.''' ,'''At the end of the day, we can talk about anything but we have to be respectful.''' ,'''I was always tenacious.''' ,'''When I was a little girl, my father, who was a high-ranking officer, pilot, and an avionics specialist in the United States military, would hoist me up onto the elevator - the flight control surface located at the tail of his airplane. From up there I could get a glimpse of the world as he saw it.''' ,'''I think you kind of facilitate civil conversation no matter how heated you think it could get by telling everybody and showing them that you mean what you say when you value all sides.''' ,'''On a daily basis I'm covering things that are leaking out of the White House and leaking out what should be closed-door meetings on the Hill. That is not integrity.''' ,'''Candidates seeking the highest office in our government deserve the opportunity to be fully heard.''' ,'''I'm not Pollyanna. Nobody has a magic wand.''' ,'''I am profoundly grateful for the opportunities he gave me and not once have I ever been ashamed to say these five words: Roger Ailes believes in me.''' ,'''I tell you what, if somebody gives you the opportunity to live your dream, wouldn't you want to do it for a lot of hours?''' ,'''My dad was ex-military, so I was raised to always know about current events, particularly what was going on with the military and government. And I always loved storytelling.''' ,'''It's not annoying to get a compliment.''' ,'''We're very tech light in our house.''' ,'''Can you name a state in the United States that doesn't get some interesting weather every now and then? No!''' ,'''In the past, the biggest mistake I've made has been trying to treat election night like the first and last time anyone will ever see me on TV. I've worn dresses that were more prom time than primetime.''' ,'''You don't get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate.''' ,'''I married an amazing guy.''' ,'''I hope that people look at me and think that I'm good at my job.''' ,'''I know enough to know every time a cable show beats a broadcast show... you've attracted people outside the scope of what you normally reach.''' ,'''I challenge you to go and turn on the other cable networks to find a face like mine in primetime.''' ,'''Dozens of Democrats appear on Fox News each month. If it were not worth their time and energy to debate, converse and display their experience and governing styles to millions of voters who happen to watch Fox News, wouldn't they all just line up at others' broadcast booths on Capitol Hill?''' ,'''Technology has made our lives both more efficient and more demanding.''' ,'''Being given the honorary rank of brat is the armed services' way of saying thank you to us kids for having grit too. They understand that when one member of a family joins the military, the whole family bears the weight of their service.''' ,'''I knew from a very young age that I was going to use my voice. I've basically sounded like this since I was 9.''' ,'''When the Murdoch family leadership chose Suzanne Scott to lead Fox News who had been at the channel for a number of years and knew inside and out, the system of winning, I was excited.''' ,'''Regardless of what all the research says about don't talk about politics at work, people are talking about what they see on the news.''' ,'''Here's what I know: My rise and success have been a direct result of the merits and fabulous opportunities from mentors, including Roger Ailes. Without him, my journey would be quite different. He has changed the arc of my career. He believed in me when people who looked like me were not in network news.''' ,'''I get flak from everybody, which is how I know I'm living my truth.''' ,'''Having a CEO, having that person run a news corporation who's female, is already a talking point.''' ,'''I grew up military but have met very few women that have a mission plan for when things don't work out. I attack everything like that.''' ,'''If anybody can harm you, it's going to be the people who are closest.''' ,'''We have a lot of interesting, talented women at Fox News.''' ,'''It is well documented that Fox News has the audience demographics that other networks thirst for.''' ,'''I'm sure it won't surprise you to learn that I kept a diary - actually, quite a number of them over the years.''' ,'''My mother gave birth to me at Fort McPherson in Atlanta, Georgia. A short while later we were living in Stuttgart, Germany.''' ,'''The prominence of the market I guess is important to some people. For me, it was less about the number and more about the opportunities that might open up in that market. One of the questions I wanted to know about that next job was, what's your weather like? I am into the weather!''' ,'''Americans need to be engaged and invested in the legislative process that affects their daily lives, otherwise we are just democracy in name only.''' ,'''I'm living my dream totally! I mean, my career dream, my home-life dream with the two kids and the hubby. And my familial dream outside of that was for my Mom to see me host my own weekday show and she didn't live to see that but her partner of 57 years did.''' ,'''My husband is Jewish.''' ,'''Sometimes you will hear me say right on the air, 'You just cited a poll that is not even part of Real Clear Politics,' which is an average, an aggregate. Yours is seeming to be an outlier. Give me the name of that poll and the date that it was taken. I will say it right on the air.''' ,'''I believe in diversity in thought, in culture, and all sort of things.''' ,'''One thing every Army pilot knows is that there is no such thing as a routine mission.''' ,'''I'm all of those things that I was brought up to really value: honesty, stick with it, don't quit, don't cut and run, stay in there. When you think things might fall apart, believe that you have enough for victory. That's the stuff I have in me.''' ,'''Getting into network television was tougher than I thought it was gonna be.''' ,'''My dad was stationed at the Pentagon when I was like middle-school age. He was support for the Joint Chiefs of Staff; his boss was Colin Powell.''' ,'''We want eyeballs on the screen.''' ,'''One of the things I love about Fox News is that it looks at something and tries to figure out how it can be useful in the journey and bring everybody else along and lead the way.''' ,'''For young people I like to talk about unleashing your integrity, because I tie it to social media and how careful we have to be about being consistent online with who we really are.''' ,'''We in the media accept the responsibility of what we do.''' ,'''My kids really still share the one thing that I think is life-changing, and that's eye contact with me. As they've gotten older, I have made it a priority to continue that.''' ,'''I have a certain perspective and intolerance for people who try to twist and bend whatever the truth might be.''' ,'''Sometimes the most motivated person to change something is the one being held accountable at the moment.''' ,'''I do believe that this country is the greatest on this planet and that we can come together and get great answers together.''' ,'''Outnumbered Overtime' began as an online extension to the then-brand new hit, 'Outnumbered.' My goal was to turn an interactive, chat room type show into a source for news and compelling interviews.''' ,'''It benefits my girls to see a mommy who is living her dream.''' ,'''As I got older, my mother taught me to remember that your connection with people is based on what you're allowing them to touch about you, which was the opposite of what you get as a military kid, because dad's in a uniform. He's official; you don't poke that. But with mom, you do: Always question authority.''' ,'''Sometimes I get slammed because I work at Fox and I am black. People are like, 'How could you work there? Who are you?' People really want to know what are your politics personally. Some of them, not everybody.''' ,'''The greatest skill that I have is what the viewer has: I listen. I try to listen silently.''' ,'''My dad was a fighter pilot with the 210th Combat Aviation in Vietnam.''' ,'''When a black church is hit in South Carolina by someone with hate in their spirit, that's something that touches all of America, but as a person of color, I see that story even through a deeper prism of, 'Gosh, that takes us back to a time when black churches were targets in this country.'''' ,'''My mom cautioned me not to become a gossip! I was always up in people's business. People told me stuff... even when I didn't ask and I channeled my story gathering and good sources into a hunger for the news.''' ,'''The Navy Seals don't travel with 200 people, they wouldn't be able to execute the kind of tip-of-the-spear missions they do.''' ,'''Unfortunately, we've reached a point in society where we don't mind staying mad at each other for awhile. It wasn't always like that.''' ,'''My father, a Vietnam War pilot, used to tell me that the only really bad decisions are the ones you stick to even when you get facts that support a change in the mission.''' ,'''Local news taught me to take each moment as one of extreme importance - don't waste people's time. Give them solid information in a compelling fashion so they will remember it and use it in their lives.''' ,'''We just work hard to win the viewers respect and trust every single day.''' ,'''Having a parent who served in the military has made me a better journalist.''' ,'''Remembering growing up on U.S. Army bases stateside and abroad, the Star-Spangled Banner was played at important occasions... and often. It was the first song I learned the lyrics to.''' ,'''I got to travel to some pretty awesome places, learn other people's customs, and see what works in their world differently than in ours.''' ,'''The thing that I really love to do, that I now only do in the shower, is to sing the national anthem.''' ,'''We become like the five people we spend most of our time with; Oh, we've got to be picky, and you might have to fire a few people who don't belong in that inner circle because they can't help you be your best and further your purpose.''' ,'''If there is something I don't know and I suspect that I need clarification and so does the viewer, I just ask for it.''' ,'''My mission in life is to get to heaven, so the people I have in my inner circle I don't allow to do the 'rule breaking' that we know as Christians we can't.''' ,'''I liked the remake of 'Ghostbusters.'''' ,'''The U.S. military is known the world over for its advanced technology as well as the prowess, skill, and dedication of its service members. When you grow up in the company of its leaders, as I did, you understand that this greatness is something that is cultivated.''' ,'''To get a presidential tweet from the Commander-in-Chief about a military book that you've written is pretty awesome. And it wouldn't matter where that person's politics would be, it's the President of the United States.''' ,'''Downtime for me is just when I can sit still.''' ,'''You have a finite amount of people who watch at a certain time every day. But when you have that kind of success that 'Outnumbered Overtime' continues to have, it's gotta be a broader audience. I'm really thrilled about that.''' ,'''You need to know how to put a mission together to victory!''' ,'''Every soldier I've ever met knows that you've got to do more than just run out onto the battlefield screaming, 'We're going to win!'''' ,'''When you see me up on a breaking-news story, it is not good news. I'm not about to give you the secret to my mom's sweet potato pie.''' ,'''My purpose has broadened. My purpose now is to help as many people rise as possible, and it doesn't matter whether they're women or men. But that sense of value that we have as individuals, I think informs us and helps us to treat each other better.''' ,'''I think it's impossible to be up close with people and to ask them to let you in if you're fake.''' ,'''My father made many narrow escapes during his time in Vietnam.''' ,'''I wrote for my university newspaper and went on to freelance for a Los Angeles publication in my first months after graduating from UC Santa Barbara. I also interned at a couple of TV stations in the L.A. area.''' ,'''I may not have served myself, but I grew up witnessing service, and it was perhaps my most foundational experience. For a little background, I'm what's called a brat in military circles.''' ,'''I'm pretty disciplined. But your brain needs boredom. It needs routine.''' ,'''President Trump has made political news interesting and necessary for people to follow.''' ,'''I always wear my signature 5- to 5-and-a-half-inch heels.''' ,'''It's social media. You can't be thin-skinned.''' ,'''I see a lot of moms and dads frustrated because their kids have their devices at the dinner table and they can't seem to get their attention as much as they used to.''' ,'''I am tasked with being that voice of calm and reason and disseminating the facts as we understand and know them.''' ,'''I'm curious when I look across the dial Monday through Friday, you know, where are the other female black anchors?''' ,'''I feel really blessed to work in a place that values me for what I bring as a journalist and as a professional storyteller and navigator of the news. But I also know that they appreciate about me, my perspective as a woman, as a black woman.''' ,'''I love the energy and urgency of working in news.''' ,'''Even though I'm just over 5'9'', heels make me feel feminine and fierce.''' ,'''I'm a motivational speaker, so I'm going to look at something in as much of a positive way as possible.''' ,]
+++