+++
author = "Marc Wallice"
title = "Marc Wallice Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Marc Wallice Quotes"
keywords = "marc wallice,marc wallice quotes,marc wallice quote,marc wallice sayings,marc wallice saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I hear that Brooke Ashley is also pressing charges. I don't know how she can prove anything. How can they prove anything, whether it's true or not, that I'm the one that infected her?''' ,'''I was as big as I have ever been. I had a personal trainer and was working out. I was feeling good. I was muscular. I had never weighed more than 155 pounds.''' ,'''I just put myself in a hotel and was smoking coke for a while. Then I met up with the wrong people. I ended up getting in a hassle. I had to call the police and get myself arrested or get attacked, ripped off and got to jail. So I called the cops on them and myself.''' ,'''I got nothing. I got my shoes and my pants. I'm staying with a friend. I stop by my mother's every once in a while to get my calls. I don't want to be anywhere anybody can find me.''' ,'''I'm done in this business, that's for sure.''' ,'''Tom Byron is my friend. JJ Michaels is my friend. I haven't heard from him. I don't know what he believes. A couple of other have called but I haven't called them back.''' ,'''I could never gain much weight. I've always had a fast metabolism.''' ,'''If I knew I was positive, why would I have ever gone to PAW to take a test?''' ,'''I've been making the best movies at Elegant Angel since Tom Byron left.''' ,'''Now I walk around with my head down, trying to hide, thinking that everybody knows that I inflicted people with HIV, because that is all they are going to read.''' ,'''I still have my talent to produce and direct.''' ,'''That wasn't because of money, it was because I had a job for the next two days and wanted to work. So I faked a test. That was over two years ago. Why has there been no issue about it since then?''' ,'''My father was gone when I was three years old.''' ,'''I went into rehab December 14th, 1996, and got out eight months later? Then I went into a sober living place where I stayed for three months. I've been clean for a good year and a half.''' ,'''But nobody is listening to those points. They are just listening to the gossip which is saying that I knew I was positive for all these years because I had a faked test a few years ago.''' ,'''With what all these people are saying, do you think that anybody wants to be around me? They all think that I did this on purpose? That I knew that I was positive, for so many years? I feel now that I'm going to be attacked if anybody sees me or if I go to the office.''' ,'''I'm thinking of going to programming school. Learn how to sit down at any computer and learn to do anything on it. That's all I have left and have interest in.''' ,'''Nobody could've ever known I was positive because I didn't know.''' ,'''I live a dramatic life, it's just not on TV yet.''' ,'''The world knows already, they just don't have a picture up there or I'll spend the rest of my life in exile. It's hard to do that when you don't have any money.''' ,]
+++