+++
author = "Kevin Nash"
title = "Kevin Nash Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Kevin Nash Quotes"
keywords = "kevin nash,kevin nash quotes,kevin nash quote,kevin nash sayings,kevin nash saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you go to an ATM for a hundred dollars and it keeps spitting twenties, when would you walk away? When it wasn't spitting twenties no more. As long as you can take the money out, you'd stay there. That's what the wrestling business is like.''' ,'''I'm 53, and it's hard to get to the gym every day. If I know on Friday I'm going to be wrestling, then I don't want to look bad, so it gives me motivation. Plus, once you're in motion, it's a lot easier to stay in motion.''' ,'''I'm so super-critical of everything that I do.''' ,'''When my hair is dyed, I feel like I'm 35 again.''' ,'''I'm one of those people who can't watch themselves do anything. I could never watch myself wrestle. I've probably watched a handful of my matches. I never could watch myself. Even when I played college basketball, I hated film days... 'Oh God, I'm gonna watch myself screw up.' I'm just one of those people who can't watch their work.''' ,'''When you're in that upper echelon in wrestling, any movie you take is gonna be a pay cut. If you're gone for three months and they pay you 150 grand, you're getting killed.''' ,'''I've always been into bodybuilding and keeping in shape, and I just challenge myself to see if I can continue to make improvements.''' ,'''A guy my size needs a tremendous amount of protein on a daily basis, just to maintain peak size, strength, and performance. Basically, that means six or seven small meals a day, so I depend on protein supplementation.''' ,'''The world is a mess. It seems that life gets harder on a personal level each and every day. Hug and kiss those you love every day. You never know when the tragedies of this world may visit your life.''' ,'''I'm a Detroit kid who grew up with that assembly line mentality: You go to work to make money.''' ,'''When you do RAW or Wrestlemania or a PPV where there's 10,000 people or more, you don't necessarily look at the people. The only time there's a realization that there's that many people is when you walk to the ring. Once you get in the ring, your focus is only on the ring, and maybe the front few rows.''' ,'''Everyone wants to call wrestling 'the business.' Why don't you treat it like a business? I don't care if you're running a diner, if you're running a car wash or a wrestling company. It's all business.''' ,'''Scott Hall is a great wrestler, a better friend, but more than anything a very caring human being. Scott never passed a homeless person or someone in need without opening his wallet. This is a guy that has the first two nickels he ever made.''' ,'''In professional wrestling, I think that they want you to be bigger than life. It's almost like an over-acting type thing - whereas on the big screen, you're 35 feet and they've got a close-up of you to put it on the screen in the movie house. At 35 feet, it's more subtlety than the overboard drama that we do in pro wrestling.''' ,'''It's gone on my whole life, this David and Goliath syndrome that a lot of these smaller guys always have. They think the only reason I've ever had any success in my career is because of my physical size. And you know what? If that's the case, so be it. I really don't care. Because I have that size.''' ,]
+++