+++
author = "Denis Kearney"
title = "Denis Kearney Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Denis Kearney Quotes"
keywords = "denis kearney,denis kearney quotes,denis kearney quote,denis kearney sayings,denis kearney saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Will he get a place for his oldest boy? He can not. His girl? Why, the Chinaman is in her place too!''' ,'''We are with you in this work. Workingmen must form a party of their own, take charge of the government, dispose gilded fraud, and put honest toil in power.''' ,'''California must be all American or all Chinese. We are resolved that it shall be American, and are prepared to make it so. May we not rely upon your sympathy and assistance?''' ,'''They have stolen the public lands. They have grasped all to themselves, and by their unprincipled greed brought a crisis of unparalleled distress on forty millions of people, who have natural resources to feed, clothe and shelter the whole human race.''' ,'''They have seized upon the government by bribery and corruption. They have made speculation and public robbery a science. They have loaded the nation, the state, the county, and the city with debt.''' ,'''To add to our misery and despair, a bloated aristocracy has sent to China - the greatest and oldest despotism in the world - for a cheap working slave.''' ,'''There are a few Chinese smuggled in over the borders of British Columbia on the north and Mexico on the south.''' ,'''They are imported by companies, controlled as serfs, worked like slaves, and at last go back to China with all their earnings. They are in every place, they seem to have no sex. Boys work, girls work; it is all alike to them.''' ,'''We are men, and propose to live like men in this free land, without the contamination of slave labor, or die like men, if need be, in asserting the rights of our race, our country, and our families.''' ,'''Our moneyed men have ruled us for the past thirty years. Under the flag of the slaveholder they hoped to destroy our liberty.''' ,'''As you suggested I have in the following disputed certain passages, trusting you will do me the justice either to modify the same or add a note in the new edition stating that I dispute,' etc.''' ,'''We know that if gold, if fraud, if force can defeat us, they will all be used. And we have resolved that they shall not defeat us. We shall arm. We shall meet fraud and falsehood with defiance, and force with force, if need be.''' ,'''A few men own from ten thousand to two hundred thousand acres each. The poor Laborer can find no resting place, save on the barren mountain, or in the trackless desert.''' ,]
+++