+++
author = "Imogen Poots"
title = "Imogen Poots Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Imogen Poots Quotes"
keywords = "imogen poots,imogen poots quotes,imogen poots quote,imogen poots sayings,imogen poots saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love America a lot. I really do.''' ,'''If I'm really honest, I'm not a huge fan of scary films.''' ,'''My dad moved to London in his early 20s and didn't really go back. So the irony is I've spent lots and lots of time in Ireland, but not with my dad. I've shot films in Belfast, where he's from. And I've shot in Dun Laoghaire. Which is great. And I've shot in Dublin.''' ,'''I love art, but not in a cliched, luvvie way.''' ,'''You collect people to take with you. Some people change, other people don't... it's wonderful because I've met some incredible friends.''' ,'''With 'That Awkward Moment', you could argue I'm just playing the girlfriend of Zac Efron, but the director was such a creative force and let me make her my own. I loved being part of something that felt so relevant and fresh.''' ,''''Fright Night' I can just about deal with. Because the original is such a 1980s extravaganza. Which is a good thing. Obviously. But something like 'The Others' or anything psychological: I'm no good with that. I don't like it when there's space for me to use my imagination.''' ,'''San Francisco, coolest place ever.''' ,'''I'm not a huge fan of scary movies, but I love doing them because your character arc gets condensed, and everything is elevated, and so you kind of have this amazing opportunity to go in many different places.''' ,'''You have to think about what you want to do. There is nothing to say that you should study from the age of 20 to 23. I learnt more on a film set at 17 than in the classroom.''' ,'''I don't think I've ever met any single person who has been vulgar. But you know, you learn along the way that some people are going to be very generous, and other people... It's just not innate within them. Sometimes I think you just have to decide if you're going to stand up and get on with it or if you're going to be crushed and threatened.''' ,'''I'm a big Johnny Cash girl. And I love singers like Laura Marling and Joanna Newsom.''' ,'''I was about 14 when I started with a theater group; it was like a stage group on the weekends alongside school. And it was run by a group of guys who'd been to drama school themselves in London. So they introduced us to techniques that they'd learn about, and they kind of informed us about improvisation and screenwriting and all of that stuff.''' ,'''I'm lucky in that I have close friends and family and my agent to advise me.''' ,'''If a role has been too one-dimensional, I have turned it down.''' ,'''I can scare myself like a pro.''' ,'''I was very aware of Jeff Buckley. My brother actually bought me The Mamas And The Papas and Jeff Buckley for my birthday when I was in my early teens.''' ,'''You can tell when someone is putting on a role. If someone really believes in what they're saying, it's quite hard to find cracks.''' ,'''I still try to be a feminist in some tiny way.''' ,'''It is a difficult one, as you get scripts where women are just objects.''' ,'''There's a lot of interviews now where nobody seems to talk about anything. Like it's illegal. But it can be fun if you stay involved. Like most conversations.''' ,'''It's kind of funny, with all of the different outlets that come from acting that you could try, I would love to direct and kind of be involved in art direction, too.''' ,'''I generally try and have great days, because I feel very lucky to be doing what I'm doing.''' ,'''I find the aristocratic parts of London so unattractive and angular; the architecture is so white and gated. But in New York, it's different - even uptown it's really grand, and there's no real segregation there. It's all mixed up.''' ,'''I love my real mom and dad; I love them both equally.''' ,'''There is more for women in terms of character roles now. Judi Dench and Maggie Smith have constantly changed over the years and challenged themselves with different roles. That's impressive.''' ,'''I do think 'All Is by My Side' is the type of film I'm the most happiest.''' ,'''The business is so international now; you'll be working on an American film, and you'll start chatting to someone, and it's like: 'Oh, you're English, too.'''' ,'''Seriously, I don't think there's any right way to do anything apart from if you're just being you; then it's a sincere situation.''' ,'''I really love the '90s. I love the music from then for sure, and to go back to New York then would be a really wonderful thing.''' ,'''I do admit to being slightly in love with Christopher Walken.''' ,'''Unfortunately, Poots is the name that I've been graced with for my life, but it's not short for anything - apart from Imogen Poots.''' ,'''I never personalize anything because I think that can be dangerous. For me, the best way is - this may sound pretentious - but it's to breathe the character and get into the psychology of it.''' ,'''I do think 'All Is by My Side' is the type of film I'm the most happiest. You know, I'm figuring it out. I did just move to New York, so I have to pay my rent.''' ,'''You've got these big studio films and these tiny independent films now. It's very much either/or. With the independent films, it's always a beautiful risk - it might never be seen. With the studio films, you're conforming to the formula of what's always been in place.''' ,'''I don't think anything's ever simple. Everyone's just trying to understand each other, and whether that's because you're in a relationship or because you're meeting their friends or because their meeting your brother or whatever it is, nothing like that is ever smooth running.''' ,'''I'd say a good couple of my closest male friends are directors.''' ,]
+++