+++
author = "Jimmy Garoppolo"
title = "Jimmy Garoppolo Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Jimmy Garoppolo Quotes"
keywords = "jimmy garoppolo,jimmy garoppolo quotes,jimmy garoppolo quote,jimmy garoppolo sayings,jimmy garoppolo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I set pretty high expectations for myself,and I hold myself to a pretty high standard.''' ,'''You see guys in the NFL when you're younger, and you try to model your game after that.''' ,'''I think of the important things: how to prepare, how to practice, how to prepare to practice.''' ,'''As a quarterback, you always believe in yourself. You always know you can do things.''' ,'''My time in New England was great. I thank them for everything.''' ,'''I started playing quarterback my junior year of high school.''' ,'''You try to say every week that you're facing a faceless opponent. No matter who it is, you want to have the same mindset, no matter what type of game it is - first game of the season, last game of the season.''' ,'''That's why we all play the game. You want to be a player; you want to be out there to play.''' ,'''You can always play better.''' ,'''You don't want to come in and be phony and be someone you're not.''' ,'''It's one of those things: you can't really control how much you play or when you play, but when your number's called, I think if you make the most of your opportunities in this league, that's what makes good players. That's what I've tried to do in my short time being a starter, and good things have come from it.''' ,'''You never know when your time is going to come, if it's going to come, so when it does, you have to take advantage of it.''' ,'''Stay single as long as you can - you'll be married the rest of your life.''' ,'''Just like my agent had told me, Tom Brady is a really cool, down to earth guy.''' ,'''I think everything that happens, happens for a reason.''' ,'''I think there's a special relationship between the center and quarterback.''' ,'''There's not much simplifying. You gotta know what you gotta know. That's how the quarterback position is, and I wouldn't have it any other way.''' ,'''I like to think I'm pretty close in comparison to Aaron Rodgers. He's very athletic and gets the ball out quickly. He's very knowledgeable of the game, controls the offense totally, and that's something I try to do. Just know the offense inside and out.''' ,'''Football, at the end of the day, is a little kids' game that grown men get to play. I'm just privileged to get to do that every day.''' ,'''That's been the dream since you were a little kid growing up. You want to be the guy playing in the Super Bowl. It's what you live for, really.''' ,'''By making yourself better, that's how you make your team better.''' ,'''There's different ways to win in this league. It's not always going to be pretty.''' ,]
+++