+++
author = "Johnny Weissmuller"
title = "Johnny Weissmuller Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Johnny Weissmuller Quotes"
keywords = "johnny weissmuller,johnny weissmuller quotes,johnny weissmuller quote,johnny weissmuller sayings,johnny weissmuller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When people don't know me any more or want my autograph, then I'll think about retiring.''' ,'''All the guys called the Olympic Village a high-class Boy Scout camp.''' ,'''I learned to yodel pretty well. It took me a few months, but I eventually perfected it.''' ,'''Can you imagine - a blond Tarzan?''' ,'''I need freedom to be happy.''' ,'''I could make good time because I was so long and skinny, shooting through the water like a stick.''' ,'''I never lost a freestyle race. Never. Not even in the YMCA.''' ,'''Swimming gave me my start, but my pal Tarzan did the real work. He set me up nicely.''' ,'''Treat your body well, and it'll see you through for many years.''' ,'''No marriage can stand up under the strain of incessant association.''' ,'''The William Morris Agency handled me. In that business, you're only as good as your last picture.''' ,'''We didn't have the lane ropes, we had to get up higher in the water to avoid the little waves.''' ,'''Throughout my career I swam for form. Speed came as a result of it.''' ,'''I have always been vitally interested in physical conditioning. I have long believed that athletic competition among people and nations should replace violence and wars.''' ,'''How can a guy climb trees, say Me Tarzan, You Jane, and make a million?''' ,'''With but few exceptions, it is always the underdog who wins through sheer willpower.''' ,'''The director sent for me for Tarzan. I climbed the tree and walked out on a limb. The next day I was told I was an actor.''' ,]
+++