+++
author = "Billie Jean King"
title = "Billie Jean King Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Billie Jean King Quotes"
keywords = "billie jean king,billie jean king quotes,billie jean king quote,billie jean king sayings,billie jean king saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I didn't really care if I had a coach that much, me personally, because I was brought up to think for myself.''' ,'''At 62 you want to keep moving; that's important.''' ,'''When we reach the point where the women athletes are getting their pick of dates just as easily as the men athletes, then we've really and truly arrived. Parity at last!''' ,'''It is very hard to be a female leader. While it is assumed that any man, no matter how tough, has a soft side... and female leader is assumed to be one-dimensional.''' ,'''When they take surveys of women in business, of the Fortune 500, the successful women, 80% of them, say they were in sports as a young woman.''' ,'''In 1973, women got 59 cents on the dollar; now we are getting 74 cents on the dollar. In the area of finance and business, we are at 68 cents on the dollar.''' ,'''I would just never out anybody. I think everyone has to find it in their own way and their own time.''' ,'''Martina and I went through a very bad five years. Everything's very good between us now, but it was a long haul.''' ,'''Women's sports is still in its infancy. The beginning of women's sports in the United States started in 1972, with the passage of Title 9 for girls to finally get athletic scholarships.''' ,'''Sports are a microcosm of society.''' ,'''Any therapist will tell you that when you're ready, you will come out. To be outed means you weren't ready.''' ,'''I was always in the tennis business-from 1968. I was in tournaments and also on World Team Tennis teams as well.''' ,'''I think younger players probably just think they are who they are-they don't think about coming out. Unless you're number one in the world, nobody cares, usually.''' ,'''I think self-awareness is probably the most important thing towards being a champion.''' ,'''I think it's impossible to judge whether another person should come out. You just hope they will on their own time and their own terms.''' ,'''I used to be told if I talked about my sexuality in any way that we wouldn't have a tennis tour.''' ,'''I always wanted to help make tennis a team sport.''' ,'''Martina's gone with people who don't want to be out, and it drives her crazy because she'd rather be open.''' ,'''Men still get a lot more opportunity. It is still a big part of the old boy network. They have more companies they can get money from.''' ,'''It's just really important that we start celebrating our differences. Let's start tolerating first, but then we need to celebrate our differences.''' ,'''Everyone has people in their lives that are gay, lesbian or transgender or bisexual. They may not want to admit it, but I guarantee they know somebody.''' ,'''Champions keep playing until they get it right.''' ,'''Be bold. If you're going to make an error, make a doozy, and don't be afraid to hit the ball.''' ,'''They're not put on earth to be martyrs; they have to want to come out. It depends on your culture, where you work, where you live. Each person's circumstances are unique.''' ,'''The old boy network is still very strong and very true. Just look at the stock exchange and how many men and women are there. It is still very much run by men.''' ,'''I always liked co-ed events best so we have two men and two women on each team.''' ,'''I have a lot to say, and if I'm not No. 1, I can't say it.''' ,'''Ever since that day when I was 11 years old, and I wasn't allowed in a photo because I wasn't wearing a tennis skirt, I knew that I wanted to change the sport.''' ,'''Sports teaches you character, it teaches you to play by the rules, it teaches you to know what it feels like to win and lose-it teaches you about life.''' ,'''I like putting money back into what made my life, and tennis has been great to me.''' ,'''If your partner wants to be private, you have to respect that.''' ,'''That is where the power, opportunity, and choice come from-when you have money. Money equals opportunity. There is no question.''' ,'''The main thing is to care. Care very hard, even if it is only a game you are playing.''' ,'''In 1973, a woman could not get a credit card without her husband or father or a male signing off on it.''' ,'''I knew after my first lesson what I wanted to do with my life.''' ,'''A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.''' ,'''A girl didn't get an athletic scholarship until the fall of 1972 for the very first time.''' ,'''Women get the attention when we get into the men's arena, and that's sad.''' ,'''When I was outed, it was like, That's done.''' ,'''I will tell you King's First Law of Recognition: You never get it when you want it, and then when it comes, you get too much.''' ,'''In the seventies we had to make it acceptable for people to accept girls and women as athletes. We had to make it okay for them to be active. Those were much scarier times for females in sports.''' ,'''I like entrepreneurial people; I like people who take risks.''' ,'''Victory is fleeting. Losing is forever.''' ,'''Men can have a huge turnover of sponsorship and still survive a lot better than the women. But the women's ratings are better, at least at home in the United States than in the men's tennis.''' ,'''There is no life for girls in team sports past Little League. I got into tennis when I realized this, and because I thought golf would be too slow for me, and I was too scared to swim.''' ,'''It's fun to meet people from throughout the world who you don't have to explain yourself to.''' ,'''Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity.''' ,'''No one changes the world who isn't obsessed.''' ,'''I wanted to use sports for social change.''' ,'''I love to promote our sport. I love grass-roots tennis. I love coaching. I love all parts of the sport. I love the business side.''' ,'''I would love to be a player today. I had the right personality for it.''' ,]
+++