+++
author = "Fetty Wap"
title = "Fetty Wap Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Fetty Wap Quotes"
keywords = "fetty wap,fetty wap quotes,fetty wap quote,fetty wap sayings,fetty wap saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It takes a lot of people hours to make music because they focus so much on one thing. I just do it, and I make something you can just vibe to.''' ,'''When you really work hard for something that you genuinely and truly love, and you don't want it to fail, it's a good feeling to see it do good.''' ,'''Don't let nobody tell you that you can't do it. Love what you do until you don't love it anymore. Nothing's impossible.''' ,'''I was always able to get money, but now it's a little bit more money, and I manage the same way. I just want to see my family do better.''' ,'''There's gonna be a lot of great songs, but there ain't going to be another 'Trap Queen.'''' ,'''I am my own mentor. I like to listen to myself to improve.''' ,'''I'm just really waiting for the music to get cooked the right way, and once it's cooked, I'm going to serve that meal that everybody's been waiting for.''' ,'''When I was little, I got into a little accident, and it gave me congenital glaucoma in both of my eyes.''' ,'''People don't really call me a rapper. They call me Mr. 'Trap Queen'. The 'Trap Queen' Guy.''' ,'''Gucci Mane is my favorite artist.''' ,'''Plans never go well for me. I just live every day like I ain't gonna live the next one.''' ,'''Oh man, I would definitely love to work with Kanye on something. But it really is all up to him, so whatever he wants to do, I'm with it.''' ,'''There's a lot of females that hustle, just like men hustle.''' ,'''I'm not really into the whole lyrics thing; I just like to make music that people like to listen to.''' ,'''I don't ever try to make a song better than my last song. I just try to make it different from my last one.''' ,'''I never thought I was going to leave the trap. I even told my mother, 'I'm gonna be the trap God.'''' ,'''I got my own sound; nobody sounds like me.''' ,'''Once I come up with the concept, the rest of the song just comes.''' ,'''When I go to clubs, I don't have to wait outside.''' ,'''I never really thought I was going to be a singer, honestly. I never listened to singers; I always listened to rap music.''' ,'''My whole thing is loyalty. Loyalty over royalty; word is bond.''' ,'''You don't really gotta rap no more; you can just say the verse with a swag now.''' ,'''If only the people around you know you're an artist, then you're doing something wrong.''' ,'''The first song I did was over a Chief Keef beat - 'Understand Me.' I did that in, like, 2011 or 2012, I think.''' ,'''I just consider myself an artist. I don't really rap. I don't really sing. I just do what I feel is good, and people like it.''' ,'''I just want everybody to know my music and get to know my squad, Remy Boyz; just to show people New Jersey. New Jersey got talent, too. I mean, everybody sleeps on us, and they put us as the underdog.''' ,]
+++