+++
author = "Brantley Gilbert"
title = "Brantley Gilbert Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Brantley Gilbert Quotes"
keywords = "brantley gilbert,brantley gilbert quotes,brantley gilbert quote,brantley gilbert sayings,brantley gilbert saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If the songs I'm writing can offer anything to somebody, I'd like to give myself the opportunity to deliver that.''' ,'''Man, I'm 31, talking like I'm 60. I really do feel in control.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong. There's always situations where when it gets bigger than me, it's time to go talk to mama and daddy and God.''' ,'''I'm honored the folks and Bendon understood why I wanted to work with them and Toys for Tots.''' ,'''Most of my rings are not expensive at all; they're just things that remind me of people that gave 'em to me. And they all have their own stories, their own meanings.''' ,'''I like being different.''' ,'''I sing about the things that I don't have conversations about.''' ,'''A lot of people can be cheerleaders for songs and go, 'Oh, that's great,' and they don't think it.''' ,'''The girls from my hometown are so over me.''' ,'''A lot of things in my life changed, but I'm still a party animal. I'm leading the pack.''' ,'''I think I definitely get my soft side from my mother.''' ,'''I've been asked a million times to move to Nashville, but I just can't seem to do it.''' ,'''You meet people in the business and wonder how compassionate they are.''' ,'''We're gonna raise some big bucks and breed 'em and that sorta thing. Pretty excited about that.''' ,'''I try to just encompass the entire feeling and emotion behind the song the best way possible, and if that's 100,000 screaming guitars right in your face, then that's what's going down.''' ,'''I take a lot of pride in being able to say that what you see is what you get.''' ,'''My mom's an angel, bless her heart, for everything I put her through.''' ,'''I was fortunate enough to have a situation in my life where everything did shake out and hit rock bottom, and I did see who was standing there and really saw who had my back for real.''' ,'''When it came to country, I loved the stories.''' ,'''I stay on the road so much that my fiancee and I were talking the other night about what I wanted her to cook. I told her I don't even remember what a home-cooked meal is.''' ,'''We try to put on the same show regardless of what stage or platform we're on.''' ,'''I've got my head screwed on in the right direction, for the most part. It may be turned a little bit to the left, but we're getting there.''' ,'''I don't sit down to write a country song. I don't sit down to write a rap song. I just sit down to write a song, you know what I mean? And I try to make that song the best it can be.''' ,'''I don't need anything to have a good time or be a hell-raiser. I was born one.''' ,'''I'm a country guy from a small town, you know, and it comes across as real because it is.''' ,'''When I had my wreck, it really just put everything into perspective and really opened my eyes. I've always been one of those guys that thought 'it will never happen to me.'''' ,'''What you see is what you get, and the majority of people in my life that loan me clothes know that they've never seen me in a suit.''' ,'''If you're going to go out doing something, you might as well be fighting for your country or fighting for your life.''' ,'''If I'm ever having a good time, I'll write about it so I'll remember it.''' ,'''I got several litmus tests for songs, but usually the people at the publishing company... they're straight-shooters.''' ,'''I'm one of the few people I've ever met who is blessed enough to be able to love the one who got away.''' ,'''I've always been that way where, if something doesn't work out the first time, I won't try to beat a dead horse.''' ,'''Main thing, really, is I write songs the way I wanna hear them and the way I think the people that come to our shows wanna hear them.''' ,'''I like to lift and do cardio to stay in shape, so I can walk the dog on somebody, and I like to be strong, but running 10 miles or a decathlon? That don't support my interests.''' ,'''I don't want to release a CD; I want to release the real deal, so we're just gonna take our time.''' ,'''I tell everybody, 'If you want to get to know me, if you listen to those three records, you'll have a really good idea.' They were released at different time periods in my life, and those are the things I was going through.''' ,'''A lot of rap music can get repetitive.''' ,'''Every bit of joy in my heart, you know, every smile on my face is yours. It's awesome to be able to share that with somebody.''' ,'''There's no smoke and mirrors here.''' ,'''Not to take anything away from artists who don't write their own songs, but it's always been important to me to make sure it's my story.''' ,'''It's a little less stressful as a support act, because the headliner carries the majority of the weight. But as a headliner, we get to play a little bit longer.''' ,'''The only thing that makes me uncomfortable is when people that do drink, don't drink around me.''' ,'''I wanted to go where the people work hard, throw down, and really needed the party... Saginaw is all that and then some. I looked in those faces - and I knew, these people mean business.''' ,'''I'm not real good at surfing, and I'm terrified of sharks. That's, like, one of my main fears. Snakes, sharks, deep water, and commitment. I think those are my four big ones.''' ,'''Songwriting has always been close to me.''' ,'''When I started doing music full time, I figured out my job wasn't something I needed to be completely sober for.''' ,'''I'm old school. We're from a small town in Georgia, and I think if we do pictures before the wedding, I think I'm gonna be blindfolded.''' ,'''When it came to rock, I was always drawn to guitars.''' ,'''Being in Nashville was not me, and I needed to go home and reset before I got in over my head.''' ,'''Cardio's not really my deal.''' ,'''I'll flip a stupid tire. But I ain't running.''' ,'''I still live in the same town where I grew up.''' ,'''We've got a lot of friends. We take care of them because they take care of us.''' ,'''I always knew I wanted to be a performer. I started playing when I was in third grade, but I wasn't very good at all.''' ,'''A friend is someone who supports you. And these people are buying tickets at outrageous ticket prices. If that ain't support, I don't know what is.''' ,'''Every place you go to, they have their own little flair.''' ,'''Being on stage and on a motorcycle are two of the only places I feel comfortable and free. Those are my happy places.''' ,'''I'm not too good at being fake or being somebody else.''' ,'''Looking back, we had the hard time, but the privilege, of actually coming up playing biker bars and little bitty college bars.''' ,'''It's not just music. To me, it's songwriting more than anything. A lot of people say it's expression, but to me, it's more than that.''' ,'''I'm as honest as I can possibly be when I write.''' ,'''I wanted to make sure that if somebody special did come along, I was the kind of man that a woman like her would deserve.''' ,'''I don't worry about running myself ragged. I worry about being bored.''' ,'''It's been cool to catch up, but I think I'm done with my exes. To be honest, I went out with flying colors on the majority of them.''' ,'''Some people wear their heart on their sleeve; I do that in more ways than one.''' ,'''My fiancee's the one that's picture worthy.''' ,'''If I'm down about something or having problems with something, I can write it down and get it out.''' ,'''Fame and money and all that - you hear people say it a lot, but they don't mean a thing to me.''' ,'''I've been in situations before where something was going on, and that's the only way you can kinda cope with it is to write about it.''' ,'''I always go to my mom's house for Christmas.''' ,'''I don't write about anything I haven't been through.''' ,'''I just sit down and write the best song for the best moment, and however it comes out, it is what it is.''' ,'''If I read a script in the future that I feel like I could have a little fun with or that reflects me well, it may be one of those things that I try out. But, of course, music's my number one priority.''' ,'''Songwriting is therapeutic for me.''' ,'''The first time I went to Sturgis, I remember thinking, 'This motorcycle thing, this is me.'''' ,'''I write about things and put things into my albums that I don't talk to people about. I don't hold back or sugarcoat anything.''' ,'''I don't try to be somebody I'm not.''' ,'''For me, I write some songs that are really important to me, and I've got some feedback where some of them help folks and inspire people.''' ,'''My police record says I went to Panama City, but I don't recall it.''' ,'''I had a CrossFit trainer for two weeks. I fired him.''' ,'''I was kind of torn between playing music or playing college football. I was going to college and really focusing on my music career.''' ,'''I wrote a song with a guy named Brian McKnight, who's a huge R&B guy.''' ,'''I've kind of got a rebellious bone. I think I came out of the womb like that.''' ,'''I am the type of person that likes to put myself in someone's shoes to 'get' it.''' ,'''I love Eighties rock.''' ,'''I'm sticking true to my roots.''' ,'''I don't sit down to write a number one hit. I'm not that good at my job - I don't know how to do that.''' ,'''From the R&B side, I've always been a huge Brian McKnight fan. He's just as talented as it gets vocally, and as a musician. I think it'd be real cool to do something with him.''' ,'''I just hope my songs mean enough to people. And I feel like you have to live to learn.''' ,'''It's real easy in a lot of businesses for your head to swell up, and you become somebody else. So that's one of my main goals in the business - to continue to be me.''' ,'''Those people are the lifeblood of what we do. We don't have fans. We have friends.''' ,'''If a really, really pretty girl needs a ride home, I'm your guy.''' ,'''For me, a show's a show. I try to put on the best show I can for whatever audience or time slot I get.''' ,'''I'm a very happy man. I've seen how bad it can get, and I'm sure it could get worse if I let it, but all that made me appreciate where I am. Plus, I'm married to a very hot woman who got away.''' ,'''There's a song called 'My Faith' that's kind of my spiritual song on my record. It's a little bit of my softer side of me, comin' out of left field a little bit.''' ,'''There's nothing like having somebody that loves every single bit of you, and that you love the same way, to actually, really share it with.''' ,'''She's definitely an angel sent from above. How can that not rub off on a man? What can I say? I'm a mama's boy.''' ,'''I don't write anything that I hadn't experienced or hadn't been through.''' ,]
+++