+++
author = "Paul Samuelson"
title = "Paul Samuelson Quotes"
quotes_len = "71"
description = "the best 71 Paul Samuelson Quotes"
keywords = "paul samuelson,paul samuelson quotes,paul samuelson quote,paul samuelson sayings,paul samuelson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My belief is that nothing that can be expressed by mathematics cannot be expressed by careful use of literary words.''' ,'''The very name of my subject, economics, suggests economizing or maximizing. But Political Economy has gone a long way beyond home economics.''' ,'''Sooner or later the Internet will become profitable. It's an old story played before by canals, railroads and automobiles.''' ,'''What we know about the global financial crisis is that we don't know very much.''' ,'''Every good cause is worth some inefficiency.''' ,'''I believe, in the stock market - that's one of my fields - that most people are irrational. And to be irrational, you can be irrational in so many different ways that, practically, the result is indeterminate.''' ,'''The dream of any scholar has, for me, come true by virtue of this award. The Nobel Prizes are justly famous in the hard sciences, in literature, and for peace.''' ,'''The parts of physics that are exact are the parts of physics that are exact. The parts that are inexact are vastly greater. Sensible scientists don't waste their time pushing against doors that endlessly will not give. They are opportunistic and go where they can, but there are pitfalls in that.''' ,'''Keynes's contribution was not just to advocate spending government money in the middle of a recession. Every government had done that going back to the days of the Irish potato famine. What he gave to us was a way of thinking about the magnitude and the dimensions and so forth.''' ,'''Actually, in my advanced, high-falutin' frontier economics, I often work with what I define as 'money metric utility,' and I ask people, 'Do you really want that? What are you willing to pay for that?'''' ,'''I can tell you, because I serve on so many nonprofit boards - where half of us are academics and half of us are from Wall Street - that there's no CEO who understands at all a derivative. All they know is that somebody tells them in their organization, 'We've got a wonderful profit center.'''' ,'''What is it that the scientist finds useful in being able to relate a positive description of behavior to the solution of a maximizing problem? That is what a good deal of my own early work was about.''' ,'''I came to the University of Chicago on the morning of January 2, 1932. I wasn't yet a graduate of high school for another few months. And that was about the low point of the Herbert Hoover/Andrew Mellon phase after October of 1929. That's quite a number of years to have inaction.''' ,'''It is indeed true that the stock market can forecast the business cycle.''' ,'''You're not making a decision if you come to a fork in the road. There is no 'it' to take. It's one or the other.''' ,'''The remarkable fact is not how much government does to control economic activity, but how much it does not do.''' ,'''Investing should be more like watching paint dry or watching grass grow. If you want excitement, take $800 and go to Las Vegas.''' ,'''Good questions outrank easy answers.''' ,'''Investing should be dull. It shouldn't be exciting.''' ,'''Companies are not charitable enterprises: They hire workers to make profits. In the United States, this logic still works. In Europe, it hardly does.''' ,'''I have not been able in one lecture even to scratch the surface of the role of maximum principles in analytic economics.''' ,'''Funeral by funeral, theory advances.''' ,'''Economics has never been a science - and it is even less now than a few years ago.''' ,'''I think that it's more important for an economist to be wise and sophisticated in scientific method than it is for a physicist because with controlled laboratory experiments possible, they practically guide you; you couldn't go astray. Whereas in economics, by dogma and misunderstanding, you can go very sadly astray.''' ,'''The history of the twentieth century - America's century! - has been pretty much a history of rising prices.''' ,'''The Malthusian Theory - that mankind, for biological and sociological reasons, is so fertile, so fecund, that if you started out with the new continent and plenty of land for everybody, in several generations we would multiply our numbers.''' ,'''The contrafactual history is what it would have been the other way. Think of the Kennedy triumph in the missiles crisis. Worked out fine. Khrushchev blinked and so forth. The other road, you don't want to think too hard about. You could have had nuclear missiles wiping out a tenth of the globe.''' ,'''Economics is not an exact science. It's a combination of an art and elements of science. And that's almost the first and last lesson to be learned about economics: that in my judgment, we are not converging toward exactitude, but we're improving our data bases and our ways of reasoning about them.''' ,'''It is dead wrong about necessary surplus of winnings over losings.''' ,'''Avoiding inflation is not an absolute imperative but rather is one of a number of conflicting goals that we must pursue and that we may often have to compromise.''' ,'''I'm not speaking in favor of killing innovation. I'm speaking in favor of centrist use of the market, which involves necessarily a considerable degree of regulation. Markets by themselves will get themselves inevitably into inequality and into their own destruction. It will happen again and again.''' ,'''I decided that there was only one place to make money in the mutual fund business, as there is only one place for a temperate man to be in a saloon: behind the bar and not in front of it.''' ,'''Let those who will - write the nation's laws - if I can write its textbooks.''' ,'''Milton Friedman. Friedman had a solid MV = PQ doctrine from which he deviated very little all his life. By the way, he's about as smart a guy as you'll meet. He's as persuasive as you hope not to meet.''' ,'''I can't think of a president who has been overburdened by a knowledge of economics.''' ,'''People had J.F.K. all wrong. They thought of him as a dashing, deciding type. He was an extremely hesitant person who checked the ice in front of him all the time.''' ,'''What I say is, 'If you're so rich, how come you're so dumb?'''' ,'''Self-deception ultimately explains Japan's plight. The Japanese have never accepted that change is in their interest - and not merely a response to U.S. criticism.''' ,'''My family was well off but not rich. I spent the four years I was an undergraduate working on the beach. And it wasn't because I was lazy; it was because my freshman class would go to a hundred different employers and wouldn't get a nibble. That was a disequilibrium system. I realized that the ordinary old-fashioned Euclidean geometry didn't apply.''' ,'''Let me acknowledge that I realize that, in honoring me, the Committee of the Royal Academy of Sciences is in fact saying a good word for all of those of my generation who have been laboring in the same vineyard.''' ,'''People have the wrong idea that God will forgive Reagan. They say he didn't know what he was doing. It's true he didn't know a lot of what was going on, but he was directly responsible.''' ,'''It is not easy to get rich in Las Vegas, at Churchill Downs, or at the local Merrill Lynch office.''' ,'''The Keynesian idea is once again accepted that fiscal policy and deficit spending has a major role to play in guiding a market economy. I wish Friedman were still alive so he could witness how his extremism led to the defeat of his own ideas.''' ,'''In well-functioning markets, price equals opportunity cost. Meaning that the proper way to price out and charge us for things is to charge us what those resources could otherwise have produced. This is a lesson the Soviet Union never learned at all, and the rest is history.''' ,'''Politicians like to tell people what they want to hear - and what they want to hear is what won't happen.''' ,'''Today we see how utterly mistaken was the Milton Friedman notion that a market system can regulate itself... Everyone understands now, on the contrary, that there can be no solution without government.''' ,''''There are no easy pickings.' That would be a more accurate, less dramatic statement than 'There's no such thing as a free lunch.'''' ,'''Asia's governments come in two broad varieties: young, fragile democracies - and older, fragile authoritarian regimes.''' ,'''Economics is a choice between alternatives all the time. Those are the trade-offs.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I reckoned things in Hershey bars. Is this worth three Hershey bars to me?''' ,'''Charles Darwin got his theory, his notion of natural selection, evolution, and so did its independent discoverer, Alfred Wallace, from reading Malthus.''' ,'''We've become a debtor nation. I don't mean just on fixed-loan terms, but we own increasingly less abroad than is owned from abroad here.''' ,'''Globalization presumes sustained economic growth. Otherwise, the process loses its economic benefits and political support.''' ,'''Women are men without money.''' ,'''There's nothing in Keynesian economics that would allow you to solve stagflation. But there's nothing in neoclassical economics that would allow you to solve stagflation, either.''' ,'''American society was economically ill-run in the 1980s. Our society has been on a consumption binge. If the American people had a town meeting and said, 'What do we care about posterity? Posterity hasn't done anything for us; we're going to whoop it up now,' that is a rational judgment. But nobody ever did that.''' ,'''A temporary reduction in tax rates on individual incomes can be a powerful weapon against recession.''' ,'''Time is our ultimate scarcity. Isaac Newton can give us more electricity, but he can't give us more than 24 hours of the day of time. And so we're constantly having to sacrifice alternate activities to get the one that pleases us most.''' ,'''An intriguing paradox of the 1990s is that it isn't called a decade of greed.''' ,'''In this age of specialization, I sometimes think of myself as the last 'generalist' in economics, with interests that range from mathematical economics down to current financial journalism. My real interests are research and teaching.''' ,'''In 1936, money had no important role. Interest rates were one-eighth of one-eighth of one per cent. I did some research, and I found that the interest on one million dollars of ninety-day Treasuries was $37. People didn't even bother to collect it. The Fed wasn't important.''' ,'''The problem is no longer that with every pair of hands that comes into the world there comes a hungry stomach. Rather it is that, attached to those hands are sharp elbows.''' ,'''Often, when I became a consultant to a federal agency, that precipitated its demise.''' ,'''One of the pleasing things about science is that we do all climb towards the heavens on the shoulders of our predecessors. Economics, like physics, has its heroes, and the letter 'H' that I used in my mathematical equations was not there to honor Sir William Hamilton, but rather Harold Hotelling.''' ,'''Things swept so badly that I had distrust - after 1967, let's say - of American Keynesianism. For better or worse, U.S. Keynesianism was so far ahead of where it started. I am a cafeteria Keynesian.''' ,'''U.S. capital formation, which has been pretty high in the '90s and very high in the late 1990s, is what is being financed by the savings of the rest of the world, generally poorer than ourselves, because our deficit on current account, chronic deficit, is their surplus, and they have been willingly bringing that to the American market.''' ,'''I think economics - and this is what I've tried to impart - has a tremendous amount of human interest in it.''' ,'''In the jargon of American vaudeville, Professors Frisch and Tinbergen are a 'hard act to follow.' But then, all my life, I have been following such great scholars and policy advisors as these.''' ,'''I did not throw out my education lightly, but what I was being taught was of no use in explaining what I saw around me. It was the Great Depression.''' ,'''Rent control created deadweight loss.''' ,'''To a person of analytical ability, perceptive enough to realise that mathematical equipment was a powerful sword in economics, the world of economics was his or her oyster in 1935. The terrain was strewn with beautiful theorems begging to be picked up and arranged in unified order.''' ,]
+++