+++
author = "Fredrick Brennan"
title = "Fredrick Brennan Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Fredrick Brennan Quotes"
keywords = "fredrick brennan,fredrick brennan quotes,fredrick brennan quote,fredrick brennan sayings,fredrick brennan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Was it smart to be in a Nazi newspaper? I have no idea. Probably not.''' ,'''The rules keep getting more and more strict on 4chan even though there is no legal requirement for them to do so.''' ,'''Cooking is not really safe for me because a pan of boiling water is about as big as I am, so I have to be really careful when I'm cooking not to spill it on myself.''' ,'''If I could, I would uncreate 8chan. Of course, you know, I'm guilty to a certain extent of allowing it to go in the beginning, but I never expected it to get this far.''' ,'''Once again, a terrorist used 8chan to spread his message as he knew people would save it and spread it. The board is a receptive audience for domestic terrorists.''' ,'''Behind the keyboard, it doesn't matter that physically my body doesn't work properly.''' ,'''I haven't left the Philippines for many years, I haven't been in the U.S. for six years.''' ,'''All the major discussion sites are owned by large money-grubbing corporations, and their platforms are closed source. It's incredibly toxic.''' ,'''It's really bad sometimes to be crippled in a wheelchair, and it reminds you that you can't fight back when someone's trying to rob you.''' ,'''When 8chan came back online, it was extremely unstable. I was trying to post on it to see if it worked. And it was not working at all for me, but somehow, Q' was posting. And that was kind of the moment for me that sealed the deal If they had not already been controlling it before, they were controlling it now.''' ,'''I was mesmerized. 4chan was nothing like anything I'd ever seen.''' ,'''I have very short arms. I can't really reach down and pick things off the floor when they fall. I can't really reach up and get things out of the cupboard.''' ,'''If Trump loses, I think that how a lot of people are going to view it is: the deep state has won. Trump has lost. Our god, essentially, has been crucified. Trump is - for many of them - a god, and they are going to punish Democrats on the other side with political violence. That's what I see happening.''' ,'''I looked at Gamergate very cynically. I didn't care about the ethics. And I didn't care about the women I just cared that this is bringing users to my site.''' ,'''In the Philippines, it is routine to appeal an indictment to the DOJ, and they routinely quash indictments.''' ,'''I found some peace in the Bible and in believing in Christ. To me it doesn't really matter if it's technically true. It just really helps me get through the day.''' ,'''I eat the most unhealthy diet. It's really bad. I wish I had an aide.''' ,'''Even though Q is at the moment based on Donald Trump, it is certainly possible for a significant faction to rise up that believes he was in the deep state all along and foiled the plan.''' ,'''I saw the GamerGate controversy as a way to expand 8chan. I wanted to unseat 4chan and to me it didn't matter how it happened.''' ,'''Since the time I resigned, I sometimes wonder whether creating 8chan was a good thing. I sometimes wonder about the things that I said in the past while I was being its admin. Sometimes I think I should have been harder on violent threats. I think maybe I should have worked much harder to improve the moderation systems.''' ,'''I didn't spend enough time making friends in real life.''' ,'''You have to be a free speech absolutist if you want to be an 8chan admin because if you're anything else, you're gonna get burned at the stake.''' ,'''Most of the world genuinely believes that I was the owner of 8chan and that I could shut it down whenever I wanted.''' ,'''I believe GamerGate is at its core a positive movement that fights against obvious corruption in journalism and the tech industry.''' ,'''Essentially, what QAnon was - what the Q poster was doing - was impersonating a federal agent.''' ,'''When I started using 4chan heavily, my whole life became about the Internet. And my real life stopped mattering to me.''' ,'''There is no way I can go back and uncreate 8chan. If I could, I would, but there is no way to do that. So the main way I have dealt with the guilt is to go on the offensive.''' ,'''I don't care about media crocodile tears for pageviews.''' ,'''Anonymity should not be taken away from everyone just because of a few bad apples.''' ,'''Q is whatever you want it to be.''' ,'''Whenever there's a shooting and the details are still fuzzy, I am always worried there's gonna be an 8chan connection.''' ,'''If you shut down 4chan, shut down 8chan, you're just pushing it under the rug. Underground, it's just gonna get worse.''' ,'''I have no desire to ever be involved in the image-board world again.''' ,'''I never expected there to be so many mass shootings connected to 8chan.''' ,'''Imageboards are the most important medium for free speech on the Internet.''' ,'''If I could go back and not create 8chan at all, I probably would.''' ,'''I guess I'm not very street smart.''' ,]
+++