+++
author = "Angel Di Maria"
title = "Angel Di Maria Quotes"
quotes_len = "84"
description = "the best 84 Angel Di Maria Quotes"
keywords = "angel di maria,angel di maria quotes,angel di maria quote,angel di maria sayings,angel di maria saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Now, I don't sweat the small stuff, just the things that really matter.''' ,'''Leaving a club like Real and coming to as big a club as Manchester United makes you grow as a player and helps you progress in your career.''' ,'''I am working hard to keep making progress, to always improve.''' ,'''It happened to me many times: I had some ugly moments at Madrid, but it all changed, and when I left Madrid, in the end I was much loved.''' ,'''In France, the matches are sometimes very tight, and so it is difficult to score. A free kick can unlock a game.''' ,'''It's special - when you start playing, you are aware of names like Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie; you have seen them playing and know what great players they are. So it's fantastic to have a chance to line up with them. I'm really pleased with how that understanding has started off.''' ,'''Losing one final, that happens, but when it happens three times in a row, that is something else entirely.''' ,'''Thanks to God, I was able to come to PSG and be myself again.''' ,'''PSG's ambition of the Champions League is also mine. I know they have a great project. I want to participate in this project and reach their objective of winning the Champions League.''' ,'''Frankly, I wouldn't have a problem to play at Barca - to the contrary.''' ,'''I was really close to joining Barcelona, but in the end, it wasn't to be.''' ,'''PSG - I think they had a money problem and they couldn't buy players. This is the main reason I didn't go there.''' ,'''I have a lot of very happy memories of the Olympic Games, and the final against Nigeria and the goal mean an awful lot to me.''' ,'''It hurts when you're always doing your best for your club, and then you hear that you might be going to Tottenham.''' ,'''Football is a strange game.''' ,'''I like assisting goals more than scoring them.''' ,'''You never know: there is a lot of movement in football. You can never predict where you're going to play.''' ,'''It was always a dream and goal of mine to try out in English football.''' ,'''When I am an old man, I will tell my grandchildren bedtime stories about when I won the Champions League, hopefully when I won the World Cup, but most of all, I will tell them that their grandfather used to play with Lionel Messi.''' ,'''Everybody had heard the rumours that Real wanted to sign James Rodriguez after the World Cup, and I knew that they were going to sell me to make room for him.''' ,'''Winning the Champions League was the best thing that has happened to me at a club, the best thing that happened to me in my life.''' ,'''I really wanted to play in the Premier League, which I'd been watching since I was a youngster every Saturday or Sunday before I'd go and play for Rosario Central.''' ,'''Blanc called me when he was in the United States and I was still on holiday. He said he was very happy to recruit me, that he had wanted me for several seasons. Obviously, this gave me an added incentive to sign for PSG.''' ,'''There are many things that I value, and many of them have nothing to do with my salary.''' ,'''Cristiano Ronaldo's a special player, but Messi's from another planet.''' ,'''I am happy at Madrid.''' ,'''I never said I wanted to leave Real Madrid. I never wanted that, but you have to move when they don't want you.''' ,'''Paris is a really nice city. My family has felt very good here from the first day they arrived. That makes it a lot easier for me to focus on football.''' ,'''It is difficult to adapt to Van Gaal. I had a couple of rows with him.''' ,'''As for anyone, it was a dream for me to come to Europe.''' ,'''That desire to win is something that's drummed into you at an early age in my country. In Argentina, you grow up watching great teams and important victories.''' ,'''I don't have regrets about leaving Real Madrid.''' ,'''I have grown a lot under Ancelotti. He got the best out of me.''' ,'''There have been other players of a similar build and stature to myself - slim, if you like - who have come here and shown a physical resilience in the way that I hope to as well.''' ,'''I'm happy in Paris, and I hope to be for many years.''' ,'''It does not bother me that £60m has been paid for me. I come here to work and play for the club and to do the best I can for Manchester United.''' ,'''I've won an Olympic title and an U-20 World Cup, but it'd be really special to round things off with a Copa title with the seniors.''' ,'''Manchester United was a sad experience. Things didn't go as I had hoped. I was disappointed, and it didn't help me to rise to the surface.''' ,'''I know that nobody will be satisfied with anything less than coming home with the World Cup.''' ,'''I've played two World Cups. I've won the Champions League.''' ,'''What I love the most is playing with Argentina.''' ,'''I always wanted to write a page of history with PSG.''' ,'''I truly wanted to move to United. I wanted to wear this shirt.''' ,'''It isn't easy to get to a final, and then winning the title is also difficult.''' ,'''To be able to earn what Cristiano earns, I would have had to have been the best player at the World Cup or won the Ballon d'Or.''' ,'''I have never had problems with the fans.''' ,'''I want to win the Champions League, which is a dream for all footballers, for a second time.''' ,'''The players from Real will laugh at me, but I am a fan of Central, and that is why I could never play for Newell's. So, I tell the fans of Central to keep up their hope for me - I have always wanted to retire there.''' ,'''I'm very pleased to play for Manchester United. I want to hep the team get into the Champions League.''' ,'''I hope we can put Manchester United back where they deserve to be.''' ,'''I always need to clear up what I do. With everyone else, there is no problem, but with me, all hell is raised up.''' ,'''I did my best, but football is not like maths: often, a lot of things out of our control affect the way we feel and the way things turn out.''' ,'''I started at Benfica: not as big but one of the biggest clubs in Portugal. I've played for Real Madrid. Then I moved to Manchester United, from a giant to another giant.''' ,'''The problem is that when Argentina doesn't play well - and the same is true of Barcelona - the press think it is easy to blame Messi. We have seen time and time again that he wins games on his own when the team is not performing - but the media expect him to always be the hero.''' ,'''I honestly think I would swap all that I have won in my career to win something with the Argentine national team.''' ,'''Messi is the best in the world - there is no question about that.''' ,'''For sure, life takes many twists and turns, and one never knows what the future might hold.''' ,'''The first thing you learn is sacrifice and how to keep moving forward in life, helping your parents to put food on the table. You learn to fight with your work. Then you start to learn values. That's why, every time I pull on the Argentina shirt or any other, I think about the things that happened to me when I was a kid.''' ,'''I think there can be nothing more special than winning something with the shirt of your national team.''' ,'''I have these amazing feelings about having moved to Man U. I'm so proud of myself, you know. It's hard to explain it and put it into words.''' ,'''There were a lot of clubs interested in me - a lot, really. But Manchester United appeared and didn't go away. They absolutely wanted me, and it happened.''' ,'''If you change, it's because you want to. I will never change, and I never could change because the people around me are the same people who have always been there. My friends are the same, and that means you can never forget where you came from.''' ,'''Things didn't quite work out at Manchester United for various reasons, but that's in the past.''' ,'''My dad worked all day. He would get up at five in the morning and didn't stop working until 10 at night, every day the same.''' ,'''The only club I couldn't play for is Newell's Old Boys because I am a fan of Rosario Central.''' ,'''I am not going to lie: I know that there are clubs that want to sign me and can match Real Madrid's demands. But that's up to my representatives and the club. I will stay if the club wants me to stay.''' ,'''It's up to the manager where and how every player should play, but I think every player should be comfortable in that position.''' ,'''Life in England was a bit difficult. It is not easy for a South American. Some people get on fine, and for others, it is harder to adapt.''' ,'''The real reason you want to give everything on the field is so your own fans go away happy.''' ,'''Making passes is what I prefer the most.''' ,'''I want to play for Central because I love the club. I was raised there and taught football there. Central is where it all began for me.''' ,'''I love playing, helping the team, and not talking with the press.''' ,'''It's difficult to say what I would be doing if I wasn't a footballer, but I probably would have sold coal like my father. Studying was never my thing, and I would surely have ended up working with my dad.''' ,'''I wished very much for the day of my debut at Old Trafford, and I did in the best way, scoring a goal.''' ,'''I am very happy to have extended my contract with PSG.''' ,'''I think I won everything I wanted with Real: La Liga, the Champions League, and the Copa Del Rey.''' ,'''My relationship with Madrid is finished because my cycle there ended.''' ,'''There were a lot of clubs interested in me, but United is the only club that I would have left Real Madrid for.''' ,'''Maybe the press in Spain do not like me because I do not give interviews.''' ,'''Seeing my teammates score, I love that. It is what I like about football.''' ,'''In 2017, I was able to spend time with my family in Argentina, recharge my batteries, think about what had been achieved - I needed to change something to be better. I managed to score goals, make more assists: that is the important thing.''' ,'''I am aware of importance of the No.7 shirt. Cristiano Ronaldo had spoken to me at Real Madrid and told me how important it was.''' ,'''There are no words to describe Messi; he always surprises you.''' ,'''Along with my teammates, we have a lot more great things to achieve, and we will continue to help PSG grow as a big club internationally. The support of all those that love this club will help us go beyond our own limits and defend our colours with passion and determination.''' ,]
+++