+++
author = "Charlyne Yi"
title = "Charlyne Yi Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Charlyne Yi Quotes"
keywords = "charlyne yi,charlyne yi quotes,charlyne yi quote,charlyne yi sayings,charlyne yi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's kind of shocking to me, actually, that I've almost been stereotyped, in a way - physically - because, I didn't get good grades in school; I got in a lot of fights. I wear glasses because I don't want something tugging my eyeball, but I wouldn't consider myself a 'nerd.' I don't know what really makes someone a nerd.''' ,'''Being cynical isn't necessarily being negative or bitter. It's a person who is wary of mistaking love for something that it's not and getting their heart broken.''' ,'''Sometimes people ask me, 'You do stand-up?' I try explaining what I do, and I don't think they really get it. So: 'Yeah, I do stand-up.' I wish there was one word to express what I do - that way, I don't sound arrogant. Whenever I say I'm a performer, people think I'm a performance artist: 'She paints herself white and pretends to be a flower.'''' ,'''My humor isn't meant to be mean or hurt anyone. But it's to make them uncomfortable and laugh. I like making people feel a different range of emotions. I like to make people a bit confused.''' ,'''I have ADD or something. Even when I am doing something, it's me on the computer, I'm painting and I'm writing music. I have to rotate what I'm doing every 15 minutes.''' ,'''I would never sign up to film my personal life.''' ,'''I like fiction. I love all sorts of love stories, I think. I even watched '17 Again.'''' ,''''Up' was the best. The first 10 minutes of that movie made me weep. It was so well done... even if that montage was all I'd seen, just as a short film, that was great. That was my favorite thing of the year.''' ,'''Awards can't be what's important in your life. Because that only affects you in a sense. Life is so much more than that: It's your family and your friends and that sort of thing.''' ,'''Compatibility is weird. Love is confusing. Love is one wild beast.''' ,'''I actually don't read comic books. I did when I was a kid - I used to read a lot of 'X-Men' comic books. I read a couple 'Scott Pilgrim' this past year, and those are really good, but I don't read in general, unfortunately.''' ,]
+++