+++
author = "Dustin Lynch"
title = "Dustin Lynch Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Dustin Lynch Quotes"
keywords = "dustin lynch,dustin lynch quotes,dustin lynch quote,dustin lynch sayings,dustin lynch saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love the smell of skunks. Driving down a back road and you smell a skunk that's sprayed or been hit. I love that. It reminds me of home.''' ,'''I was told 'no' a lot when I first got to Nashville, but I'm pretty stubborn! That's one of my faults and qualities.''' ,'''My favorite thing about touring is the new towns and new faces every day.''' ,'''It's really cool now that we have Twitter and Facebook, and it's cool that people can post their thoughts and stories and just constantly on their timelines.''' ,'''If I wasn't singing country music for a living, I was actually going to school to be a doctor.''' ,'''I've gotten to go to the Opry a couple of times and stand backstage and watch. But I made it a point not to take a tour or stand in the circle until music took me there. I told myself that was one place I'd never go unless music took me there.''' ,'''I picked Dad's guitar up when I was 8. It hurt to play, so I put it down and picked it back up when I was 15 and dug in. The guitar helped me come out of my shell and kind of gave me an identity at school.''' ,'''With my biology degree, I got this job at an environmental lab. We tested sewage runoff, we tested chemical warfare waste runoff. It's a job I'll never do again and I would never wish upon anybody.''' ,'''I'd love to cover an 'Incubus' song. I don't think anybody in a cowboy hat on a country stage has ever done that, and I'd love to be the first.''' ,'''If I could be involved in the hunting and fishing industry, that would be amazing. That said, I studied biology in college and that led into me being really involved in anatomy and being a pre-med major.''' ,'''I'm from Tullahoma, TN which is an hour south of Nashville, and I grew up and wanted to be like Garth Brooks, so I moved to Nashville when I was 18 to chase a dream.''' ,'''I draw inspiration from anything and everybody and that's what country music is to me... real life stories and real life emotions.''' ,'''I love all types of music. I love top 40 dance pop, hip-hop, I don't even know what they call it now. I'm a huge fan of all that.''' ,'''I definitely love beaches. I love to surf. I love to fish, and I'm always in need of a suntan.''' ,'''I love living on the road; I live out of a suitcase.''' ,'''My brain never turns off of songwriting. Every conversation, everything I see, I'm just kind of like a sponge and I soak it up.''' ,'''I would hole up in my bedroom growing up and teach myself guitar.''' ,'''I'm a laid-back guy, but my brain is always wrapped up in music.''' ,'''Mom and sister played piano growing up; my grandma still plays piano in church. They always beat me over the head trying to get me to play piano, but I was more interested in riding dirt bikes and playing in the mud.''' ,'''Hard work always pays off, whatever you do.''' ,]
+++