+++
author = "Sammy Sosa"
title = "Sammy Sosa Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Sammy Sosa Quotes"
keywords = "sammy sosa,sammy sosa quotes,sammy sosa quote,sammy sosa sayings,sammy sosa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can't do it every day. They're not going to give me much to hit right now. They're pitching me real well. If I get there, fine.''' ,'''I said to myself I've got to go up there and do it because the New York Mets keep winning every day. The game was on the line and I wanted to go out there and come through for my team. That win tonight means a lot for us.''' ,'''It's always an honor to represent your country.''' ,'''I have not broken the laws of the United States or the laws of the Dominican Republic.''' ,'''Make yourself comfortable in everything you do.''' ,'''You have to enjoy it. It is not going to happen every year, so this is the year that it is happening and we have got to go out there and enjoy it.''' ,'''I've always swung the same way. The difference is when I swing and miss, people say, 'He's swinging for the fences.' But when I swing and make contact people say, 'That's a nice swing.' But there's no difference, it's the same swing.''' ,'''Don't compare me to Babe Ruth. God gave me the opportunity and the ability to be here at the right time, at the right moment, just like he gave Babe Ruth when he was playing. I just hope I can keep doing what I've been doing - keep taking care of business.''' ,'''I don't like controversy.''' ,'''I don't want to get fat.''' ,'''My situation is different from Mark's. I'm not looking for home runs, I'm looking for the playoffs.''' ,'''When you're in the middle of a pennant race, you can't go up there thinking about home runs.''' ,'''I'm not a racist.''' ,'''I'm the type of person who likes to enjoy everything that I do, take advantage of every opportunity in life.''' ,'''If you have a bad day in baseball, and start thinking about it, you will have 10 more.''' ,'''I will calmly wait for my induction to the Baseball Hall of Fame. Don't I have the numbers to be inducted?''' ,'''I'm not keeping track, but the record is there for someone to break.''' ,]
+++