+++
author = "Brenda Song"
title = "Brenda Song Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Brenda Song Quotes"
keywords = "brenda song,brenda song quotes,brenda song quote,brenda song sayings,brenda song saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd like to have any sort of Mexican or Italian food any time of the day!''' ,'''My dad loves to cook. I'm half Thai, and growing up, that's all we ate in my house. My dad was very big on the idea that dinnertime and cooking time was also family time.''' ,'''Coming from The Disney Channel, anything I do is going to offend somehow, somewhere, somehow.''' ,'''I joke around all the time, 'I'm Asian; I'm really good at math.'''' ,'''Growing up, I never saw Asian-Americans on TV at all.''' ,'''I'm a huge breast cancer awareness advocate because my mom went through breast cancer recently. It really brought our family closer.''' ,'''I love to bake. I like to bake with wheat and try not to eat sugar, so I use applesauce instead, which probably sounds really gross.''' ,'''I was just a little girl watching TV and wanting to be in it. My parents had no idea how to get me there, but here I am as a part of this great cast on the Disney Channel. Truly, if you just want to do this, then you have to commit to it.''' ,'''When I was first approached for 'Pass the Plate,' I was thrilled because I love to cook. And I love to cook healthy. The reason I started cooking was because I would go to restaurants and have just amazing food but feel so heavy and gross. I would go home and try to cook the same thing, but a healthy version.''' ,'''To this day, just always treat people the way you want to be treated. Whether it's family or friends or co-workers, I think it's the most important thing. Whether you have success or don't have it, whether you're a good person is all that matters.''' ,'''Your body is like a machine, and if you don't keep it in shape, it holds you back. You don't want anything holding you back, especially yourself.''' ,]
+++