+++
author = "Geri Halliwell"
title = "Geri Halliwell Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Geri Halliwell Quotes"
keywords = "geri halliwell,geri halliwell quotes,geri halliwell quote,geri halliwell sayings,geri halliwell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm much more accepting of myself. A lot of my body issues have naturally settled down.''' ,'''I have been wearing black, which was a reaction to the Ginger thing. But now I have hopes and I can be anything. Tomorrow I might be naked with a feather boa, who knows?''' ,'''I have never sung a whole song on my own before and I am not the best dancer in the world, but I would rather try and fall than not not try at all.''' ,'''I love Australian people.''' ,'''Someone taught me how to eat properly. Learning from others is important when it's not working for yourself.''' ,'''A lot of people have said that I've got a voice that speaks to children. I think I've got a natural naivety to me. I'm childish.''' ,'''I love being on the beach - it's my favourite place. I can chill out, read, listen to music, play with my daughter.''' ,''''Spice Girls' is about unifying the world - every age, every gender, everyone. It's woman power, it's an essence, a tribe.''' ,'''I'm never getting too lonely because it's the kind of disease where you might sit in front of the TV with three bags of biscuits, rather than communicate with the world.''' ,'''I think I've really learned how important it is to empower women.''' ,'''On the beach, we women are at our most exposed and therefore most vulnerable. As any woman deserves to look and feel good, especially when she's away on holiday, she needs swimwear that pays proper attention to comfort and function. And there should also be some thought put into value.''' ,'''When I'm scared, my natural state is to hide and run for cover.''' ,'''It is a blessing to have pretty people around me. I like people who are sparky, positive. Evil, dark people are repelled by me: 'Oooh no! Too much sunlight.'''' ,'''If people choose to engage on a one-dimensional level that's fine. But going beyond the surface can enrich ourselves as human beings.''' ,'''I was a late starter on the romantic front. I didn't start dating until I was in my 30s.''' ,'''I'd never choose to turn the clock back.''' ,'''Becoming a solo singer is like going from an eau de toilette to a perfume. It's much more intense.''' ,'''I like doing accents. One of my friends works in hotel reservations and I'll ring her up and complain about the suite. Sometimes I get her.''' ,'''I have always wanted a solo career, deep in the darkest pit of myself, but I didn't dare admit it to myself even. It took me a long time to confront my fears.''' ,'''Some people are naturally thin and some people are naturally heavier. It doesn't mean that bigger is healthier, or much thinner is healthier, it's on an individual basis.''' ,'''I've learnt that if I tell myself I'm not allowed something, I binge on it later. So if I want chocolate, I have chocolate. If I want biscuits, I have biscuits. I love cake. I just love cake.''' ,'''Being mean about other people isn't on my radar.''' ,'''The thing is, when I feel like I have to lose weight, the opposite happens. I remember stuffing loads of chocolate on the plane to the shoot, and I thought, 'Why don't you have the courage to show up in a body that's natural, not overly worked out?'''' ,'''I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm damn well gonna do it!''' ,'''My daughter is the biggest gift; I've said it so many times and it sounds like a cliche, but the thing about being a parent is when you think you've cracked it, and you're on top of your game, they change again and you have to catch up and adjust. I feel such a responsibility to instill good values in her, to be polite, to have discipline.''' ,'''I have days of self-doubt, but I think the kindest thing I can do to myself is accept where my body is at.''' ,'''I do get scared, but I think - like it says in another book I've read - feel the fear and do it anyway. I try to have courage, pray a little bit and work through it. I'd rather try, even if I fail.''' ,'''I'm done with trying to be perfect. A perfect body belongs to somebody else - and it's not me.''' ,'''I was so afraid of upsetting people, and not being liked for saying something that was not to everyone's taste.''' ,'''I've got an image of me at the bottom of my garden sitting under my silver birch tree reading, while everyone else had gone somewhere exotic.''' ,'''Perfectionism kills art. I find that if I criticise myself, it spoils the fun. You can get paralysed by analysis - it takes all the playfulness away.''' ,'''There will always be a few people who just want to knock you down or are jealous or just want to be horrible for the sake of it. I don't know what drives someone to be nasty.''' ,'''I just feel that the only power I have is setting a good example.''' ,'''There's always going to be that pressure when you're in front of the camera. When you're famous it's just an extreme version of reality and there's a pressure to look a certain way.''' ,'''I have got one of those faces that change every day: you can dress me up, make me look vampy and then make me look 12 years old. But don't all women do this thing? We all take on these roles.''' ,'''I know that I've overfed myself trying to prop myself up because I'm exhausted.''' ,'''The truth sets you free. It's a very liberating thing, when you say this is who I am warts and all and then you can just get on with life. It's amazing.''' ,'''I want to communicate through my music. If you want to know Geri Halliwell listen to my album: it tells you more about me than a documentary ever could.''' ,'''For me, reading was always the great escape without getting your fingers burnt.''' ,'''It's really important to remember that most people in the public eye are human for a start and a lot of things that you read in the media get slightly misconstrued and manipulated.''' ,'''I won't mention the word tired. This is the 20th century and I can go around a little faster.''' ,'''I'm always coming up against scepticism in my life.''' ,'''We are obsessed with image. I don't think we should take it that seriously.''' ,'''Obviously Victoria and Mel B have become mothers and there is a part of me that wants to be a mum.''' ,'''I obviously want to give a healthy body image to my own daughter. I think having good examples, eating properly, that's all one can do - and just be really loving around her. I've tried to give her confidence in who she is. I think she's all right in the confidence department.''' ,'''I think it's unnecessary to be mean for the sake of being mean, but I do believe you have to be truthful, but with love.''' ,'''I'm so supported, and I'm so privileged. So many women today are single parents; I don't feel different. I think you get out of life what you put into it... and Bluebell was a beautiful accident. I feel blessed to have her. I'm learning every day as a mother.''' ,'''Being a celebrity, you can remain a child for ever, almost. You get away with more; you can get too pampered and it's not healthy.''' ,'''We're all just trying to fit in and find ourselves, particularly when we're growing up.''' ,'''Celebrity has some amazing advantages, of course it does. You're given an extraordinary power. It's a door-opener. I might not have to queue for things.''' ,'''I have a history of eating disorders but, as a mother, you think of being an example to your child. I'm so much more balanced than I was.''' ,'''Everyone has a mad half-hour once a month.''' ,'''I am absolutely blessed and I'm very grateful for where I am today.''' ,'''I've always made my own clothes since I was a little girl. I was a terrible sewer, but I was always cutting and customising.''' ,'''I have the most ridiculous TV crush on Michael McIntyre. I fell in love watching him on 'Britain's Got Talent'.''' ,'''I've been all sorts of different shapes and sizes at different times in my life.''' ,]
+++