+++
author = "Gerard Deulofeu"
title = "Gerard Deulofeu Quotes"
quotes_len = "77"
description = "the best 77 Gerard Deulofeu Quotes"
keywords = "gerard deulofeu,gerard deulofeu quotes,gerard deulofeu quote,gerard deulofeu sayings,gerard deulofeu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Playing with Romelu Lukaku is easy for me.''' ,'''I really like live football. I like the English style, which is very straightforward.''' ,'''You don't have to be too clever to know that if Barcelona loaned me to another team, it's because they have little interest in me.''' ,'''I do not want to live more from the past. I have my present and a great future that is on the other side.''' ,'''I want to play and be happy. I am not happy being on the bench, like most players.''' ,'''Sometimes, the players who are not spoken about a lot, they grow and get better - with silence.''' ,'''There is life beyond Barcelona.''' ,'''If we in Spain had fans like in England, it would be the best League without doubt. And the live football, in the stadiums, the people live for it.''' ,'''You have to believe in your dreams every day, work hard in training, and - above all - listen to the advice of the manager and your parents.''' ,'''At Barcelona, there is always talk of signings, but I want to compete with the best.''' ,'''I learned personally and in football. Until you're away, and you have no family, the food, the weather, you don't know what you have, and you learn to value things.''' ,'''I used to go with my father to practice on the village pitch and with my friends.''' ,'''Obviously, training at Barcelona is a fantastic experience. You train alongside players like Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta, who are clearly some of the best players in the world.''' ,'''The atmosphere of football in England is intense. There's so much passion.''' ,'''There is only one Messi.''' ,'''It is clear that whenever you receive offers, or there are talks about interest of other clubs, it's because you are doing well at your club.''' ,'''Barcelona, of course, it is part of me.''' ,'''I follow the Premier League quite a lot. It's one of the best leagues in the world.''' ,'''In football, I have learned to forget the past, think about the present, and the future will come as it may - thinking about it would be a mistake.''' ,'''When you stay with Barcelona and are only 15 or 16, the people show you a lot of time, and you are in the newspaper every day. This sometimes is good, but sometimes this is bad.''' ,'''I want to have my career, not sit on the bench. I want to work hard, to push myself. I want to play.''' ,'''Always, you have these objectives when you are young. You think you can be the best, and that's what I have to be because, if not, I'm not playing football.''' ,'''It's clear that I will not be returning to Barca.''' ,'''There are not too many coaches who trust in young guys.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it's me who has to earn the right to play more.''' ,'''I am a winger, but in future, I want to play more in the middle. When you are there, you have a lot more chances to score.''' ,'''If I had not accepted Milan, then I definitely wouldn't have been called to the national team.''' ,'''Not every young player is going to succeed at Barca.''' ,'''I learned many things in England. Above all, I learned that until you leave home, you don't know to appreciate what you have.''' ,'''I'm 23, and I have played in the Premier League, in La Liga and in Italy.''' ,'''It is nice to hear things said about you, but if I was to stay at Milan, then I'd be happy. It is a great club.''' ,'''Many managers prefer to play with wingers that cut inside a lot and don't hug the touchline.''' ,'''I am trying to improve the defensive side of my game and become an all-round wide-player, but my USP is that I am an attacking winger that takes players on, commits opponents, and excites fans. I think we are an increasingly rare breed.''' ,'''I always followed Everton. If the team were playing on television, I would watch the game. If not, then I would look to check the results. I always wanted to see how they were doing.''' ,'''Guardiola was a very special coach for me, the first when I was at Barcelona. He is a great coach, a lovely person, and I have very good memories of that time, but I would have liked to have had a full year with him.''' ,'''I'm happy here at Everton. When I decided to come here, I came thinking only in my club, which is Everton, and nothing else. What has to happen next will happen next. I feel comfortable here. I do not know whether my game is more suited to the Premier league or La Liga, but I am very well here.''' ,'''I worked hard at Everton. I learned many things, and I was lucky enough to achieve my goal of returning home.''' ,'''There is absolutely no chance of me going back to Barcelona. They don't want me to, and I don't want to, either.''' ,'''I want to play more minutes. I'm a player who doesn't want to stay on the bench or not in the squad.''' ,'''When Pep was at Barcelona, I was so young, 16 or 17 years old. I went to training a lot, and Pep Guardiola told me a lot of things, but I didn't stay in the first team. He is an amazing coach, and if he comes to the Premier League, I think he will win a lot of titles.''' ,'''In football, you cannot only play because of your quality and talent. Defence is a must.''' ,'''United are at a good level, but they are not on the same level as Barca.''' ,'''Cristiano has a lot to his game - he is good in the air, his shooting is perfect, his left foot perfect, and he is more of a striker than a winger now, a No. 9.''' ,'''Milan are the most glorious Italian club.''' ,'''I like a little pressure. That's how football goes.''' ,'''I feel that I can be a regular at Watford.''' ,'''If you play good, then you stay in the newspaper all the time.''' ,'''I need to play a lot of games and feel important to a team.''' ,'''I want to win trophies and contribute as much as I can.''' ,'''I love the Premier League. I've been here on loan and feel comfortable.''' ,'''I've come to Milan because I think I can play; otherwise, I wouldn't have come here. I'm pleased they were interested in me.''' ,'''The tactical way of Pep is the most incredible I have ever seen. When he was at Barcelona, that was their best team, I think.''' ,'''When family and friends go to Everton, they tell me that there's a moment when I get the ball, and fans get to their feet in anticipation. There's so much at stake that people live under permanent pressure.''' ,'''I'm confident in Watford.''' ,'''I'm not someone who moans.''' ,'''I've never had an idol, but I watched Ronaldinho and then players like Xavi, Andres Iniesta, Lionel Messi. They are so good, it's impossible not to notice them.''' ,'''Everyone knows that Milan is a historic team: they've won seven Champions Leagues; they've had a lot of strong players and a lot of Ballons d'Or.''' ,'''If you want to be in the top teams, you know you have competition in your place.''' ,'''At Barca B, I played No. 9 and think I played well.''' ,'''I think La Masia is the most important academy in the world. The coaches and the whole club helps you for your future.''' ,'''I need to be a first-team player.''' ,'''England's very different. I was at Barcelona for 10 years, and it's another world.''' ,'''Like all players, I do not like being a substitute.''' ,'''With one coach, you have a lot of confidence, and you play well. Then you go with another coach, and your confidence is zero. Football is this.''' ,'''Barca are the favourites because they have a better team and have the best player in the world, who is Messi.''' ,'''I'm an attacking player, and I can play wide.''' ,'''I would like to do what Cristiano has done: start wide and go into the middle as a No. 10 or 9.''' ,'''I am happy at Everton, but the only team I want to play for is Barcelona.''' ,'''When I came to Barcelona, I knew - I knew Neymar, Messi, and Suarez were in the team.''' ,'''In the day-to-day, one only thinks about his club in training and trying to be in the starting line-up.''' ,'''I would really like to be at Barca because it is the best team in the world. I would like to be in the first team, but also, I know it is very complicated, as there are very good players.''' ,'''I believe in myself. I am very enthusiastic, and I am going to try as hard as I can to show everybody that I can play for the first team.''' ,'''I left Barcelona because I believed it was very difficult to have minutes in the first team, as there are very good players.''' ,'''I am very happy at Milan: the coach and his staff have given me a lot of confidence, and I'm also happy with the relationship with my team-mates.''' ,'''I prefer scoring goals, but when I am playing out on the right, I tend to come inside and provide assists, but I also like playing on the left, and I think if that is where I play, then I will have more chance of scoring - but I just hope I can help the team score goals with my assists.''' ,'''There is a specific mentality that is put into the young players at Barcelona, and from nine or 10 years old, you have to make good seasons because, if not, you are out.''' ,'''I have a natural connection with Romelu. We stay most days after training and meet up to practice my crosses and him getting on the end of them. He is a top player, and he takes up the best positions for an old-fashioned winger like myself.''' ,]
+++