+++
author = "Jeff Green"
title = "Jeff Green Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Jeff Green Quotes"
keywords = "jeff green,jeff green quotes,jeff green quote,jeff green sayings,jeff green saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm tired of losing.''' ,'''I just try to play my part in doing what I have to do. I can't ask for the ball every time.''' ,'''My game is what it is. I just have to improve on different things. Just show it out there on the court.''' ,'''My feelings for Cleveland are a little bit different because there's always the memory of me having surgery here. Cleveland is a special place to me now because it's a place that helped save my life.''' ,'''So I guess Cleveland is a city for me that brings a lot of newness to my life.''' ,'''I've never been in this position where I've had to take an 'X' amount of shots, where I've had to focus on scoring. All of my career has been being a defensive player just running the floor.''' ,'''Sometimes you can get into a phase where you takes things for granted, especially each day. When you go through something life-threatening, something that could change something you love, it makes you appreciate it much more.''' ,'''My approach to the game is give it my all.''' ,'''My game pretty much speaks for itself - a guy who can play multiple positions... attack in different situations.''' ,'''I want to play, I wanted to finish out the games, but I've got to make sure I'm right before I step out on the floor.''' ,'''You want to get your teammates involved. You want to make the right play. But sometimes you have to be the guy to make the play.''' ,'''Education, for me, was big. It allows me to have different avenues, job-wise, because basketball is not forever.''' ,'''I'm blessed to see another day. For something like that, with any strenuous activity, the tissue could rupture. Could have died, quite frankly. I'm grateful to the doctors in Boston that detected the aneurysm.''' ,'''It's not in my place to comment on what the media says. You can write whatever you want to write. I'd just rather it be the truth.''' ,'''I'm very fortunate and thankful everyday to the man up above. Because without Him, and my friends and family, I wouldn't be here.''' ,'''I'm going to be a dad in a couple of weeks and by the grace of God, He's allowing me to see this moment and I can't wait. I think about it every day. My fiance and I have pillow talk about it every day, all day. I rub her belly, I'm blessed and I can't wait for my little princess to get here.''' ,'''The West is tough. The style we play, how we play, how they played before I got here, I just had to come in and help any way I can.''' ,'''I have my days like everyone else, but mostly I'm the calm guy. I'm the laid-back one.''' ,'''When you get to a team whether you're traded, drafted, or signed, you owe it to the organization and your teammates to give it your all.''' ,'''To me basketball is secondary. I had to really fight for my life. I almost died over this game.''' ,'''I don't take nothing for granted.''' ,'''Going through heart surgery, being on blood thinners, having been in the hospital is not something you want to go through. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.''' ,'''Always stay positive and keep positive people around you.''' ,'''With what I've gone through, that's why I try to not let a lot of stuff stress me out.''' ,'''Beyonce. I love it. Big Beyonce fan.''' ,'''I got all the confidence in myself.''' ,'''Every morning waking up and every night going to bed, I look at my scar. And I tell the Lord, 'Thank you for the blessing that He's given me to keep living, to keep playing, just to continue to breathe everyday.'''' ,'''I overcame a big struggle and was able to play in the most prestigious league in the world - something that kids dream of - and play for a long time.''' ,'''I don't care what position I'm at. I'm on the floor, I'm playing, I'm thankful for that, so whatever coach tells me to do, I'm going to do.''' ,'''A lot of us take the game for granted, but that's not the case for me. I'm truly humbled by the game and when I say it, I mean it.''' ,'''I'm the kind of guy who will talk to anybody.''' ,'''I'm a great player.''' ,'''I've been the guy who has been the third option most of my career.''' ,'''Money comes, and money goes. I just want to win games. I could care less how much money is riding on a rebound.''' ,'''I appreciate the route God put me through.''' ,'''Sometimes I get caught in just trying to get assists, trying to help my teammates get a good shot, and I think I put myself in positions where I get turnovers or I force the issue.''' ,'''I was taught to show respect and expect respect given back.''' ,'''At the end of the day I did have LeBron James on my team.''' ,'''Learn, learn, learn, and the sky is the limit for the young kids.''' ,'''When I talk, it's meaningful. It's useful. I don't just talk to talk.''' ,'''Each day I give it my all, whether good or bad.''' ,'''The hardest part was four days after the surgery - my heart rate was very high, I was choking, I couldn't cough, and I started crying. And it was seeing the way my chest looked, definitely deformed. I'm a fit guy, I'm a skinny guy, but to look in the mirror I was bloated with all of the meds.''' ,'''Everybody has their opinions of what Jeff Green should be or what I can do, but I have to go out there and prove it to myself that I work hard and I put in the work to be in the position I'm in.''' ,'''When you have a coach who pinpoints the places you're at most of the time you're on the court, you sort of become a player that's stuck in this box.''' ,'''It is still amazing to me that I'm able to play and play at the level I'm playing at, having the success that I've had.''' ,]
+++