+++
author = "Rian Johnson"
title = "Rian Johnson Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Rian Johnson Quotes"
keywords = "rian johnson,rian johnson quotes,rian johnson quote,rian johnson sayings,rian johnson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My favorite sci-fi always uses its hook to amplify some bigger theme or idea - some emotional thrust.''' ,''''Game of Thrones' is just incredible, what they pull off every week.''' ,'''It's so much work to make a movie, and for me it has to get me off my butt. To get me actually writing you have to strike something inside, you have to hit a power main to get the energy. You have to strike something you care about.''' ,'''Teen movies often have an unspoken underlying premise in which high school is seen as less serious than the adult world. But when your head is encased in that microcosm it's the most serious time of your life.''' ,'''Writing is not fun.''' ,'''I bristle a little when the argument for film gets put into the nostalgia ghetto. Film is still the highest quality and best-looking image capture medium available. I don't think it always will be. The digital image will get better, and it will eventually surpass the quality of the film image, but it isn't there yet.''' ,'''I grew up having a sense of who Luke Skywalker is.''' ,'''Even if I had $200 million, I'm very wary of overusing CGI. I think it's a great tool and it can be used really effectively, but I feel like it does tend to be overused and especially in sci-fi stuff.''' ,'''I just don't think CGI is up to manipulating the human face yet. I feel like you can get away with it with aliens or monsters or something that's intentionally foreign, but I have yet to see anything digital to do with the human face that doesn't just look ridiculous.''' ,'''I'm just randomly wandering around the Walt Disney studios making pew-pew sounds, trying to direct people, and nobody listens to me anymore. I'm turning into a Force ghost. It's a strange feeling.''' ,'''With 'Brick,' the style with language and the way it was shot was to create a world obviously elevated from the very first frame above a typical high school.''' ,'''Luke Skywalker, right now, is the last Jedi. There's always wiggle room in these movies - everything is from a certain point of view - but coming into our story, he is the actual last of the Jedi.''' ,'''With 'Brick' there was the Dashiell Hammett influence, and with 'Brothers Bloom' there was a really strong Fellini influence - both those movies wore that on their sleeve.''' ,'''Showing your movie to an audience... it's like your kid doing a piano recital. 'Just let it not fail. Please.'''' ,'''It was never in the plan for me to direct 'Episode IX,' so I don't know what's going to happen with it.''' ,'''For me, I was entirely focused on 'Episode VIII' and having this experience, and now I'm just thinking of putting the movie out there and seeing how audiences respond to it.''' ,'''You go from these high hopes when you're writing to just a desperate want of not making a complete fool of yourself by the end of it.''' ,'''Ray Bradbury was the first author that I was really exposed to back in grade school. I'm a big Philip K. Dick fan, but the emotion and humanity that Bradbury brings to his stories and the way he uses sci-fi to get at the human heart is something that's unique and for me incredibly influential.''' ,'''I do love science fiction, but it's not really a genre unto itself; it always seems to merge with another genre. With the few movies I've done, I've ended up playing with genre in some way or another, so any genre that's made to mix with others is like candy to me. It allows you to use big, mythic situations to talk about ordinary things.''' ,'''In almost the same way you know what your grandmother looks and sounds like, you know what Bruce Willis looks and sounds like.''' ,'''It took a while before I could sit across the table with Mark and not, every three seconds, think, 'I'm talking to Luke Skywalker.'''' ,'''Belgrade has kind of a Dublinesque, dear-dirty charm.''' ,'''The critical reaction to 'Bloom' has been similar to 'Brick.' There are people on board with it and people who are not.''' ,''''Star Wars' was everything for me. As a little kid, you get to see the movies only once or twice, but playing with the toys in your backyard, that's where you're first telling stories in your head.''' ,'''The overwhelming reaction on set was everybody loved the porgs. And I love 'em, so you know what? I get it if people are a little wary of cuteness in the 'Star Wars' universe, but I personally love them, and I think they have their place in the movie.''' ,'''I feel like people want to be surprised when they get out of the movies. They want something thrown at them they didn't expect. They want stuff that reminds them of the feelings that you get when you're watching art house movies but with the fun of like a big summer movie. That's the goal, I guess.''' ,'''Well, you know, we all grew up as 'Star Wars' fans.''' ,'''All my favorite movies are somebody else's least favorite movie.''' ,'''As to whether Luke is the 'Last Jedi,' they say in 'The Force Awakens' he's going to find the last Jedi temple and Luke is the last Jedi.''' ,'''I do think that I'm a big believer in having an idea or having ideas and just tucking them away in the back of your brain. Even if you aren't consciously thinking of them, I think they simmer. You're working on them, even if you don't know you're working on them, and I think having something in your head for a while is a valuable thing.''' ,'''It was so emotional to step onto the Millennium Falcon set because that was the play set we all had when we were kids. Suddenly, you were standing in the real thing. There's this rush of unreality about it.''' ,'''I was a musical theater kid in high school.''' ,'''I mean, the first 'Back to the Future' is kind of a perfect script, I think, in terms of handling time travel the best. It depends on your definition. To me, that means it effectively uses it in the story.''' ,'''Unlike some of the time-travel movies I love, like 'Primer' or '12 Monkeys,' 'Looper' is not about time travel. It's about this situation that time travel creates and the people dealing with that situation. So narratively, the big challenge was to have time travel get out of the way.''' ,''''Star Wars' boils down to the transition from adolescence into adulthood.''' ,'''Writing Kylo Ren is just so much fun.''' ,'''You never want to make a 'message movie', but you always want to be talking about something that you care about.''' ,'''With 'Brick,' I wrote the script when I was 23 and didn't make the movie until I was 30.''' ,'''Hopefully with each thing that you do you're learning something, you're growing, and you're pushing yourself a little harder in some way or another. So I think you'd be in real trouble if each new thing that you create didn't feel like 'Oh, wow. I feel like I'm doing something a little different this time.'''' ,]
+++