+++
author = "Simone Biles"
title = "Simone Biles Quotes"
quotes_len = "95"
description = "the best 95 Simone Biles Quotes"
keywords = "simone biles,simone biles quotes,simone biles quote,simone biles sayings,simone biles saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I didn't get the high school opportunity, but it always worked out.''' ,'''At the end of the day, if I can say I had fun, it was a good day.''' ,'''Stay healthy, have fun with it, and embrace all the moments. Because anything can happen.''' ,'''I tune it all out because if I let other people's stress get to me, then I stress myself out more than I need to.''' ,'''I have practice from 9 A.M. to 12 P.M., and then I drive home and eat lunch, which is either chicken or fish so I get the protein.''' ,'''It's amazing that I can inspire little kids to know that you can be short or tall, and your body type doesn't matter because you can do anything.''' ,'''I think for me, the most fun competition that I've had was my first Worlds.''' ,'''My first experience with gymnastics was when I was in daycare. We took a field trip to a gym, and I was hooked.''' ,'''I don't do bugs.''' ,'''In the morning, I usually get up between 7:40 A.M. and 7:45 A.M., and then I'll brush my teeth, do my hair, and just throw on my leotard and my clothes and go to the kitchen.''' ,'''When we had free time in the Olympic Village, we got massages and rested while watching Netflix.''' ,'''We go to church on Sunday and then have family dinner. My mom usually cooks, and most of the time, it's protein and something else. She will ask us kids what we want!''' ,'''Everything I do is in the gym, so I'm always in gym clothes. I'm excited to explore lifestyle clothes for a little bit.''' ,'''People comment on my pictures, 'Stay healthy.'''' ,'''Gymnastics is just one part of my life, and I'm having as much fun with it as possible.''' ,'''I feel like I'm small and mighty and pack a powerful punch, just like Tide PODS.''' ,'''I don't fear what will happen, but you just get ahead of yourself, like, 'Oh my gosh, I wish it would happen now.'''' ,'''I'm very fortunate to have a coach that I got to stay with all this time. Every year the bond gets stronger and better, and we understand each other more. And it's like she can tell if I walk into the gym what kind of mood I'm in, what she has to fix for the practice I need, or how I'm feeling.''' ,'''I never thought about competing in the Olympic Games when I was growing up.''' ,'''I make breakfast, which is usually Kellogg's Red Berries or egg whites, and then I go to the gym that's only 10 minutes away.''' ,'''You can't get too caught up in yourself.''' ,'''I started gymnastics when I was six years old. I was at day care, and they took us on a field trip to a gym club, Bannon's Gymnastix in Houston, and that's how I got started.''' ,'''I love competing.''' ,'''I'm not a celebrity. I'm just the same Simone. I just have two Olympic Gold medals now.''' ,'''It was a very long and hard decision. My dad kept telling me, 'You can always go to college, but you can't always go pro.' That made sense to me.''' ,'''Always work hard and have fun in what you do because I think that's when you're more successful. You have to choose to do it.''' ,'''I don't really think about the degree of difficulty or the possibility of making a mistake. I just try to relax and let my preparation and training take over.''' ,'''It doesn't even matter if I don't win a self-gold - after every meet, I have pizza. Pepperoni pizza.''' ,'''A successful competition for me is always going out there and putting 100 percent into whatever I'm doing. It's not always winning. People, I think, mistake that it's just winning. Sometimes it could be, but for me, it's hitting the best sets I can, gaining confidence, and having a good time and having fun.''' ,'''For me, I don't think about size - I focus more on being powerful and confident.''' ,'''As a kid growing up, I was never like, 'I want to go to the Olympics,' so having to pass on 2012 because I was too young didn't bother me at all.''' ,'''I have everything I need, so there are no blanks left unfilled.''' ,'''If you ever have a mistake, you try to just kind of forget about it because if you carry that with you for the rest of the routine, then the rest of your routine might not go as planned. So you just kind of shake it off, and you just continue your routine like you didn't fall.''' ,'''I was built this way for a reason, so I'm going to use it.''' ,'''I guess I just have really tough skin.''' ,'''If they said, 'Do five pull-ups,' I would always want to do 10.''' ,'''That's what I love about how diverse our team is - we have such different body types, yet together, we build the best team there is. I think we're stronger together than individually.''' ,'''My mom, Nellie, got me a rosary at church. I don't use it to pray before a competition. I'll just pray normally to myself, but I have it there in case.''' ,'''Most of our fans don't get to interact with us or know our personalities except through social media.''' ,'''I think we have other things to worry about than some Zika virus.''' ,'''At some point, I'll have to go get a real job.''' ,'''We've always had each other's backs in and out of competition. We support each other the most because we're the only ones that know what it's like to go through what we do, and so we can't be more thankful for each other. We're like sisters.''' ,'''If I disappoint someone, it's their loss for putting that expectation on me when they don't know me. I can't control what they want.''' ,'''Father served in the Air Force for 22 years.''' ,'''We strive for greatness.''' ,'''Before a big event, I usually go to church and light a candle for St. Sebastian, who is the patron saint of athletes.''' ,'''There are goals that I have, and then I dream of it, and then I make it a reality. If I could crawl out of my skin and see it, it would be really amazing.''' ,'''When I was younger, I thought every kid was adopted because that's all I've known. I have everything I need, so I never felt the need to have answers for what happened.''' ,'''If I won gold in 2016, I think it would change my life.''' ,'''Mentally, I have to get my body and mind in the right place before I start the routine, but once into the zone, it's like I turn on a switch. I envision myself doing the same thing for the Olympic Games.''' ,'''One of my favourite things to do is compete for a crowd. It's just really fun for me.''' ,'''The sport is called artistic gymnastics. So you do have to be a little bit of an actress.''' ,'''As athletes, we're always going to have aches and pains, but when your teammates cheer you on, you don't think about it.''' ,'''They're like, 'Oh, you did a...' and I'm like, 'I did a what?' No, I flipped twice. I twisted twice. They go, 'It's called a...' and I'm like, 'Why do I need to know that? I just need to go and do that.'''' ,'''I take things one step at a time.''' ,'''I am like any typical teenager.''' ,'''The reaction of the public plays a very important role. It gives us an adrenaline boost, especially when people start to shout and clap their hands in time with the music. That really helps us to go on.''' ,'''I think I'm teaching my teammates that they can still be successful while having fun and enjoying the moment rather than being a stone cold brick.''' ,'''If I thought of gymnastics as a job, it would put too much stress on me.''' ,'''Everything is possible at any one competition.''' ,'''You can have fun and do well. Just let loose a bit.''' ,'''I always say my biggest competitor is myself because, whenever I step out there on the mat, I'm competing against myself to prove that I can do this and that I am very well trained, prepared for it.''' ,'''You don't have to be serious all the time to do a good job.''' ,'''I feel like it's harder because everyone knows I'm the three-time world champion - it's almost like people are waiting for something bad to happen.''' ,'''I can only control what I do when I go compete.''' ,'''Growing up, it was kind of a struggle being small, since everyone would make fun of you - except for when it came to hide and seek: that's the only advantage I ever had!''' ,'''I don't necessarily have favorite brands.''' ,'''It hurts my head, but it's fine because it's something I do every day. You can't avoid the gymnastics questions.''' ,'''I just keep surprising myself, I guess.''' ,'''I love a good Netflix binge!''' ,'''I'm thrilled that I was able to share my first Olympic Games experience with my U.S. teammates.''' ,'''The support down here in Rio has been amazing - between my family, Team U.S.A. and Team Kellogg's, I've felt so much love. This whole experience has been a dream come true.''' ,'''So far, my goals stops at making an Olympic team, and then if that happens, then I'll jot down more goals.''' ,'''I'm the first Simone Biles.''' ,'''My parents make sure we have everything we need so that we compete to the best of our abilities.''' ,'''I'm always trying to push myself to the limit to see what I can do. It's my strong will that I've always had since I was a kid.''' ,'''Most athletes get intimidated once they see how many fans are out there, but it almost calms me down in a way because I think of it as a fun way to show off what I've been working on.''' ,'''I was missing out on public school and going to the football games, prom or homecomings. But I've been to three World Championships... so I think it's like a win-win.''' ,'''I have dual citizenship.''' ,'''I spend a lot of time in the gym training, and Core Power is a great fit for my nutritional needs.''' ,'''I've never been to the Olympics, so I don't know what to expect. It's better for me, just like my first Worlds... My third Worlds, I knew what it was like, so I was like, 'Oh my goodness. But this is my first Olympics, and not knowing what to expect is good for me.''' ,'''I didn't really ever dream of going to the Olympics until after 2012.''' ,'''Sometimes I hear the crowd cheering, and most of the time your body's on auto pilot, so sometimes even after I do a floor routine, I'm like, 'Did I really just do that?'''' ,'''The floor exercise is a way to express your personality.''' ,'''Every year, I think of Worlds as the big meet, but now, it's the Olympics. I'm blessed to even have the opportunity to think about it and work for it.''' ,'''I would be like, 'Oh, my gosh, I wish I could go to prom.' But then I think, 'You know what? A lot of people can't say they've ever done what I do - they'll never have this opportunity.'''' ,'''If anybody has a bad day, they'll just come to my room because they know I'll bring out the positive in everything, or I'll make them laugh, or I'll be just crazy.''' ,'''One of my proudest moments was probably 2013 Worlds because I proved to myself that I could do things that I didn't think I could.''' ,'''I would say to always follow your dream. And dream big because my whole career, including any of the things that I've accomplished, I never thought in a million years that I would be here. So it just proves that once you believe in yourself, and you put your mind to something, you can do it.''' ,'''For me to compete at the highest level, training and living a healthy lifestyle is an everyday focus for me, and I'm excited to be a part of the Everyday Awesome team!''' ,'''Most people would focus on concentrating more, and I can't do that. It almost makes me overthink a lot of my things. I have to focus on not thinking.''' ,'''You can still be very good at what you do and have fun.''' ,'''I'm not the next Usain Bolt or Michael Phelps.''' ,'''We all have skills, I guess.''' ,'''I never felt I had questions or needed answers or had a part of me that was missing.''' ,]
+++