+++
author = "Robert A. Schuller"
title = "Robert A. Schuller Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Robert A. Schuller Quotes"
keywords = "robert a. schuller,robert a. schuller quotes,robert a. schuller quote,robert a. schuller sayings,robert a. schuller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Don't let a temporal way to connect be a poor substitute for an eternal way. Without first being connected vertically to God, all the social networking contacts in the world won't be enough.''' ,'''Good things are often birthed from adversity.''' ,'''I think family-run ministries are fabulous, but they have to be placed in proper governance.''' ,'''I'm short-selling my house. I have more loans than I can sell the house for. The house will not go into foreclosure. It will be a short sale. I can't afford the house as I once could.''' ,'''The Crystal Cathedral Ministries, the assets and the buildings, would still be in the hands of the ministries if my father would have simply walked away. When I accepted the role as the next senior pastor, he had agreed to be an ambassador-at-large and raise funds for the endowment fund. He didn't do that.''' ,'''I'm fully and completely convinced that the 'Hour of Power' is a step in leading people to a fuller understanding of who Jesus is. I can't tell you how many people have watched the 'Hour of Power' and say, 'Now I feel confident to be able to go to a church'... That's what the 'Hour of Power' does.''' ,'''I think there's definitely a potential there for a congregation to survive without the Crystal Cathedral. The congregation is the people. It's not the building.''' ,'''They decided to no longer air my messages on 'The Hour of Power.' They felt they could have greater impact if they had lots of different preachers. 'The Hour of Power' owns the Crystal Cathedral, and the owners, in effect, evicted me... so that they could have other preachers on Sunday mornings.''' ,]
+++