+++
author = "John Cho"
title = "John Cho Quotes"
quotes_len = "105"
description = "the best 105 John Cho Quotes"
keywords = "john cho,john cho quotes,john cho quote,john cho sayings,john cho saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think the ability to emphasize is, in large part, what makes me a man and not a boy.''' ,'''Our species likes being social.''' ,'''The more roles there are, the more actors there are.''' ,'''It just seemed hedonistic when I first started acting. It was a pleasurable thing. But as I look back on it now, I understand that it was a journey of the self for me.''' ,'''That's a huge part of being a human being: looking for love and finding a partner in this world. When you constantly play characters who don't have that life, it feels incomplete and not totally human.''' ,'''Even though there's a lot of horror from Asia in the American cinematic tradition, I hadn't seen Asians at the center of it.''' ,'''You know, I always root for the older athlete. I root for the second album. I root for solo careers after the rock star breaks the band apart.''' ,'''For me, the most interesting thing is longevity and sustaining a career, because that's what's truly difficult.''' ,'''Actors are supposed to be these runaways that get in a covered wagon filled with hats and tambourines and go from town to town making people smile.''' ,'''It's so funny that Hollywood has become so entrenched in its formulas. Because what I've experienced is that the good stuff comes from places you don't expect.''' ,'''I accept what people say. I don't have time to dissect it.''' ,'''When you're not born in this country, you kind of study how people talk and how they act, and you try and break things down.''' ,'''Movies may be as close to a document of our national culture as there is; they're supposed to represent what we believe ourselves to be. So when you don't see yourself at all - or see yourself erased - that hurts.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel indie directors are in the game so they can make a film to get hired to do a big film - that we're all doing this person's reel.''' ,'''Whenever I meet a Korean, I ask about their immigration history.''' ,'''You're trying to grow up, and you don't want to be like your parents, and that gets mixed up with being Korean... They brought their values from Korea, and I accepted them because I didn't know anything more. But as I grow older, I feel more Korean every year; it's very strange.''' ,'''Asians narratively in shows are insignificant. They're the cop or the waitress or whatever it is. You see them in the background.''' ,'''The Asian-American kids I meet respond to a democracy in the vulgarity of my roles.''' ,'''My wife and I were worried, when we had our firstborn, about how he was going to think of himself in a mostly white neighborhood. Particularly Asian men, I feel, we suffer more than Asian women, because we're told we're not worth anything in general.''' ,'''I've played roles that aren't expected of an Asian.''' ,'''The scariest thing is to go into a new situation for myself, and yet I have a job where I do that every few months, meet a hundred new people, and then have to perform in a very highly pressurized environment.''' ,'''I'd like to be in a Western.''' ,'''I've had an unusual career in that I've never had a big break, but the rent always seemed to get paid.''' ,'''I think my parents were surprisingly cool with me entering the arts. Although, I think they thought it was going to be a phase, and they didn't expect me to actually stick with it, and rightfully so. They were concerned whether I could afford groceries, being an actor.''' ,'''I think obviously the 'Harold and Kumar' stuff is trying to lean head first into the raunch.''' ,'''I've been called a funny person for a long time. I don't know that I know anything about comedic acting.''' ,''''Star Trek' seems to be an appeal to our better nature, the side of ourselves that works toward peace and cooperation and understanding and knowledge and yearns to seek out knowledge rather than the side that wants to divide and control one another.''' ,'''I need my comedy to offend. That's my personal views.''' ,'''I've never even seen a Cheech and Chong movie.''' ,''''Lost' was a phenomenon, like Elvis.''' ,'''I wanted to explore Korean-American characters. And 'Columbus' did address that. The father-son dynamic felt very real to me.''' ,'''To be able to communicate with people on the other side of the globe is interesting, in an instant.''' ,'''I don't know what the next frontier is, but good comedy should put its toe into taboo waters. You have to transgress a little bit, and that area shifts with culture and with the year.''' ,'''Most people deal with grief in an awkward way, and that can be funny.''' ,'''For a while, I was feeling like I was always playing characters that weren't specifically Korean or specifically Asian, even - that they were characters who were originally written white, and then they would cast me. And I used to consider that a badge of honor because that meant I had avoided stereotypes.''' ,'''I got sort of sick of seeing Asians being the blank, bland real estate agent or something. I didn't care. It didn't mean anything to me.''' ,'''I just didn't see anyone on TV who looked like me, and then I saw George Takei being cool and piloting the spaceship on television.''' ,'''I had a stereotype in my mind of what a 'Star Trek' fans is, but I couldn't have been more wrong.''' ,'''Typically, actors overplay jargon or toss it away in an extravagant display of casualness. Real people hit the important parts hard.''' ,'''I have a few go-to moves like jazz hands, shake the booty, stupid eyes. It was once a mating ritual, but now it's all about looking silly and making the kids smile.''' ,'''With 'The Exorcist,' a lot of things went into it. I hadn't seen the show until they asked me, and then I checked the show out and thought it was very well done.''' ,'''Everyone posts everything in real time as it happens.''' ,'''That's what it is: a 'Harold & Kumar' movie is a romance between two best friends.''' ,'''I try to take roles that don't fall within the parameters of any Asian stereotype.''' ,'''I feel like there's this need that the Asian-American community has to feel like people. It's something that Asians in Asia do not understand about us.''' ,'''When you get something off the ground, it's fantastic, and you feel really close to that group of people.''' ,'''I think about John Lennon all the time. What would John Lennon do? What would John Lennon say if he got this part? How would he act? I don't know, but he's my moral barometer.''' ,'''I have this nightmare that one day I will have to look at every picture I've ever taken with people in an airport or in bars or restaurants, and it will make me very sad.''' ,'''There's only so much I can do to effect change - and really, the thing that I can do that's most effective is to work and to do good work. That, I feel, is speaking out in its own way.''' ,'''I didn't think it was possible for Asians to be actors.''' ,'''Good things will come from self-expression.''' ,'''Culture is this thing that exists apart from our real life but is something we all have tacitly agreed to in America. And what film and television do, particularly in this country, is lay out the characters involved in this invisible agreement and dictate who and what can participate.''' ,'''What was exciting to me in talking to Kogonada was I was just very convinced that he was a very real and pure artist. He was so uninterested in the commercial game.''' ,'''I like to flip flop, but making your days work to find a laugh is a really good way to spend a day. I appreciate it more going away and then coming back to it.''' ,'''People expect me to be funnier.''' ,'''The biggest boss has the clearest desk.''' ,'''The goal of Asians in the arts is plurality of roles. I've always been hindered by me over-thinking what is a stereotype and what isn't.''' ,'''I never saw 'Home Alone.'''' ,'''I don't know if I trust entertainment to teach anyone anything.''' ,'''I get called Harold the most. I think maybe 'Harold & Kumar' fans don't know my name, and 'Star Trek' fans do know my name... Harold fans are vocal!''' ,'''As an immigrant, I learned by watching other people.''' ,'''The key to doing 'Harold and Kumar' movies is you make it earnest. Primarily what we do is make Harold and Kumar's relationship and friendship believable, and we don't actually work on being that funny.''' ,'''One of the things I like about comedy in general is that it affords Asian Americans the opportunity to not be noble.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like I don't dream big enough.''' ,'''I personally would love to see Harold and Kumar with children. I think that would be hilarious.''' ,'''As long as the rent's getting paid, you don't think about getting out of the game.''' ,'''It's hard in America as a writer of color, an actor of color, not to get caught up in race and culture. But you're also supposed to be able to write characters and scenes in a way where it's just a matter of fact, a component.''' ,'''The worst thing for a kid is to move around and switch schools, but as an actor, you go from job to job, meeting strangers and becoming very close right away. I've become adept at that.''' ,'''I would love to do Shakespeare, either onstage or on film.''' ,'''What's impressed me about 'Star Trek' fans is how many generations they span and how many nations they represent. They are all over the place.''' ,'''When I started acting... the community was largely Chinese-American or Japanese-American, so even then I felt like a minority in the minority.''' ,'''When I saw 'My Fair Lady,' I was surprised at how mean and misogynistic Henry was. Maybe that's why it's dropping out of public consciousness.''' ,'''I am a little curmudgeonly about new media.''' ,'''I campaigned for Obama, and that was such a big component of getting the vote out, was social media.''' ,'''The message of 'Star Trek,' if there is one, seems to be that we should try to live up to the very best that we're capable of.''' ,'''I've thought for years, sometimes against my will, about what kind of son I'm supposed to be, what's expected. Being Korean, that's a particularly charged question. Is your duty to your culture or to your parent? Is your life your own, or the second half of your parents' life? Who owns your life?''' ,'''I'm not a good improv-er, which is what a lot of comedic actors are really good at. I have failed miserably when I've been asked to improvise.''' ,'''Part of my mission as an actor has been to define what an American is.''' ,'''I think Hollywood acts like followers of culture and is constantly seeking to follow trends.''' ,'''I grew up watching the Lakers.''' ,'''I don't feel comfortable as an insider.''' ,'''I don't like when an Asian-American actor says, 'I'm entering this business to change Hollywood.' It feels like the wrong reason - I would prefer they entered the business for artistic reasons, because they need to do it.''' ,'''There was a while where every role I was getting offered was extremely noble - like the judge or the kindly nurse.''' ,'''I've found it to be true that sometimes a stranger can give you advice that stays with you, utter truths the closest people in your life have trouble saying.''' ,'''Whenever I'm on my way to a premiere or something, I always have a good laugh in the car... because it's all so absurd - I'm one generation removed from starvation.''' ,'''There is a real Harold Lee.''' ,'''Ninety per cent of being a parent is just being present and available.''' ,'''With acting, you are a small part of the creative process, and sometimes it is hard to feel like you are making an impact.''' ,'''I have an affinity for comedy because I like to watch them. It's an honor to make comedies because I love being able to pop something into the DVD player and laugh. I love doing it.''' ,'''I want to walk the bases - I want to do all the actor-y stuff.''' ,'''The thing about kissing men - how do people stand it? The stubble is maddening.''' ,'''Early on, I played a Chinese delivery person, and even that, which was very innocuous, felt like I was somehow betraying myself. I felt very self-conscious on set doing that role, with a crew that was almost entirely white.''' ,'''When I first started acting in college, at Cal, the thing that I loved about acting was not being onstage but going into rehearsals. The thing, as I look back on it now, that I was most attracted to, was that I felt like I'd found my family. It was just a bunch of loonies.''' ,'''I grew up speaking Korean, but my dad spoke English very well. I learned a lot of how to speak English by watching television.''' ,'''I'm not an activist, I'm an actor. I don't want to be an activist.''' ,'''I write, and I sing, and I play a little guitar. I mean, it's tiny. Ba-dump-bum!''' ,'''I like that guy Matthew Perry a lot.''' ,'''I wanted to do 'Manzanar' because I'd never done anything like it before. The spoken word there is between a drama and an essay, and I'd never worked in concert with an orchestra.''' ,'''It'd be nice if Asian actors could be perceived as profitable, which is the bottom line. We're perceived as not mattering much fiscally.''' ,'''I'm not a natural-born actor. So it's been a very slow learning curve for me.''' ,''''Sesame Street' early on and then 'Little House on the Prairie' was a big deal in our house. I always identified with 'Little House' because they were wanderers, and there was something about being an immigrant.''' ,'''I've found that one's language abilities, especially for Korean kids like me, get frozen at the age you immigrated. So I've always associated Korea with being a child and being infantilized through my inability to speak.''' ,'''Just because it's in a movie doesn't mean it's real.''' ,'''Because I sidestepped all the stereotypical roles, in a way I've made a career out of not being Asian - a lot of my roles weren't written as Asian - so there's an impulse in me that wants to take a U-turn and play a very grounded, real Asian character, maybe an immigrant.''' ,'''When Mindy Kaling asks, I try my best to say yes.''' ,]
+++