+++
author = "Wayne Coyne"
title = "Wayne Coyne Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Wayne Coyne Quotes"
keywords = "wayne coyne,wayne coyne quotes,wayne coyne quote,wayne coyne sayings,wayne coyne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Music is amazing. There's some metaphysical comfort where it allows you to be isolated and alone while telling you that you are not alone... truly, the only cure for sadness is to share it with someone else.''' ,'''I can see that if this was an album done 10 or 15 years ago we could see we were moving on to some place else.''' ,'''We made music that wouldn't be in synch.''' ,'''We hear so many records these days that are done with click tracks, as opposed to a drummer.''' ,'''Sometimes the song title comes with the songs, other times you just sorta make something up afterwards.''' ,'''We never thought it would be something everyone would listen to. We never thought people who listen to Britney Spears would run to listen to it. It was intended for people on the fanatical side of production and hi-fi.''' ,'''I am not that thrilled about the way our records sound anyway. Don't get me wrong, I work hard on them and I want them to sound fantastic but I'm happy to have another interpretation of them anyway.''' ,'''There is a lot of melody and things that sound familiar in hundreds of songs.''' ,'''It really is no different in the way that we make records and shoot music videos. I don't think of the movie as being a great leap out of my current profession.''' ,'''Most music that you hear is in synch with itself. We were experimenting with the music falling out of synch with itself and even though it is out of synch you mind can still understand what it is meant to be doing.''' ,'''I embrace the idea that I'm an entertainer.''' ,'''I stopped caring so much about what people might think if I sung about love and humanity.''' ,'''Our publicist at Warner Brothers is a young guy who has worked so hard for seven years with us and when we saw him backstage he broke down and cried. He couldn't believe it happened. It was seeing him so overcome when we realised how much it really meant.''' ,'''Most artists I run into aren't that thrilled with what they do anyway. They are glad to have different versions out there to see which one the audience likes the best.''' ,'''We love playing music but we're too weird to play music.''' ,'''With out art, without communicating, we wouldn't live beyond 30 because we'd be so sad and depressed.''' ,'''Even in the beginning, when we knew there was a legal argument about how much our song sounds like his song, as one songwriter to another, I wasn't sure that Cat Stevens would take that as bad.''' ,'''If you have a song that you think sounds like another song you should contact the publishing company and say I have a song here, let's cut a deal that lets everyone walk away feeling good.''' ,'''I knew she was from Australia and I knew that is where she started but I didn't know if she was still popular there. I hope people understand we aren't making fun of Kylie.''' ,'''People have given me the freedom and believe in me enough to say if I want to do these things that I will find a way to make it work. I don't know if they think I'm crazy, drug damaged or just an old weirdo.''' ,'''I want people to be ecstatic but to cry at the same time.''' ,'''We love it when we make mistakes that are better than something you could think up.''' ,'''When we went to cover it I thought we would change it to a song of loving and longing instead of the sex machine song Kylie turned it into. I've met Kylie and told her we were covering her song and she was pleased.''' ,'''Anyway, Cat Stevens is never going to make much money out of us.''' ,'''When we started there was this element of these experiments we were doing where we weren't really sure how the music would play out because the music was all on different players.''' ,'''It was endlessly entertaining, watching people beat each other up. All the little kids in the neighborhood would come and watch... and then we'd beat them up as well.''' ,]
+++