+++
author = "Glenn Mcgrath"
title = "Glenn Mcgrath Quotes"
quotes_len = "84"
description = "the best 84 Glenn Mcgrath Quotes"
keywords = "glenn mcgrath,glenn mcgrath quotes,glenn mcgrath quote,glenn mcgrath sayings,glenn mcgrath saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's incredible what the Sydney Test has become - it's now iconically the pink Sydney Test. It's the sixth year that the McGrath Foundation has been involved and the support from everyone in cricket - right across the board, supporters, teams, you name it - has been absolutely incredible.''' ,'''Since retirement, I have been given the opportunity to spend time with my family. I have three children, aged 16, 14 and one. That is what is really important to me. I have also done a little commentating in Australia and am part of the MRF academy in Chennai.''' ,'''If they don't execute well enough then there's nothing much a coach can do. But if they do execute those plans correctly and they don't work, then you need to be able to adapt and come up with something different.''' ,'''If you've got one bowler - particularly a fast bowler - who is really aggressive, all over the opposition, he brings the rest of the team along with him.''' ,'''The Australian approach to playing cricket in general is quite an aggressive one.''' ,'''Sometimes when things are happening outside the team, when forces are at work to try to break the team apart or cause issues, it can actually have a different effect - it can bring the boys closer together. They become more of a unit and they start to protect each other.''' ,'''An Australian prime minister once said that his job was the second most important job in the country - behind being captain of the cricket team. It's not a job you take on lightly.''' ,'''The night before a game, I'd think about who I was playing, and then how I'd bowled against those guys, if I had got them out previously. While I was playing, I could recall nearly all my wickets and how I got the batsman out.''' ,'''In the past, I bowled at players like Michael Atherton, Alec Stewart, Nasser Hussain, Michael Vaughan and Marcus Trescothick.''' ,'''Consistency in selection is great but it's a whole lot easier if you've got players who warrant that consistency through their performances.''' ,'''You know there is something a little bit special about an Ashes.''' ,'''My parents split up when I was 16, and, while Mum came to a few Tests, Dad didn't make many. So I was glad he was at Lord's.''' ,'''England fans should be pretty happy to have Jofra Archer in their Test team - because he is something special.''' ,'''A lot of the emphasis on international bowlers is on their pace and Australia coach Darren Lehmann is a big fan of bowlers who can bowl 90mph-plus.''' ,'''The difference between first-class cricket and international cricket isn't skill, it's attitude and the way you go about things.''' ,'''It's a funny thing, life... as much as you don't want the sun to come up, it comes up the next day. Life continues on and you have to make a choice in how you handle it.''' ,'''Is there a secret to bowling at the Waca? In a way the secret is that there is no secret. Like any ground in the world, it's all about feel.''' ,'''Umpiring is a tough job. Don't get me wrong - I wouldn't want to be an umpire. You've got a split second to make a decision.''' ,'''You can come up with all the gameplans that you want but the guys in the middle have to execute those plans. If Jimmy Anderson or Stuart Broad serves up a leg-stump half-volley, you can't turn round and blame Andy Flower.''' ,'''Sport is something that crosses all boundaries and can really bring people together.''' ,'''When you've got a team who are making a concerted effort to make a batsman feel uncomfortable it can look pretty ordinary.''' ,'''You're always going to get different personalities within a team.''' ,'''My experience with Australia in the 1997 Ashes series taught me that fighting back is a combination of technique and mindset.''' ,'''I had always had the same pre-match routine that I went through every day - get up, go down for a swim and a stretch, back to the room for a shower, then down for brekkie - the same routine every game, and it got me ready.''' ,'''I was part of the Australia team that lost the first Test at Edgbaston in 1997 and yet came back to win the series quite comfortably in the end.''' ,'''If you are good enough to play international cricket, you can take wickets - but you have to bowl the right length.''' ,'''The Sydney Cricket Ground is my favourite ground in the world, my home ground, and growing up in the bush all I wanted was to play at the SCG.''' ,'''The Australian team that I was lucky enough to play in had a certain aura and sometimes you had teams beaten before you even walked on the field.''' ,'''When you let that discipline slip you're going to have big problems on the field.''' ,'''Jimmy Anderson deserves everything he gets, and even though he is an Englishman I will be delighted for him when he goes past my record and becomes the most prolific fast bowler in Test history.''' ,'''That was how we categorised ourselves in the dressing room - you were either a nerd or a Julio. Julios have got to look perfect - the hair has got to be perfect, they've got to have the right gear on, it's all about their appearance. The nerds weren't bothered about how they looked.''' ,'''Losing Jane was tragic and I thought I'd never get married again, or have more children, or would even ever want to.''' ,'''The best thing about Lord's isn't the slope, it's just being there.''' ,'''What's the difference between a good player and a great player? A good player plays well in his own conditions - a great player plays well in all conditions.''' ,'''I loved playing at Lord's - I ended up with 26 wickets at 11.50 from three Tests there. Maybe the wicket, because of the slope, was perfect for my style of bowling.''' ,'''You still have to enjoy the tour games. If you go out there and just go through the motions, you can easily get into bad habits, you lose a bit of rhythm or a bit of form and then things can go pretty bad pretty quickly.''' ,'''If you continually watch yourself do something well, it has a positive effect. If you sat down and watched yourself bowling, batting or fielding badly, it will probably have the equal effect.''' ,'''I'm a very loyal, parochial Australian and I can never say we're going to lose a series.''' ,'''But if you have got a batsman out three or four times in the same series then you are in business - all of a sudden you have got yourself a bit of a bunny.''' ,'''Back in 2006-07 when we completed the first Ashes whitewash in 86 years, the historical significance didn't really filter in to our thinking. We didn't realise it at the time - we were just making amends for 2005.''' ,'''Have a little protection if that helps your bowler - Brett Lee always wanted a cover and a midwicket because they helped him bowl his natural length and made him more effective as a result.''' ,'''I was fortunate to go out on my terms while still at the top but a lot of people are not so lucky.''' ,'''If you have knocked over a batsman once - fine, it happens. Twice, OK. But more than that in the space of a few Tests then there is definitely something to work with.''' ,'''The one thing you can't do is get carried away with that pace and bounce. There's a temptation to charge in and just slam the ball into the pitch and you can end up bowling too short. You still have to bowl the right length so that you threaten to take wickets.''' ,'''You can tell yourself that everything is normal, and try to keep the same routine from every other Test match, but there is always something extra special about an Ashes series.''' ,'''Dotting teams up and bowling maidens back to back cannot be underestimated in Australian conditions because it gives you control of the game.''' ,'''When I was playing that was the main focus - you knew what you had to achieve but you want to have fun doing it, otherwise there's no point in doing it.''' ,'''I bowled in tandem with Brett Lee, who produced some fast, fiery spells. When you've got someone bowling up above 90mph, it has a fear factor that not many people really enjoy.''' ,'''As a fast bowler if you're not going to bowl well on a Perth wicket you're going to struggle in Australia.''' ,'''I'm keen to get into trophy hunting, no animal in particular, but a big safari in Africa would be great.''' ,'''I used to come out and say I was targeting certain players in the opposition team, particularly players I had had success against in the past: Gary Kirsten, Brian Lara and Michael Atherton, for example. It is a mental part of the game.''' ,'''One of the great things about cricket, and certainly something that I found helpful, was that as soon as you step over the boundary rope you can switch off everything that is happening off the field and focus solely on what is happening out on the pitch.''' ,'''To win Test matches consistently you've got to take 20 wickets - yes, you've got to score runs but if you can't bowl a team out it doesn't matter how many runs you score.''' ,'''Test cricket tests you physically and skill-wise, but also mentally. And you have to be solid on all three to do well.''' ,'''Standing at the end of your run with the ball in your hand preparing to bowl the first ball of an Ashes series is an amazing feeling.''' ,'''You can't go on living in past and having regrets. Its better people have a positive influence on other people's lives than worry about themselves.''' ,'''The support for the McGrath Foundation and what it has allowed the Foundation to achieve and grow into has been unbelievable.''' ,'''If you get on a roll - good or bad - it's hard to get out of it, but it's not impossible.''' ,'''A lot of people who have had the support of a McGrath breast care nurse, they come up and say what a positive difference it's made in their lives and that in itself makes me realise what we're doing is having a big positive effect and inspires me to keep going.''' ,'''The Foundation and Pink Day are about celebrating and hope, I know when the time comes and I move on, if I have people celebrating my life and what I bring to the world I'll be happy.''' ,'''The year 1989 was crucial for me because I had just moved from the country into Sydney to play first-class cricket. That was the time I heard of a teenager called Sachin Tendulkar, who had burst on to the scene and was being annointed as successor to the great Sunil Gavaskar.''' ,'''I always wondered if I would know the right time to retire. After that first Ashes Test in Brisbane in 2006 I had no intention of stopping. I was still focused and wanted a thousand international wickets. I was still driven.''' ,'''I'm expecting big things from our bowlers, from Peter Siddle, who plays the enforcer role, Stuart Clark, Mitchell Johnson and Brett Lee when he gets fit again. In batting, there's Phil Hughes, whose already done well for Australia and scored hundreds for Middlesex.''' ,'''I am devastated by the loss of my beautiful wife Jane. She was my best friend.''' ,'''When I made my debut in 1994-95 I bowled big outswingers pretty much every ball, because people had told me you should bowl consistent outties to take wickets.''' ,'''Big wins in the first Test of an Ashes series polarise everything moving forward.''' ,'''Australia play best when they've got a bit of mongrel about them, when they play hard out in the middle, when they don't give an inch, when they play an aggressive brand of cricket.''' ,'''There are more people enjoying wine in India, they are interested in exploring new things and I think wine is part of that journey.''' ,'''As a bowler it's a strange feeling when you start running through a team. You get that one wicket under your belt and suddenly you start running in feeling loose, feeling relaxed and thinking about what you want to bowl rather than focusing on trying to force that wicket.''' ,'''There's always a little bit of anticipation - some people call it nerves - the night before, and although I always slept pretty well before big matches, you want to be on edge a little bit to get the best out of yourself.''' ,'''The more you get a batsman out the more it becomes psychological. A batsman starts thinking about it and making something of it in his head.''' ,'''I think the important thing for budding cricketers is to always put in 100 per cent - to continue to be your best, work hard, don't ever think you are at the top of your ability, you can always improve.''' ,'''It's the games you lose or struggle in that you learn most from in Test cricket.''' ,'''By the time I made my international debut Tendulkar was already being counted among the best batsmen in the world. Most bowlers knew that his was the crucial wicket in an Indian batting line-up that boasted of many talented batsmen.''' ,'''If Australians give you a hard time, then they respect you.''' ,'''When you're playing in a good team where you're confident in yourself and your team-mates, when you've done the business before, it makes it so much easier.''' ,'''When I played in the Australia team the captains were all nerds. Allan Border was a nerd, Mark Taylor was a nerd, Steve Waugh was definitely a nerd and Ricky Ponting too.''' ,'''If the batsmen can give the bowlers a day and half of rest then that is going to work in the team's favour.''' ,'''I'd prefer to do the safari on foot, like they did in the old days and just take the camp with you, not driving around in 4WDs.''' ,'''When things aren't going well it can feel like the world is against you and there's nowhere to turn.''' ,'''I am quite a positive person. I always try to see the good in every situation, the good in everybody.''' ,'''A coach these days is more of a manager than a coach. At this level, you shouldn't really need a coach. You need someone to organise, to come up with gameplans and tactics, rather than someone who is going to do much actual coaching.''' ,'''My strength was probably more the mental side of the game rather than the skill side. I always had that self-belief that I was good enough. You have got to believe you are good enough, otherwise there is no point to it.''' ,'''I'm just very impressed with the way Jimmy Anderson goes about his business.''' ,]
+++