+++
author = "Jeetendra"
title = "Jeetendra Quotes"
quotes_len = "77"
description = "the best 77 Jeetendra Quotes"
keywords = "jeetendra,jeetendra quotes,jeetendra quote,jeetendra sayings,jeetendra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I genuinely treasure my friends, they are my real support... What I get from them is big support, relief and relaxation as we meet every day to play cards.''' ,'''Tabu, you may have many fans but I am your biggest fan.''' ,'''I would shoot for long periods in Chennai, and now I wish I spent more time with my family. That is what matters the most.''' ,'''I idolised Dilip Kumar, I've seen all his movies, 30-40 times each.''' ,'''The reason why we have so many stars campaigning for politics is that when we senior artistes go to speak to people, they at least listen to some extent.''' ,'''Success of a film has got nothing to do with whether it's a remake or an original.''' ,'''I can never forget Sridevi's determination to make it big in Bollywood.''' ,'''Jatin Khanna and I both changed our names for the silver screen. He became known the world over as Rajesh Khanna and from Ravi Kapoor, I transformed into Jeetendra! A little known fact is that we were also school friends.''' ,'''When television became popular, reality shows started coming up and with such reality shows, people got a platform to show their talent.''' ,'''Released in 1967, 'Farz' was the remake of a Telegu film that was turned down by most actors of the time - Manoj Kumar, Shashi Kapoor, Dharmendra... I was the needy and greedy one then and signed the film gladly.''' ,'''I came from a middle class family hence I had to struggle hard for success.''' ,'''My son is a better actor than me, only I was luckier.''' ,'''When I started out in 'Caravan,' I looked plump, but that looks fine when you are young. But as you age, you put on weight, it looks obnoxious, you slow down and carry a paunch.''' ,'''When I was working actively, I used to be in the studios for 12 hours. I didn't have any time for my family.''' ,'''I have done more than 250 films.''' ,'''I enjoyed harassing tram conductors.''' ,'''That is the one missing link in my life. I wish I had spent more time with my children.''' ,'''I never went to any disco, I didn't know anything about dance.''' ,'''As a child, I loved to eat sweets and enjoyed festivities and celebrations.''' ,'''I really appreciate her passion for work, which has not waned over the years. Ekta works as if it is the first day of her struggle.''' ,'''I don't think I'm meant for politics and don't even know the 'P' of it.''' ,'''Everyone must remember that when you experience success, you should never leave behind the cause of it - which is effort and dedication.''' ,'''I used to assist my chachaji in his artificial jewellery business. One day, I got the opportunity to visit V. Shantaram's film set to supply some jewellery. Curiosity got the better of me and before I knew it, I was playing an extra. Soon, roles with dialogues followed and the rest as they say, is history.''' ,'''I didn't find success immediately.''' ,'''I was glad to know that 'Caravan' was one of the first movies from Bollywood that was loved by the Chinese audience.''' ,'''My son Tusshar has given me a wonderful reason to be grateful for my life. My grandson has brought such joy in my family's lives.''' ,'''Farz' proved to be a flop for the first 10 weeks. I remember buying tickets worth Rs 5000 myself, just so the film would run in theatres longer. And in the 11th week the film miraculously picked up and ran for 50 weeks!''' ,'''I grew up in a chawl where the ganpati festival is celebrated in a big way.''' ,'''According to fathers, their kids are always good.''' ,'''I don't remember anything about Ekta and Tusshar's growing years. I don't remember playing with them, being with them, attending their school functions.''' ,'''To become a hero is simple but to direct a film is far more challenging work.''' ,'''I have no political ambitions; never want to be an MP or MLA or a Rajya Sabha member.''' ,'''I want to enjoy the success of my children.''' ,'''A baby is the biggest blessing and responsibility to have.''' ,'''I give credit for my fitness to my good genes.''' ,'''If one goes by my filmography, I have done several films of different genres.''' ,'''I think we as fathers have to say good things about our children or else they will beat us.''' ,'''I became a hero after V Shantaram cast me in 'Geet Gaya Pattharon Ne.' He paid me a monthly salary of 100 rupees!''' ,'''I can die peacefully now as both my babies have their own babies.''' ,'''My career was a roller-coaster ride but I never stopped taking chances.''' ,'''Life may have plans that will completely overthrow your pettiness.''' ,'''Growing up, I spent a lot of time in the darkened theatres.''' ,'''When my daughter Ektaa was born, she was weak and underweight and I was worried. I prayed to god to bless her with good health and he answered my prayers.''' ,'''Sometimes I think I've been a bad father.''' ,'''I don't think there is much left that I can explore as an actor.''' ,'''There was a time when I used to enter the film studios in the morning and come out only at night.''' ,'''I only watch 'Ye Hai Mohabbatein' on television. It's my favourite show and I absolutely love the bubbly character of Ruhi.''' ,'''One may get everything in life but to find true and good friends is difficult.''' ,'''As a child I liked to watch movies. As a young man I wanted to work in films.''' ,'''I know these are my mandatory overs, but I would like to do films for as long as I breathe.''' ,'''Films of stars as well non stars are working at the box office. People look out for content driven films.''' ,'''I can't wait to be a grandfather.''' ,'''You know it's completely fine to do remakes.''' ,'''My life is very simple, it is not worth being written into a biography, for that 'masala' is required.''' ,'''I can never forget the thrill of buying my first Fiat.''' ,'''I started out with V Shantaram. But my favourite director has been Gulzar, with whom I did intelligent cinema in movies like 'Khushboo,' 'Kinara' and 'Parichay.'''' ,'''Were Sridevi and Jaya Prada rivals? Look, I worked with both extensively. I even did films in which both were my co-stars. I never saw then being anything but thoroughly professional with one another.''' ,'''Ekta was an average student, and it's wonderful to see her success. She has tremendous conviction.''' ,'''I achieved big-time stardom with 'Farz.'''' ,'''There is a lot of talent in our country that needs to be exploited.''' ,'''God gave me everything - money, fame and love of people, more than what I feel I deserve.''' ,'''I always thought that consuming ghee is unhealthy and leads to putting on too much weight, but I was proved wrong.''' ,'''My childhood was spent in a typical Mumbai chawl at Girgaum and I studied at the nearby St. Sebastian School.''' ,'''I love Hyderabad.''' ,'''It is the public which turns a raja into 'rank' and a hero into a zero.''' ,'''I believe one must be happy in life.''' ,'''I feel that if you have the talent and are hard working, then no one can stop you.''' ,'''Amitabh is No. 1 to No. 10.''' ,'''Television is not an easy medium, as keeping the audience glued to the TV screens day after day is something which requires a lot of effort.''' ,'''With responsibility comes to passion, love, happiness and a purpose in life.''' ,'''There are lots of things that keep me busy.''' ,'''I don't know much of direction even after acting in so many movies. In fact, I still don't understand some simple things.''' ,'''For me, there is no specific place which I need to go to pray since I believe in one god.''' ,'''There was a time when I was called the wizard of the box-office.''' ,'''As actors, we have to constantly look after our appearances.''' ,'''Sridevi was magic on screen.''' ,'''You must have the willpower to avoid what is bad. It's simple: If you indulge, you will develop a bulge.''' ,]
+++