+++
author = "Emma Corrin"
title = "Emma Corrin Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Emma Corrin Quotes"
keywords = "emma corrin,emma corrin quotes,emma corrin quote,emma corrin sayings,emma corrin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We might take it for granted now, but back in the nineties, who was talking about mental health?''' ,'''I'm still figuring it all out, and I think everyone is. And that's kind of the point is that there's no fixed identity, especially for like people in the queer community. It's going to be an ongoing journey, but yeah, I hope that sharing it helps people.''' ,'''I thought my skin was really dry and I was worried about putting oil on it but I just needed to hydrate it.''' ,'''I think of myself as young, but I was 23 when we were filming. Diana was 19; 16 at the start.''' ,'''Grab onto things that resonate with you, that you relate to, or that you empathize with.''' ,'''I don't remember the decision to be an actor. It was just... a very stark interest.''' ,'''You think you're doing the coolest thing in the world when you're a teenager and you like someone.''' ,'''It's been a joke my entire life, because I'm quite limby, I'm very uncoordinated. Everyone finds it hysterical that I've started dancing.''' ,'''I feel like wellies are a classic Glasto go-to, but in the heat the Chelsea boot style was a good call.''' ,'''I get very anxious doing press and events, so it's important I surround myself with people I get on with and really trust.''' ,'''I feel I've got to know Diana like you would a friend. I know that sounds really weird, but I get a great sense of companionship from her.''' ,'''I've been aware of the incredible work that The Survivors Trust do for a while now and have wanted to find a way to launch a working relationship with them, to help raise money to fund all the crucial support they provide for survivors.''' ,'''Everyone has this insatiable need to share things with everyone. I think people want to be seen.''' ,'''A lot of people refer to young Diana as sweet and shy, and yeah, a lot of us are when we're 18 or whatever.''' ,'''I'm not a dancer at all.''' ,'''I think I'd be lying if I said it didn't help me in my journey with everything to play someone like Diana. She was so openhearted to everything and explored so much.''' ,'''When I was 16, I had a massive crush on our tennis coach and every time he came round to teach my brothers I used to sit outside and pretend to be reading something really intellectual.''' ,'''You do your job, you come home, and then like try and drown out the rest. I think it's a really important mindset to have, especially if stuff starts quickly and you're young. Because the rest of it is scary.''' ,'''I think I was trying to choose a name for him, and my flatmate was like, 'Oh, you should call him Diana.' I was like, 'Yeah. Very funny.' I think someone then said 'Diana Spencer,' and I'd always wanted to call my dog quite like an old person name, like Janet or something like that. 'Spencer' weirdly fit that bill.''' ,'''I'm not a night owl, but for Glasto there was no chance I was going to miss a moment. I heard intriguing things about watching the sunrise from the stone circle, so that was on my list.''' ,'''I wanted to quit school, and get an agent. My parents wouldn't let me. They wanted me to have an another option, to get a degree under my belt.''' ,'''But to be honest, for me it's always going to be about the story, and it's always going to be about how I feel about the work.''' ,'''I get very scared by make-up and I'm not very good at using it.''' ,'''I loved playing young Diana so much. I am so fond of her, it's almost insane.''' ,'''The sooner I can move away from doing posh English, the better, even though that's what I am.''' ,'''There were things I tried to emulate, like Diana's head tilt and her voice. She had a very unique way of speaking.''' ,'''I never looked up what a Midwestern accent was; I just did a very generic one.''' ,'''I've started to experience being followed around where I live, and it's never nice. With acting, you realize that it's part of what you sign up for, but with the royals, you're sort of born into it.''' ,'''I've got very long limbs and for the best part of my life, they've been very uncoordinated.''' ,'''The funniest thing that happened was that my dog got recognized but not me.''' ,'''The industry loves to pigeonhole.''' ,'''There became a clear connection from Diana's unstable childhood to her looking for something welcoming. We knew she was a very warm person who gravitated towards people. She was looking to be embraced in something very warm and very familiar, and she didn't find that at all; she found the exact opposite with the royal family.''' ,'''And I remember walking in and there was this long, long table with everyone's name cards. I got there really early. The name card on my left said, 'Gillian Anderson,' and to my right was 'Josh O'Connor,' then opposite me was 'Olivia Colman.' I think I must have a picture on my phone of the table because my mind was just blown.''' ,'''Why did the rejection of the modelling industry get to me so much? I think the answer is that these rejections were based on how I looked and I had always prided myself on a healthy amount of self-confidence which I was now rapidly losing.''' ,'''Older Diana holds herself so well. The director would be like, 'Emma, posture!'''' ,'''Every time I ask someone to tell me, 'What animal do you think I am?' they always say a bird, because I'm very flighty. It's the worst one.''' ,'''Someone at school said I dance like a spider, and I've never got beyond that. It's always been a running joke in my friendship groups.''' ,'''I hate being asked what it's like to play someone iconic.''' ,'''There's a scene where Diana is having her first dinner at Balmoral, my first big scene with everyone. I didn't really know anyone super well at that point. I had this big story to tell about hunting, a real tongue twister. And I just couldn't say it.''' ,'''You have to be very good at setting boundaries for yourself, so you're not taken advantage of.''' ,'''I met a producer at a festival last year, and she said: you will find as you get older that there might not be parts; there aren't always roles for women out there that are any good. I don't think I will ever stop feeling that way: we've all grown up in the culture, it infiltrates your subconscious.''' ,'''I love to perform, it's how I can best express myself.''' ,'''I live in a flat with my three best mates from university, none of whom are actors. It keeps you grounded.''' ,'''I think Diana was a very friendly person.''' ,'''Princess Diana was an icon and her effect on the world remains profound and inspiring. To explore her through Peter Morgan's writing is the most exceptional opportunity and I will strive to do her justice.''' ,'''Every rejection, every phone call from my agent to say, 'It didn't go your way,' I felt the layers of my skin growing. 'OK, cool, let's move on.' You have to get beyond the fear of rejection and plow on because it's intense.''' ,'''Cats do this thing with their faces where they're so still, but they have this almost magnetic connection to anything they're observing.''' ,'''People always ask how fame has hit me, and rarely do I feel it emotionally.''' ,'''A lot changed when I started working with Polly Bennett and we did a lot of character and movement stuff together.''' ,'''I didn't bond that much with my wigs, I'm afraid. The process of getting them on at like, six in the morning, was too laborious. I didn't want to form any additional attachment to them.''' ,'''I've heard it said that you stop growing from the age you get famous.''' ,'''If I look back at pictures of me when I was younger, oh my god. Nightmare!''' ,'''Dan Levy came to see my play, and I had dinner with him. He's a gem. He's the wisest, kindest, funniest person, and I didn't want it to end.''' ,'''I think, these days when someone talks about their struggles of mental health, we are almost surprised by it. It comes as a revelation and we all really acknowledge it.''' ,'''I think that's what Peter Morgan does so well, is to show very balanced sides of everyone.''' ,'''My roots are in theater.''' ,'''I want to do a gritty, independent film, maybe in Scotland or something. I'll have an outrageous accent, and flowing red hair.''' ,'''I realized this is a character that I'm playing. This is 'The Crown's' version of Diana. I can bring a lot of what I want to do with this part.''' ,'''No matter what Diana is saying, it kind of goes down at the end. It's like a sadness.''' ,'''I'm unsure how true this is, but I heard the story that Freddie Mercury and his friends used to dress Diana up like a guy and take her out to gay bars. That sounds incredible.''' ,'''I have come to know Diana better than anyone else, so my sympathy will always lie with her. But I also have a huge appreciation of Charles, and what they both had to endure in that marriage. I don't think you can pick a side.''' ,'''My friends from school did this incredible thing, where they made me a scrapbook filled with all of the screenshots from our group WhatsApp, where I had said, 'Oh my God, guys, I've been invited to read.' Or a random conversation we'd had four years ago when I said, 'Isn't Diana amazing!'''' ,'''I'm really terrible at fittings, I'm the biggest fidget in the world.''' ,'''You can't understand old Diana - older Diana - properly without understanding a 19-year-old living with her flatmates, going on her first date with Charles. You need to understand the trajectory that she underwent.''' ,'''I feel like Diana helped me explore so many depths of myself and really do a big internal discovery of what I was feeling about everything because she was a very complex person.''' ,'''I am a trained singer, but I had to unlearn how to sing with a coach, because Diana wasn't trained.''' ,'''I'm such a playlist poacher.''' ,'''It's really cool to work with someone who really sees you and shares the same vision.''' ,'''As an actor, you tend to get excited about scenes that are weighty or meaty because you get to shift gears in a way that's quite interesting.''' ,'''I only watched the documentary 'Diana: In Her Own Words,' which is now on Netflix. I didn't watch another documentary. I don't think I would have got the part without it.''' ,'''There's this theme throughout my life of Diana cropping up. It doesn't feel ordinary.''' ,'''Schitt's Creek' has become my go-to, comforting favorite; it's a they-feel-like-my-friends kind of TV program.''' ,'''I get 'young Jodie Foster.'''' ,'''I was a huge tomboy when I was younger.''' ,'''I have no living memory of Diana, but I had this weird thing where my mum used to look incredibly like her, and often got mistaken for her in public.''' ,'''I am a people-pleaser. I don't like letting people down.''' ,'''I wrote a lot as a child. I had an insane imagination.''' ,'''I worked with a great photographer called Rafael Pavarotti a while ago and he's got some amazing playlists on Spotify.''' ,'''Apparently, cats are very, very curious and have a mysterious power that draws people to them.''' ,'''I remember growing up wanting to play with the boundaries of what was considered 'feminine' and 'masculine' clothing, but feeling like I couldn't or shouldn't for whatever reason.''' ,'''Just because I've played this character doesn't mean I have any understanding of what Diana was like, at all. Although I'd want to say she was incredible, I understand I also have no authority to say that.''' ,'''Working with Harry Lambert has brought so much fun and imagination into my personal style.''' ,'''I now feel drawn to projects where I bite off a bit more than I can chew.''' ,'''If I try to be funny, I'm very not funny.''' ,'''I think for Diana, she came to the royal family thinking that it would be a family, that it would be exciting, because people would know who she was maybe. I know she was marrying a prince, but I think she genuinely thought that there would be a support system.''' ,'''I remember being on holiday with my family maybe when the second season of 'The Crown' had come out and I remember them joking about who was going to play Princess Diana. One of my brothers was like, 'You should play Princess Diana.' I was at university at that time and I was like, 'In my wildest dreams.'''' ,'''I'm indifferent to the royal family really, but I do feel sorry for them. We know what happened to Diana. It's an impossible situation.''' ,'''I love figuring people out.''' ,'''My journey has been a long one and has still got a long way to go. I think we are so used to defining ourselves. That's the way society works within these binaries and it's taken me a long time to realize that I exist somewhere in between and I'm still not sure where that is yet.''' ,'''Costume is integral, but it clicks into place last.''' ,'''I do 5Rhythms a lot. It's like dance meditation. You go into a room and there's a DJ and it's in the evening, completely sober, and it's spiritual. You can just move and dance however you want.''' ,'''I'd run a mile if anyone in the Royal Family asked me to marry them!''' ,'''If you have a good skincare routine down, it's sort of the base to everything.''' ,'''I think in America, people have this, I think you guys have an obsession over the Royal family in a way that we don't. Because I guess we just live with it.''' ,'''There was a moment in time when we were filming in London, and we thought someone stole one of the queen's wigs. But I think someone had just misplaced it. It was so funny. I remember it being the most panicked day on set. 'We're missing a wig!'''' ,'''When you're an actor starting out, you have no control. All you can do is prepare the best you can for auditions and turn up on time.''' ,'''I cannot express how unglamorous it is. There are moments, where you're at an event, and you'll be like, oh, this is quite shiny, but day to day - no. I live with flatmates that I've lived with for five years who have nine-to-five jobs. We all go to work, come home, cook dinner and there's no shenanigans.''' ,'''Where I was living, there was a backyard, and we had a lot of neighbors with cats. These cats used to just sit on the wall, and one day I just turned around and there was a cat sitting there.''' ,]
+++