+++
author = "Sara Ramirez"
title = "Sara Ramirez Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Sara Ramirez Quotes"
keywords = "sara ramirez,sara ramirez quotes,sara ramirez quote,sara ramirez sayings,sara ramirez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In all kinds of ways, I used to be really, really hard on myself.''' ,'''I'm not typically a roller coaster person, but Space Mountain I really love out of all roller coasters. That and Splash Mountain.''' ,'''I'm always going to support the LGBT community and equal rights for the LGBT community. That's going to be with me 'till the day I die and beyond. I mean, that's just what it is!''' ,'''My Mexican specialty is chilaquiles. I make tortillas from scratch, then add garlic, onions, eggs, chopped-up carrots and peppers, Jack cheese, and salsa.''' ,'''I'm not going to lie: I still have days when I walk by the mirror on my way to the shower and think, 'Oh God, I didn't just see that!'''' ,'''I'm always going to support the LGBT community and equal rights for the LGBT community.''' ,'''TV is a writer's medium.''' ,'''I had all kinds of fantasies, like a lot of girls, but did I actually go through the motions of planning a wedding and buying bridal magazines and imagining things and setting up who would play what role? No. Because as I grew up, I started to believe that I would be one of those gals that never got married.''' ,'''When I've lost weight, some fans get very upset because they want me to stay curvy. But my own self-worth and wellness regime has to do with my well-being and longevity, so if I make the choice to take care of myself, and the outcome is losing weight, it's disappointing that there might be some backlash.''' ,'''Adoption is a global issue these days - it's certainly current - and it's encouraging for a lot of couples whether they're straight or gay.''' ,'''I think, at the end of the day, acting and activism are both about empathy. You're trying to get people to see other people as real and human. And to care.''' ,'''There are plenty of Latina actresses that no one's ever heard of... Some are really brown, some are light-skinned, and some look like they're Caucasian, but it's like we only want to identify with a certain kind of look and celebrate that under the guise that this is a 'Latina actress.'''' ,'''There is a large group that's not represented on television - the group that falls somewhere in the middle of straight and gay. That group is looked down on, because people say, 'You can't be in-between. You have to pick one or the other.'''' ,'''My mom brought me up by herself, so I was a latchkey kid. I would walk myself back from school and spent a lot of time at home alone, watching TV. There weren't a lot of Latinas - or any women of color. And the ones I saw were usually presented as stereotypes or treated like jokes.''' ,'''The weird thing about working in television is that you only see the people that you're in scenes with.''' ,'''The reality shows are getting worse and worse. They're out of control and have been for some time.''' ,'''I used to watch 'The Bachelor,' but it's lost my interest now. The reality shows are getting worse and worse. They're out of control and have been for some time.''' ,'''I know my boyfriend loves to have something to hold onto. There's a lot of men out there who do.''' ,'''I love how Jamie Oliver makes seasonal, local foods in a rustic way, without a lot of fuss.''' ,'''I've never been very cookie cutter. If I choose something different from the status quo, it's my responsibility and my choice to live my life that way.''' ,'''The truth is, unlike TV and film cameras, the theater stage doesn't add 10 pounds.''' ,'''I'm not one of those actors who lies about their age.''' ,'''My appreciation for cooking and healthy living came from watching my best friend die from liver cancer in 2008. I realized that I needed to make some big changes if I wanted to be around for a long time, so now I'm more cautious of how much I eat, what I'm eating, and how often.''' ,'''I think we should celebrate food and not deprive ourselves - I've changed my lifestyle, and I'm much healthier now, but that doesn't mean I never indulge!''' ,'''I never thought that I would co-host something at TED. I've been attending TED conferences since 2009, so I've been in the audience for many, many years, enjoying the very hard work of the TEDsters.''' ,'''It's fun when the writers take risk regardless of the reaction that it might get, and that's fun for an actor. You're able to not just play one thing all the time.''' ,'''Theater feeds my heart and soul.''' ,'''I love voiceover work.''' ,'''At a certain point, you try to avoid reading feedback or blogs because there's always the risk of reading some sort of negative stuff that can be hard to hear.''' ,'''I'm very proud of my heritage.''' ,'''Conflict happens. People aren't happy all of the time.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I really loved watching 'Cinderella.' It's a fantasy, and every girl knows that real life isn't always like these movies, but as a child, I just really loved the story of 'Cinderella.' I found it to be so romantic and just a beautiful movie to watch.''' ,'''There's nothing like the first kiss once you've been pronounced husband and wife. It's such a wonderful moment!''' ,'''I am completely grateful and pleased for the attention and the recognition I've received for playing the roles that I've played.''' ,'''My kitchen is my baby. I don't have kids, so cooking is sort of like my child. Renovating my kitchen has allowed me to channel my creativity the way parents work on a nursery. The centerpiece is my vintage 1950s Wedgewood stove.''' ,'''Eating well is a lifelong priority. My appreciation for cooking and healthy living came from watching my best friend die from liver cancer in 2008. I realized that I needed to make some big changes if I wanted to be around for a long time, so now I'm more cautious of how much I eat, what I'm eating, and how often.''' ,'''I love challenging the status quo.''' ,'''I actually gained a lot of weight when I started to do 'Grey's Anatomy.' Doing eight theater shows a week, girl, is such a workout. But with TV, you're, like, sitting in your trailer waiting to go to the set. And there's catering and craft service every place you look.''' ,]
+++