+++
author = "Floyd Mayweather, Jr."
title = "Floyd Mayweather, Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "120"
description = "the best 120 Floyd Mayweather, Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "floyd mayweather, jr.,floyd mayweather, jr. quotes,floyd mayweather, jr. quote,floyd mayweather, jr. sayings,floyd mayweather, jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's ups and downs with boxing, layoffs are part of the sport and they can either help or hurt a guy.''' ,'''You can never overlook a guy.''' ,'''Conor McGregor is a tough competitor. He proved throughout the years in the UFC that he can fight standing up.''' ,'''I turned pro as a 20-year-old, won a world title a year later, and remained a world champion ever since.''' ,'''I can remember 1987 when I had my first amateur fight in Michigan, weighing 64lb. I was 10 years old. I was the youngest and smallest guy on my team. I can remember what I ate. There was this restaurant called Ponderosa, and my dad made me eat a steak. I was happy. It was a first round knockout. I slept with my trophy for two weeks.''' ,'''My kids are the future of the Mayweather family and of the Mayweather brand. I feel our family is stronger if we stay together.''' ,'''How can a guy talk about $20 or $30 million if he's never even made $8 or $9 million?''' ,'''I like to control my own personal life.''' ,'''When I was in the ring at the Olympics, it was my father's words that I was hearing, not the coaches'. 'I never listened to what the coaches said. I would call my father and he would give me advice from prison.''' ,'''Nobody is faster than me.''' ,'''I think my grandmother saw my potential first. When I was young, I told her, 'I think I should get a job.' She said, 'No, just keep boxing.'''' ,'''I push myself to the limit.''' ,'''I basically raised myself.''' ,'''My skills are still my skills.''' ,'''I'm not here to judge. We don't know what Trump can do.''' ,'''You know, as a young child, I lay in my bedroom and I swore to myself then: 'I'm not going to smoke and I'm not going to drink.' And I said I'm not going to just say that when I'm a kid. I'm going to stick to that as an adult. I kept that in mind my whole life.''' ,'''Boxing's in my genes. I come from a fighting background. My dad and both my uncles were good boxers. I'm blessed with the art of war.''' ,'''My dad was in a hospital for months. The doctors told my dad he would never be able to walk again. My dad beat all the odds. He came back and was able to walk and start boxing again. He went to No. 1 in the world at welterweight to fight for the world title. But he never had his chance to fight for a world title.''' ,'''I've never had a job. I've never needed to.''' ,'''When people see what I have now, they have no idea of where I came from and how I didn't have anything growing up.''' ,'''What's so crazy is when you give interviews to reporters that don't really care too much for you, basically what they're going to do is write what they want to write and discredit you. They're going to write and say what they want to say, no matter what you tell them.''' ,'''A true champion can adapt to anything.''' ,'''I don't adjust my training for any of my opponents. I don't watch films on my opponents.''' ,'''Don't ever know who you may meet, or just because a person may not be dressed up all fancy, don't mean they're not an important person. You just don't ever know who you're gonna meet in life. So that's why I look at everybody as equal. Can't just judge. I treat everybody with respect. Every man.''' ,'''You could take me anywhere. You could take me to the moon, and believe me, everybody's going to try to take a trip to the moon to watch me fight.''' ,'''Mike Tyson was one of the fighters who motivated me. How? We both used to train at the Golden Gloves boxing gym. I used to see his Rolls-Royce, his diamond Rolex on, and I said, 'You know what? Those are the things that I want.'''' ,'''When I was about 8 or 9, I lived in New Jersey with my mother and we were seven deep in one bedroom and sometimes we didn't have electricity.''' ,'''You have to protect yourself at all times. What goes around comes around.''' ,'''If I'm scared and I'm a coward, why do you guys want to see me fight?''' ,'''I'll back up anything my dad says.''' ,'''A true champion will fight through anything.''' ,'''Most people should be talking about how Floyd Mayweather is a great undefeated future Hall of Famer that's his own promoter and that works extremely hard to get to where he's at. Instead, all you hear is hate and jealous remarks from critics who criticize me and, you know, most of the time, the people that criticize me can't do what I can do.''' ,'''All the money I have, I got it legally.''' ,'''I land a higher percentage of punches than any boxer in boxing.''' ,'''People have said things about me, and wrote and criticized me about things in the past, but it goes in one ear and out the other.''' ,'''I think I already proved that I wasn't just fighting for the money, because I fought as an amateur. I fought 90 fights for free.''' ,'''I was able to retire from the sport with all my faculties and not let the sport retire me.''' ,'''Well, you've got certain obstacles that get in your way throughout your career, but you have to be a strong individual.''' ,'''You hear certain things, negative things, all the time that aren't true, but you never hear about the positive.''' ,'''There comes a time when money doesn't matter.''' ,'''I ain't never nervous. Never nervous.''' ,'''I'm a boxer who believes that the object of the sport is to hit and not get hit.''' ,'''I feel like everybody is against Floyd Mayweather. I don't get any respect.''' ,'''If you were my friend, I love you unconditionally. I like you the same way I like everyone else that's around me.''' ,'''In the end, you have to protect yourself at all times.''' ,'''Bernard Hopkins? He fights scary dirty. I mean, he did what he had to do in his career.''' ,'''We talk about these legendary fighters, talk about how they had hundred-something fights, hundred-something victories... but when you look at the history books, I still beat more world champions than any fighter in history.''' ,'''Everywhere I go, I will make a good payday. But we got to choose the right opponent and the right time and the right venue.''' ,'''Some people are just right for you.''' ,'''When they said, 'Why is Floyd Mayweather not fighting Manny Pacquiao?' it was because Manny Pacquiao had a boss. I don't have a boss.''' ,'''When you're the best, you only want to surround yourself with the best.''' ,'''Even though I made $800 million, I am still grounded.''' ,'''I know that there's a god because I was able to survive everything that I've been through - all of the tough times - and I'm still at the top of my game.''' ,'''Different days, I think about different victories. Ricky Hatton is one of those fights. I respect Ricky Hatton. He's a warrior. He's a hell of a warrior.''' ,'''I'm a man of my word.''' ,'''I can get a black eye, a bloody nose. I can have a bad day in the gym. At the end of the day, I don't have a bad payday, and I don't have a bad night under the lights... I get bumps, bruises... but I don't have a bad night.''' ,'''I'm here to say all lives matter.''' ,'''Larry Merchant's just a commentator. He don't know nothing about boxing.''' ,'''If anyone has followed my career, they know that there's been a lot of obstacles and a lot of ups and down through my career. But day in and day out, and in the square circle, I went out there and always did my best.''' ,'''Everything people say I couldn't do I've done.''' ,'''Every time I go out there and compete, my number is, of course, $100 million or better.''' ,'''I'm always going to love my father.''' ,'''I like to play table tennis, spend time with my kids.''' ,'''No one thought the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight would happen, but I had patience.''' ,'''I haven't took no punishment. There's nothing cool about taking punishment.''' ,'''I knew boxing before I knew anything else.''' ,'''What I learned from boxing and what everyone can take in real life is to follow directions, follow order. Don't give nobody a hard time.''' ,'''Every home that I have is paid for, every car that I have is paid for, and I am a hundred-million-dollar man. I mean, this is the truth; it's not a lie.''' ,'''Boxing is real easy. Life is much harder.''' ,'''When I step in the ring, I bring everything I have.''' ,'''Self-preservation is an important thing to me.''' ,'''Racism still exists in the sport of boxing.''' ,'''Mayweather Promotions - we are the past, the present, and the future of sports and entertainment, and everybody knows Mayweather's pay is better.''' ,'''If you fight angry, you make a lot of mistakes, and when you fight a sharp, witty fighter like me, you can't make mistakes.''' ,'''God only made one thing in this world that's perfect - and that's my boxing record.''' ,'''I knew Dana White as a good guy, a good square guy.''' ,'''Ali was a threat because he was a voice, and the people hated Ali when he was a voice, but once Ali could no longer speak and he wasn't a voice, they loved him. Love me now. I don't want to be loved if I could barely walk or barely talk. That's not cool.''' ,'''Worry about going out there and making your own legacy.''' ,'''I'm looking to expand my portfolio while I'm on top and while I'm young.''' ,'''I'm always focused.''' ,'''You've got to have a villain and they'll always make me a villain. I'm used to it - it makes me work harder and it makes me fight harder.''' ,'''My whole outlook on life is, never judge a book by its cover.''' ,'''I'm not in this sport to take punishment.''' ,'''God has blessed me with an unbelievable talent, with fast feet, fast hands, unbelievable defense and a very, very sharp mind. So I'm thankful for that.''' ,'''I like fighters who come to fight.''' ,'''I'm not here to judge Mike Tyson. I'm not here to judge nobody. I'm not here to monitor no other fighters. I respect him for what he did in the sport of boxing. He was an entertainer.''' ,'''You have good days, you have bad days. But the main thing is to grow mentally.''' ,'''I'm not in this sport to say a guy can beat me.''' ,'''A lot of times, in the beginning of my career, I put pressure on myself just because I wanted to perform so well. I just wanted to be perfect.''' ,'''When no one knew who Dana White was... Dana White used to run around with me, hang out with me, and I treated him just like anyone else in my camp.''' ,'''I am the best. There is nobody better than me.''' ,'''Once I am in the square circle, I am in my home.''' ,'''The American fans would love to see me fight anybody.''' ,'''Floyd Mayweather is in the sport to give great performances.''' ,'''I loved competing and winning and also wanted to continue my career for the fans, knowing they were there for me and enjoyed watching me fight.''' ,'''I come from a very rough background, and I'm saying that if you work hard and dedicate yourself that you can make it, too.''' ,'''I'm going to always bleed the red, white, and blue. I represented the U.S. in the Olympics; I love my country. But the U.S. fans will love you on Monday; if you lose, they'll hate you on Tuesday. If you win, it will be back to loving you on Wednesday.''' ,'''For Conor McGregor, I'm coming out of retirement just to fight Conor McGregor.''' ,'''When you go back and really listen to the legendary rappers, this is timeless music. Guys like Biggie, guys like Pac, timeless music.''' ,'''I got a big mouth.''' ,'''Barack Obama was a good president, and hopefully, Donald Trump is a good president.''' ,'''You name him. I beat him.''' ,'''I commend Chris Brown and Soulja Boy for going out there for so many years and entertaining the people.''' ,'''I'm just an American dream.''' ,'''Boxing is what pays my bills.''' ,'''Things happen for a reason, and the only thing you can do is at night time get on your knees and ask God for forgiveness for anything that you did that you didn't feel was right.''' ,'''When you talking boxing, you talking me.''' ,'''I always put my boxing first.''' ,'''I got a granite chin.''' ,'''I just want to be the best. I haven't been in an all-out war. That doesn't mean I'm not the best.''' ,'''I want to be promoted in the urban areas. A lot of African-American people should know more about me.''' ,'''I've had boxing gloves on since before I could walk and been in gyms all of my life.''' ,'''I don't have to fight if I don't want to.''' ,'''I love basketball.''' ,'''I'm a professional fighter and like most professional fighters I have had difficulties with my hands in the past.''' ,'''You know, everybody has a slogan, and once you beat people over the head with it so much, then that's what you'll eventually be called once you retire from the sport or whatever.''' ,'''I've set the model of showing fighters how they should conduct their business.''' ,'''When they put me on ESPN and they talk about negative things, or when they put me on TMZ and they talk about negative things, I'm just glad that I'm relevant; to have lasted this long being relevant.''' ,'''I would lie in bed, and I was nine years old, and say to myself: 'I want to be the richest man in the world.' I've come a long way from there.''' ,'''A lot of times, we get stuck, and we are followers. When you hear one person say, 'black lives matter,' or 'blue lives matter,' all lives matter. It's not right what is going on in this world on both sides.''' ,]
+++