+++
author = "Richard Cohen"
title = "Richard Cohen Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Richard Cohen Quotes"
keywords = "richard cohen,richard cohen quotes,richard cohen quote,richard cohen sayings,richard cohen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Large government is inevitably inefficient, but so, too, is large private enterprise.''' ,'''George W. Bush, a charming and utterly gracious man, was a catastrophic twofer. He took the United States to war in Iraq, a wrenching debacle: more than 4,000 Americans dead, nearly 32,000 wounded, and the Middle East destabilized with Iranian influence enhanced.''' ,'''To anyone other than an adamant social conservative, Pence is shockingly unreasonable. But he is also shockingly hypocritical.''' ,'''Something about the Clintons sets the GOP to howling at the moon.''' ,'''The grieving are surely owed our empathy, but capital punishment can neither right a wrong nor prevent another from happening.''' ,'''Heroism is a matter of choice.''' ,'''There is only so much chaos a nation can stand.''' ,'''Trump's juvenilia stands in stark contrast to Obama's measured words.''' ,'''Maybe the best example of the unmuscled hero is Humphrey Bogart in 'Casablanca.' Bogart was 15 years older than Ingrid Bergman, and it did not matter at all. He had the experience, the confidence, the internal strength that can only come with age.''' ,'''A presidential candidate needs a slogan.''' ,'''The ultimate question is whether the name Donald Trump will be attached to an era - whether he will so change America that it will never be the same afterward.''' ,'''If every senator looks into the mirror and sees a future president, then every president looks into that same mirror and sees himself on Mount Rushmore.''' ,'''Lots of men have failed as presidents, as Trump surely will, but few fail so dismally as role models. He's a boy's idea of a man. He's a man's idea of a boy.''' ,'''Private enterprise cannot rebuild the nation's infrastructure or keep our research institutions vibrant. Government must do what only it can do.''' ,'''I came of age when jobs were plentiful and college not exorbitantly expensive. I graduated with debt, but it was manageable, and I set off to do something I loved - journalism.''' ,'''Trump lies when confronted with the truth, since any crack in his narcissism might spread like an Ebola of the soul, and he would deflate like one of Macy's balloons on the Friday after Thanksgiving.''' ,'''Harvey Weinstein does not personify American liberalism any more than Bill O'Reilly personifies American conservatism.''' ,'''I served in the Army. I worked at blue-collar jobs. I washed dishes and bused tables.''' ,'''It has become commonplace to call Trump a reality TV star. That is said as an aspersion, the way Ronald Reagan was called an actor. But Reagan's acting experience, his ability to talk to the camera and not yell to the hall, is what helped make him such a good politician. It is the same with Trump.''' ,'''It has become increasingly difficult for states or the federal government to apply the death penalty. But why even try? Nothing is accomplished, and while the chances of making a mistake are now diminished - DNA can prove guilt as well as innocence - life in prison is a worthy substitute.''' ,'''Our country undergoes periodic episodes of extreme intolerance and fear of foreigners, refugees in particular. Not only were people of Japanese descent placed in internment camps during World War II, but so were some Italians and Germans.''' ,'''It takes a willful disregard of history to appreciate how white Southerners could look at the Confederate battle flag and see states' rights or a way of life or a tradition - and not one human being whipping another, which was a common occurrence.''' ,'''Evil comes in through the cable and through the Internet. We look forward to the advent of driverless cars. But they can be hacked. You could be riding along, and some 14-year-old in Romania takes over your car, so you end up running the lights and losing your brakes or, worse, listening to Eminem. What's the purpose?''' ,'''Raising money, like sausage-making, ain't pretty to see, and it would be just criminally naive to rely on the big hearts of big donors.''' ,'''It's all right with me if Roman Polanski is freed by the Swiss authorities who have detained him at the request of the United States - if first I get a chance to bust him one in the mouth.''' ,'''With a sinking feeling, I have come to a horrible conclusion: I am addicted to Donald Trump.''' ,'''Trump is a menace, both ignorant and chaotic. His saving grace is his incompetence.''' ,'''Conservatives watch Fox News and read 'Breitbart.' Liberals watch MSNBC and read 'HuffPost.' When we agree, it's the truth; when we differ, it's fake news.''' ,'''Israel may be beloved, but for American security, it is not essential.''' ,'''Leaving aside handguns and hunting weapons, what's the justification for possessing an AR-15-style weapon?''' ,'''The term 'disrupter' has become an accolade, like first-responder or something.''' ,'''It is not true that Trump is nobody's fool. He is the GOP's.''' ,'''Pence is not a man to look a gift horse in the mouth. He's got his eye on 2020.''' ,'''Myths have a certain staying power because, really, they are aspirational - not always who we are, but always who we want to be. We see ourselves as good and generous. We believe we are a virtuous nation.''' ,'''As a presidential candidate, Trump seems heaven-sent just to make fools out of Republicans.''' ,'''Being an American is life-threatening. For various reasons, men and women here don't live as long as men and women in about two dozen other countries, including the ones we defeated in World War II - Japan, Germany and Italy.''' ,'''I never went to college to make money.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I went door to door in my neighborhood asking for donations to the Jewish National Fund, best known then for its Israel forestation program. At the age of 11 or so, I imagined myself a regular Johnny Appleseed, responsible for vast forests.''' ,'''There was a time when an ordinary American could close the door and keep the world at bay. Now the world comes elbowing in every time you go online.''' ,'''Travelgate eventually faded, and the nation somehow survived - American exceptionalism at work again.''' ,'''We fear hackers lifting our digital wallet, a public accounting of our private lives, and we wonder if the shoes that follow us around the Internet will someday, with the click of a distant mouse, look like the jackboots of old.''' ,'''The ability and willingness to keep two opposing views in mind at the same time are hallmarks of adulthood.''' ,'''I have come to the conclusion that Ben Carson is a bit nuts. I say that not because I disagree with him politically, but because he doesn't seem to know what the truth is.''' ,'''Fox News has been a force in converting the party of Lincoln into the party of Trump. The network's allegiance to Trump approaches mindless adoration.''' ,'''My father was raised in an orphanage, and my mother was an immigrant from Poland whose first childhood memory was of hunger. Somehow, despite all of that, I am called a member of the 'elite.' If so, I damned well earned it.''' ,'''Sometimes I think that Rush Limbaugh is the dumbest man in America. This happens whenever I take him at face value and forget that he is basically an entertainer with contempt for his audience. He will tell them anything.''' ,'''The fact is that the United States does not need Israel. Our special relationship was not forged, as it was with Great Britain, in two world wars, not to mention a common language and, in significant respects, culture. It is based on warmth, emotion, shared values - and, not to be dismissed, a potent domestic lobby.''' ,'''How is it possible to defame Trump? When Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called the president a 'moron,' was that defamatory or merely the prosaic truth?''' ,'''As we see with Sunni and Shiite Muslims, interreligious fights are the most ugly.''' ,'''The more Scott Walker campaigns, the more he proves he is not intellectually fit for the office he's seeking. He asserts innocent ignorance on matters he should by now know something about - a way of masking his apparent bigotry.''' ,'''You have to admit that Trump is endlessly creative. He has insulted the disabled, the dead, the parents of the dead, women, Mexicans, Muslims, Asians, African Americans, former POWs, the media and, to get just a bit more specific, 'The Post.'''' ,'''Pence is the very personification of the career politician. With the exception of a few years doing talk radio and television shows, he has done nothing but run for office, winning all but the first two times.''' ,'''Hillary Clinton may have lied about her emails, but Donald Trump lies about everything.''' ,'''Trump's overriding accomplishment is plain: The Republican Party can no longer be shamed.''' ,'''Churchill had a marvelous way with words, and greatness accompanied him like a shadow, but in certain ways, he was a 19th-century man wandering, confounded, in the 20th.''' ,'''In my several visits to Germany, I have written in admiration of that country's strenuous efforts to face its past and make amends.''' ,'''Trump was always a poster boy of the selfish, egomaniacal, ignorant, bragging, cruel rich kid, whose mirror was the sleazy pages of Rupert Murdoch's 'New York Post.' Trump's oxygen was the leaked item, without which he would die the suffocating death of being shown to a bad table.''' ,'''Trump is unloved in his own house. A figure of ridicule, a theatrical creation, he is almost sympathetic. He was told by the greedy and the outright stupid that he would make a swell president. The Liar's Paradox has spun out of control, with liars lying to a liar who believed the lie. What would that be called? Fox News, I think.''' ,'''Opposition to social change is but one pillar of contemporary Republicanism.''' ,'''We need a national service that throws us all together, the urban with the rural, the Fox News types with the MSNBC crowd. That way, Americans can get to know Americans and learn - as previous generations did - that we are all Americans.''' ,'''If you told me back in my Army days that I could have bought the same weapon that I had been using in training, I would not have believed it.''' ,'''We are a segmented society, living in our individual bubbles.''' ,'''As a kid, I was a paperboy, and the walls of the place where we picked up our papers were plastered with pictures of former paperboys - some sports figures, some presidents, some military officers.''' ,'''Let me tell you, seven days without Wolf Blitzer is heaven. A week outside 'The Situation Room' is downright calming. No 'breaking news!' No hype. Blitzer is a first-class journalist, and I mention him only by way of acknowledging his fame.''' ,'''Since the end of World War II, American leadership has been essential to maintain world peace. Whether we liked it or not, we were the world's policeman. There was no other cop on the beat. Now, that leadership is gone. So, increasingly, will be peace.''' ,'''The concept of cultural appropriation is nothing less than an intellectual fence: Keep out.''' ,'''There is precious little that's charitable about the world of charity.''' ,'''In power politics, it's usually not enough to be liked. A nation has to be considered essential.''' ,'''I am not a German bitter-ender. I am, though, a German never-forgetter.''' ,'''Hillary Clinton looms over the Democratic Party like Evita from her balcony.''' ,'''Say what you will about Donald Trump, he cares. He cares about things I don't, and he has some awful ideas, and he is an amoral man in so many ways. But, in contrast to Obama, his emotions are no mystery.''' ,'''We grow up to respect the gray. Black or white, one or the other, is childish. It represents the worldview of someone who does not know the world.''' ,'''I am glad to see the Confederate battle flag gone from a place of honor at the South Carolina state capitol.''' ,'''Republicans remain silent because Trump is doing what they want - lowering taxes on the rich, eviscerating regulations, bulldozing the environment, and insisting that a woman's body is not her own.''' ,'''In order to take a nation to war, you have to believe mightily in the threat you are facing and the virtue of your cause.''' ,'''Among the things I know is that Trump voters were played for suckers.''' ,'''The NRA has led the way in the mainstreaming of a demented gun ideology.''' ,'''Much worse than the unavoidable inefficiencies of large government is the failure to fund the government we need.''' ,'''Most men, I think, wonder about their courage. How would they act in combat? Under torture?''' ,'''Trump's presidency will fail. Just don't ask me how and when. It will collapse because at its center is a hollow man, lacking ballast, whose chaos cannot be contained.''' ,'''I value my education, but I cannot put a value on it. I know it has been worth some money to me - I don't think 'The Post' would have hired me if I had lacked a degree - but I probably could have earned about the same if I had stayed in the insurance business, where I worked while going to college at night.''' ,'''I long ago tired of politicians who never say anything, adhere to their talking points, and avoid all controversy.''' ,'''What if Hillary Clinton were a man? What if she were a 68-year-old man rather than a 68-year-old woman? Would we think differently of her?''' ,'''I agree that sometimes Michelle Obama can come across as angry - and anger is discomforting. We venerate that empty word, closure, wanting to seal off the pain of the past and refusing it admittance to the chirpy present. This, of course, is nonsense.''' ,'''What's the justification for a semiautomatic weapon with a magazine of 30 rounds?''' ,'''I have written about cultural dislocation, and I understand the corrosive effect of diminished expectations.''' ,'''Every rippling muscle is a book not read, a movie not seen, or a conversation not held.''' ,'''Republicans and others who are in anguish over the possibility of socialized medicine ought to have to explain their ideology to a mother with a sick newborn. They ought to have to explain how this nation can debate health care and not mention how abysmal ours is.''' ,'''I reveled in political science and history of all kinds, and I felt for a long time that I had discovered all the secrets of life in psychology, although its Freudian variety left me cold. The id never made much sense to me.''' ,'''Iran may or may not be the existential threat to Israel that Netanyahu insists it is. But a lessening of U.S. support for Israel certainly would be. With an indifferent America, Israel would become a lonely, frightening place.''' ,'''My heroes are not necessarily people of great ability but ones who did what I think I could not.''' ,'''I don't know if history will adjudge Barack Obama a great president, but he has been a necessary one.''' ,'''I don't like what George Zimmerman did, and I hate that Trayvon Martin is dead. But I also can understand why Zimmerman was suspicious and why he thought Martin was wearing a uniform we all recognize.''' ,'''Polanski is a great film director - although the much-acclaimed 'Chinatown' has a muddled script - but his true talent is to make fools of his friends.''' ,'''Trump is a dust storm of lies and diversions with the bellows of a bully and the greasy ethics of a street-corner hustler.''' ,'''I met Clinton during her husband's first campaign for the White House. It was 1992, New Hampshire, and both Clintons had stopped at a coffee shop to greet the folks and get something to eat.''' ,'''Trump critics such as myself have been accused of living in a bubble. On the contrary, it is Trump's supporters in the 1 percent who breathed their own fumes.''' ,'''Germany's crimes were recent and of such a scale and depravity that, unless constantly faced, they will come to seem fictitious.''' ,]
+++