+++
author = "Tim Hardaway Jr."
title = "Tim Hardaway Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Tim Hardaway Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "tim hardaway jr.,tim hardaway jr. quotes,tim hardaway jr. quote,tim hardaway jr. sayings,tim hardaway jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm pretty sure everybody in the NBA wants to make the playoffs. Every player, every coach, every organization wants to make the playoffs.''' ,'''The triangle is a tough offense to get used to.''' ,'''It really helps you grow as an individual and a ball player to realize that nothing comes easy in this league, and you have to work for everything.''' ,'''In college, the coaching staff does more work with you individually. But at the next level, you have to do it all by yourself.''' ,'''It's been tough throughout my career having different coaches and different philosophies, different style of plays throughout this entire time.''' ,'''It would be great to have a coach I could have for more than two years, you know.''' ,'''Brothers argue in the heat of the moment, and then they make up.''' ,'''I was in depression. I was in my room, dark every night, not wanting to talk to nobody, not going out with my friends, not doing anything, not having a great time. It was a lot of dark nights.''' ,'''You can always work on improving your defense.''' ,'''There is no win-win or lose-lose in a situation. Everything is a medium.''' ,'''If you want to be pro, you have to hold yourself accountable. It's about what you do when nobody's looking.''' ,'''Since I've been in the NBA, I've played for four different people. I don't know how much more you can go.''' ,'''Everyone's great in New York, but it's family-oriented. I don't get bothered.''' ,'''I'm one of those guys who stays behind after practice to try and get better.''' ,'''I just want to find a way to stay consistent as a ballplayer, and I know my team wants me to do that.''' ,'''I used to go to open gym to play with my friends and teammates, and I'd get there 30 to 45 minutes early so I could play one-on-one against my dad. When I reached ninth grade, I was finally able to beat him.''' ,'''Making it to the NBA is a big goal in my life, and one day I hope to conquer it.''' ,'''I've played with sprained ankles before, bruises, stuff like that.''' ,]
+++