+++
author = "Shiv Khera"
title = "Shiv Khera Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Shiv Khera Quotes"
keywords = "shiv khera,shiv khera quotes,shiv khera quote,shiv khera sayings,shiv khera saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think it's the person's conviction that really carries a person.''' ,'''I started life washing cars in Canada before moving on to selling life insurance and vacuum cleaners. Later, I went through a programme by Dr. Norman Vincent Peale, which literally changed my life. It was the turning point.''' ,'''Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.''' ,'''My first objective is to invest, and if I have anything spare, then I spend.''' ,'''There are good leaders who actively guide and bad leaders who actively misguide. Hence, leadership is about persuasion, presentation and people skills.''' ,'''Where are the people who don't have goals headed? Those 97 per cent end up working for the three percent.''' ,'''Parents do not have the courage to say no to certain things that their children demand. They are rather scared of their children.''' ,'''Have a vision. It is the ability to see the invisible. If you can see the invisible, you can achieve the impossible.''' ,'''Lot of things depend on the up bringing of a child.''' ,'''Ninety percent of selling is conviction, and 10 per cent is persuasion.''' ,'''It is better to be honourable than be honoured.''' ,'''Research has shown that it takes 31 days of conscious effort to make or break a habit. That means, if one practices something consistently for 31 days, on the 32nd day it does become a habit. Information has been internalised into behavioural change, which is called transformation.''' ,'''People who wish to go into the future should have two skills to succeed - the ability to deal with people and the ability to sell.''' ,'''In long term investments, you don't need day to day management.''' ,'''I wasn't the brightest kid in school. I was a backbencher troubling the frontbencher, and eventually I failed in my 10th grade. But then in higher secondary, there were only three people who got first division in arts, and I was one of them. So this tells you, where you put your mind and heart into, that's where you go.''' ,'''The erosion of extended family concept and losing out on values are the two things that are primarily responsible for the growing mismatch in the parent-child relationship.''' ,'''Avoid miscommunication. The price you pay for it is horrendous.''' ,'''Money is a very important tool to make a big difference in people's life. It is positive or negative depending on the values.''' ,'''Tactics are manipulative.''' ,'''If a child goes the wrong way, it is not the child who is to be blamed; it is the parents who are responsible.''' ,]
+++