+++
author = "Mani Ratnam"
title = "Mani Ratnam Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mani Ratnam Quotes"
keywords = "mani ratnam,mani ratnam quotes,mani ratnam quote,mani ratnam sayings,mani ratnam saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wish I had gone to a film school.''' ,'''My job as a director is to communicate, and I want to communicate to all.''' ,'''A written word gets preserved in so many forms. But movies which comprise of both audio and visuals have to be done with care and a lot more details.''' ,'''When your principal artists deliver convincing performances, the film's quality is elevated.''' ,'''When you listen to music, you listen to music. You like it very much or not.''' ,'''Sometimes in a large family, you get taken to a movie and there just isn't enough space or not enough tickets and you get left out. Those are the movies you remember because you never got to see them!''' ,'''Every film you see at a festival teaches you something.''' ,'''As a filmmaker, every tool you get to tell the scene better is important.''' ,'''As the soul of the film it has to work for you otherwise you don't take it up at all. It takes two years of your life, you better be interested in it. When you know it's something you can do well, that's when you take it up.''' ,'''When I did my first film, I didn't have formal training; I didn't work under any director. I really didn't know how to make a film.''' ,'''If you look at any film fest, the setting gives it colour. Be it Goa, Cannes or even Berlin in the winter, the setting makes these festivals special and gives it a definition.''' ,'''Mumbai is the most cosmopolitan city.''' ,'''I watch films, so I know what it is to be there in a theatre as the audience. So I always want to communicate with them when I make films, but that is not the only thing. I also want to say something which I feel deeply, and which I feel I can connect with the rest of the audience.''' ,'''The journey of filmmaking is so amazing. You start off with great confidence, and develop insecurity at the time of release. When you are ready with the finished product, you are constantly wondering if you have been honest to the story you started out with, if you got what you wanted. One is too close to the project by then to be objective.''' ,'''We always work for money but when you do something for The Banyan, you feel so good.''' ,'''I used to wonder how anyone could treat a fellow human as God. I never understood why they would do this.''' ,'''Kamal Haasan is a huge talent.''' ,'''I don't believe in giving advice.''' ,'''I always look for genuineness. If I feel I can connect with the audience, I will try to develop it. For example, the genesis of 'Kannathil Muthamittal' was an article published in a magazine.''' ,'''I don't know why my leading men have grey shades. Maybe I am trying to explore that side of me through them.''' ,'''The thing is that when you make a film, it is such an intense experience. It's like being married.''' ,'''Film fests are an opportunity to see different kinds of films that you usually don't get to watch. When I'm part of a jury, then I get to judge films, but otherwise I attend festivals to watch two or three films a day and network with a gathering of cinema lovers from all over.''' ,'''I am more comfortable with Tamil than Hindi.''' ,'''If you ask a filmmaker to analyse his own film, it would take three or four years to do that, honestly. Because when you make a film, you have to be convinced about it. You are married to that film for a year.''' ,'''When I did my first film, I had a fair idea of what I liked and what I didn't while watching an actor in front of the camera. After I finished the film, I thought I had exhausted everything I knew. As I moved from one story, setting and character to another, I discovered something new.''' ,'''Each success gives me the adrenaline to move to another film.''' ,'''Let me be very frank. I make films keeping within the mainstream and my cinema is popular cinema. I love it this way.''' ,'''A film is between you and the audience. The distributors are the only people in between us. It is a straight equation.''' ,'''Format is just the language. Content is the only thing that is important. Form is like handwriting. Whether you write in a scribble or clean handwriting or type it, the content remains the same. You want to write in clean hand, in a kind of a clear format only because it is aesthetically pleasing. I can scribble, that's also fine.''' ,'''When I made my first film, I was arrogant and over-confident.''' ,'''It is usually the setting that decides whether a movie can be made in two languages. If the subject is rooted up North, then I make it in Hindi. But if the subject is common, then I am open to making the movie in multiple languages.''' ,'''In school I was sidelined by Tamil language teachers. But in the film industry, I got interested in Tamil poetry after reading and working with the Vairamuthu.''' ,'''Language, I think, has nothing to do with film-making. It is how you make your point and whether you exploit the visual medium maintaining a certain standard that does the trick.''' ,'''Every time you make a film, you want to do it in a genre that is different from your previous film, so that there is something fresh about it.''' ,'''Films will break barriers - and good films will travel all over India.''' ,'''I'm not saying that every song has to be an all-time hit or the greatest ever music. That's not what you should set out to do. But you have to find out what will work best for a particular story or theme or backdrop, and discuss how not to make it a cliche or fall into such traps.''' ,'''Filmmaking is not a one man show. It is not like I'm thinking something and they are expressing it. I try to pull the actor in and together we try to get the expression. It is not my thinking alone, it is our thinking. The actor also becomes a part of the thought process.''' ,'''Characters are not created on paper or laptop alone.''' ,'''Within the mainstream cinema, I feel you can experiment and make sensible films. It's possible to tell a story with characters and emotions which are real, genuine, and which need not be over the top.''' ,'''I liked Guru Dutt, the way he used songs and the way he shot songs. He was a class apart.''' ,'''If you take 'Agni Natchathiram,' it is about two half-brothers and their emotions and those are genuine, which can be made into a very hard-hitting film just that it can be presented in an entertaining fashion. Similarly with 'OK Kanmani,' it is a genuine film; it is not a flippant film just for commercial purposes.''' ,'''A director is a very selfish person. For him, his film is like his baby.''' ,'''To catch a piece of life on camera and make it come alive, add layers to it and deliver a product that is wholesome is really exciting to me.''' ,'''Movie criticism is very subjective and everyone has the right to voice their opinion. You go to a movie and decide whether you like it or not.''' ,'''I like songs. It's a weakness that I have.''' ,'''For a filmmaker, whether the film is liked, understood or appreciated counts as much as the moolah.''' ,'''What you write sets the visual style for the film. But you have to compromise your style in your first few films before people let you do what you want to do.''' ,'''Sometimes, I think filmmakers grab too much from real life.''' ,'''When it comes to casting for movies, it is a priority that you cast right. The guiding principle must be what is right for the movie, that is the basis you cast someone, not because so-and-so is a friend.''' ,'''Before the release of any film, I feel like a beginner.''' ,'''When Kamal Haasan did 'Nayakan,' he had done a few roles that had him aged and demanded a lot of commitment from. He was already a veteran and a master.''' ,'''With each film, you are still trying to get the length and measure right. And failure is all about others' perception of you. When you have one success, they think you know it all. But if you fail, they think they know it all.''' ,'''Whatever film you do, even if it's a children's film, you do with the same amount of sincerity.''' ,'''Art is something in which you are never an expert at any point of time. It's something you hone all the time and something which is elusive all the time.''' ,'''That's the beauty of Mumbai. While some parts have grown rapidly, there are places like Churchgate that have retained their character.''' ,'''Once the film is released, once my job is over, I can't see the film again.''' ,'''When you break new grounds and try to do something different, it's always a high. I remember the first time we did a whole song in slow motion with lipsync for 'Geetanjali.' It was not prevalent at that time. We just had a method and we tried to do that. We weren't sure whether it was going to work, but that is the kind of risk you take.''' ,'''It doesn't matter which genre you're working in, you try to find an honest relationship within that space, and say if it's the romance genre, within that you have to find a story and characters that resonate with an audience.''' ,'''Even in a conservative society like Chennai, youngsters don't feel bound by conventions anymore.''' ,'''I grew up on the commercial film format. I have grown up all my life watching films and they have all been mainstream commercial cinema.''' ,'''I don't have to stand back as an outsider to look at society.''' ,'''Writing is nagging, fascinating, troublesome and exciting.''' ,'''Unfortunately scripts don't chase me. I chase them. I struggle, battle, discard, pick it back, struggle further, plead with it, curse it, cajole and try to be clever. But it is invariably the script that rules.''' ,'''Whenever I am abroad, I spend hours and hours at video stores. I look for classics from filmmakers from all over the world.''' ,'''What is film-making about if not romance?''' ,'''Censorship should never go. But we can always give a little more space to the director.''' ,'''My films are as much for the people as they are for me. The reception affects me, but doesn't change me as a person. That's important.''' ,'''Certain subjects are best done with stars. Certain subjects like 'Alai Payuthe' are done with non-stars. In such films, stars are a burden.''' ,'''Sometimes casting falls in place easily and sometimes it takes a while. Fifty per cent of my job is done when I get the right actors.''' ,'''I am not worried about people's expectations. I just want to get the film right.''' ,'''I am not against songs in films. We come from an oral tradition of storytelling. I have grown up listening to epics in oral rendition and oral rendition always had music.''' ,'''I am glad that we can make bold films, different films within the commercial market and still do well.''' ,'''In a film like 'Kannathil Muthamittal,' I can't have a Rajnikanth or a Kamal Haasan. If you have a star, the expectation of the film is different. So, you cast according to the subject of the film. Some films are best done with stars because it gives you a base on which if you can get the correct performance, you can reach higher.''' ,'''There are filmmakers who get lucky with the first film itself, and then there are some of us who have to face difficulties.''' ,'''Roja,' 'Bombay' and 'Dil Se' weren't planned as political films. It was a phase India was going through and these things affected me and found their way into my work.''' ,'''The fact that technology has developed so much gives you the liberty to tell the stories, which were difficult to say earlier. It allows you to tell it more convincingly, more elaborately and more beautifully.''' ,'''I have only one simple ambition when I make a film. That it should be the best I have made so far. With 'Kadal' it was no different.''' ,'''I am a big fan of sleek action films.''' ,'''You can't say there is only one way of doing things, the police way of ensuring law and order.''' ,'''Seeing any film after I have made it is difficult.''' ,'''What I feel is great acting might be rubbish for another filmmaker. There is no right or wrong way to do it. It all boils down to the trust between an actor and a director.''' ,'''I want to make a film that can reach as many as possible so I want to talk in a language which I can easily communicate with.''' ,'''When I am making a film, it's very instinctive, it's not preset.''' ,'''I did my first film in Kannada.''' ,'''I work with actors who fit the bill. I have worked with Abhishek in 'Yuva,' 'Guru' and 'Raavan' because he was the perfect choice.''' ,'''Education is so important.''' ,'''I don't believe that to be mainstream you have to be foolish. I don't think you have to be a buffoon to sell. I think you can be logical, aesthetic and still work within the mainstream format.''' ,'''Actors are the most important. Performance is what matters. Nothing matters more than the actors; they have to perform. No one else can give life to the characters. Audiences must believe the characters as real and the moments as real.''' ,'''At the end of the day, all I want is that my films should do well.''' ,'''Bilingual films come with a certain inbuilt practical problem with respect to the setting of the story and the dialect.''' ,'''Rahman is very very director friendly. He is ever ready to go whichever the director wants, the story wants, depending on the kind of movie or the music you want, and within that he finds his niche. It is a constantly complementary process. At the end of the day he is not pleasing you, he has to please himself.''' ,'''I don't watch my old films like 'Roja,' 'Dil Se' because I only see mistakes. I see five minutes of the film and I am scared I will start finding mistakes in them.''' ,'''I enjoy making all kinds of films. I love action films, war films, period films, adventure films.''' ,'''Can I call up any actor in Mumbai? I can, and they can say wrong number and hang up!''' ,'''A song is a burden that you carry happily.''' ,'''The idea of 'Roja' was with me for seven years before I made it.''' ,'''Any good film you see gives you enough motivation and adrenaline rush to produce good content, while a bad film can get you so angry that you produce even better content.''' ,'''Indian cinema will continue to grow, I am very sure.''' ,'''Most ideas remain inside you for a while. You tell somebody when there is a spark or a thought, and leave it at that. You come back later, write down a few lines. I makes note in my mind on whether it can be made into a film or not.''' ,'''Westerners are open to Indian films.''' ,]
+++