+++
author = "Steve Irwin"
title = "Steve Irwin Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Steve Irwin Quotes"
keywords = "steve irwin,steve irwin quotes,steve irwin quote,steve irwin sayings,steve irwin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a proud Australian, a very, very proud Australian.''' ,'''I am optimistic globally. So many scientists are working frantically on the reparation of our planet.''' ,'''There's a lot of research behind the scenes that you don't get to see, but I have an instinct that my dad nurtured from when I was born. I was very lucky then.''' ,'''I believe sustainable use is the greatest propaganda in wildlife conservation at the moment.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm a thrill seeker, but crikey, education's the most important thing.''' ,'''We've evolved from sitting back on our tripods and shooting wildlife films like they have been shot historically, which doesn't work for us.''' ,'''The only animals I'm not comfortable with are parrots, but I'm learning as I go. I'm getting better and better at 'em. I really am.''' ,'''I get called an adrenaline junkie every other minute, and I'm just fine with that.''' ,'''Herein lies our problem. If we level that much land to grow rice and whatever, then no other animal could live there except for some insect pest species. Which is very unfortunate.''' ,'''No matter where you go and what you do in America, you turn the tele on and you're confronted with violence.''' ,'''Snakes are just very instinctive to me. I've been playing with snakes since before I could walk. It doesn't matter where or what it is, from the biggest to the most venomous.''' ,'''I believe that education is all about being excited about something. Seeing passion and enthusiasm helps push an educational message.''' ,'''You know, I'm Australian, and we have got the worst sense of humor. We are cruel to each other.''' ,'''Because when they strike it can be that quick that if they're within range, you're dead, you're dead in your tracks. And his head weighs more than my body so it's WHACK!''' ,'''That might have a lot to do with it, but you know, I probably don't show fear, but I suffer from fear like everyone else.''' ,'''Yeah, for some reason parrots have to bite me. That's their job. I don't know why that is. They've nearly torn my nose off. I've had some really bad parrot bites.''' ,'''Crikey means gee whiz, wow!''' ,'''I've probably saved thousands of peoples' lives with my educational message on snake bites, how to get in around venomous anything.''' ,'''No, snakes are no problem. I'd go to any country, anywhere, any snakes, not a problem.''' ,'''So, my tactic with conservation of apex predators is to get people excited and take them to where they live.''' ,'''I believe our biggest issue is the same biggest issue that the whole world is facing, and that's habitat destruction.''' ,'''Where I live if someone gives you a hug it's from the heart.''' ,'''I have no fear of losing my life - if I have to save a koala or a crocodile or a kangaroo or a snake, mate, I will save it.''' ,'''I sincerely believe that there's room for cutting down trees for forestry and grazing, so as we all get to eat. Everyone has to compromise.''' ,'''My dad taught me from my youngest childhood memories through these connections with Aboriginal and tribal people that you must always protect people's sacred status, regardless of the past.''' ,'''When I talk to the camera, mate, it's not like I'm talking to the camera, I'm talking to you because I want to whip you around and plunk you right there with me.''' ,'''My belief is that what comes across on the television is a capture of my enthusiasm and my passion for wildlife.''' ,'''Take the crocodile, for example, my favorite animal. There are 23 species. Seventeen of those species are rare or endangered. They're on the way out, no matter what anyone does or says, you know.''' ,'''Yeah, I think it's an absolute disaster that Australia, the government, allowed kangaroo culling.''' ,'''I bled a lot. I got hit across the face. We couldn't film for seven days. I got hit, whacked, underwater, across the face. I finished the shot, got into the boat and blood started coming out.''' ,'''So fear helps me from making mistakes, but I make lot of mistakes.''' ,'''So now what happens is the cameras follow me around and capture exactly what I've been doing since I was a boy. Only now we have a team of, you know, like 73 of us, and it's gone beyond that.''' ,'''The first crocodile I ever caught was at nine years of age, and it was a rescue.''' ,'''Every cent we earn from Crocodile Hunter goes straight back into conservation. Every single cent.''' ,'''You know, you can touch a stick of dynamite, but if you touch a venomous snake it'll turn around and bite you and kill you so fast it's not even funny.''' ,'''My field is with apex predators, hence your crocodiles, your snakes, your spiders.''' ,'''Since I was a boy, from this house, I was out rescuing crocodiles and snakes. My mum and dad were very passionate about that and, I was lucky enough to go along.''' ,]
+++