+++
author = "Eva Gabor"
title = "Eva Gabor Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Eva Gabor Quotes"
keywords = "eva gabor,eva gabor quotes,eva gabor quote,eva gabor sayings,eva gabor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was the first actress in the family, and I am still the only actress in the family. I shouldn't be saying it, but it slipped out!''' ,'''After all the work I've done, why should I suddenly be treated as a bona fide actress?''' ,'''Love is a game that two can play and both win.''' ,'''The average housewife goes to the restaurant to relax and enjoy the food. But when Eva walks in, she becomes the center of attention.''' ,'''East Hampton happens to have been the first place in the world where I was a star, a real star with a star pasted above my name on the dressing-room door.''' ,'''I've always known I would be a success, but I was surprised at the way it came.''' ,'''Most people don't need to work as hard as I do.''' ,'''The only thing you have to know are your words.''' ,'''My co-workers expect me to be late and temperamental.''' ,'''Marriage is too interesting an experiment to be tried only once.''' ,'''I love the fast lane.''' ,'''I made up my mind to be an actress when I was 4 years old.''' ,'''I learned early that you only have so much energy to give. You have to spend it correctly.''' ,'''I'm a workaholic. Before long I'm traveling on my nervous energy alone. This is incredibly exhausting.''' ,'''It's sheer torture. I have to be up with the chickens every day and go to work on my body. I hate it, but I do it.''' ,'''There was no way I could live in Hollywood and not become an actress.''' ,'''I'm acting when I serve as a hostess, when I run my wig business. I was born to act, and life itself is the greatest part.''' ,'''If a man is truly in love, the most beautiful woman in the world couldn't take him away. Maybe for a few days, but not forever.''' ,'''I should have been smart enough to stay happy. But my ambition ruled my life.''' ,]
+++