+++
author = "Lauren Myracle"
title = "Lauren Myracle Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Lauren Myracle Quotes"
keywords = "lauren myracle,lauren myracle quotes,lauren myracle quote,lauren myracle sayings,lauren myracle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I understand why parents worry about books - they're worried about their kids. They want to keep their kids safe. But parents aren't always realistic.''' ,'''I don't shy from controversy. I'm telling stories, and I'll tell whatever story seems like it wants to be told.''' ,'''Being an author of banned books is cool, I've decided.''' ,'''I'm always drawn to the underdogs, to the people whose stories don't get told.''' ,'''Kids need to see their world reflected back to them.''' ,'''I know I seem really friendly, but I'm a closet introvert.''' ,'''Kids are smart. Knowledge is power. Let them figure things out. Don't turn into that grown-up who they won't come to.''' ,'''When guys talk about sex, eyebrows don't get raised. It's different for girls.''' ,'''Ideas matter. The world matters. Our lives matter, and the choices we make as we navigate our lives perhaps matter most of all.''' ,'''Every time I write a new book, I want to push myself to try something different.''' ,'''Whatever you hold onto that you want to do, and that other people tell you you are foolish to want to do - don't give up.''' ,'''Sometimes I worry I'm writing 'Fifty Shades of Grey' for teenagers, but I'm not.''' ,'''Give your kid some credit for being smart - just because they read about something doesn't mean they will do it.''' ,'''What I find cool about being a banned author is this: I'm writing books that evoke a reaction, books that, if dropped in a lake, go down not with a whimper but a splash.''' ,'''God, it sucks to disappoint your parents, even at forty-two years old.''' ,'''It's neither my job nor within my capabilities to save people. But a book sure can try.''' ,]
+++