+++
author = "Rakesh Jhunjhunwala"
title = "Rakesh Jhunjhunwala Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Rakesh Jhunjhunwala Quotes"
keywords = "rakesh jhunjhunwala,rakesh jhunjhunwala quotes,rakesh jhunjhunwala quote,rakesh jhunjhunwala sayings,rakesh jhunjhunwala saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Apart from being motivation for themselves, I think big givers should also talk about their philanthropy so that their work and their success stories prove inspirational enough for many others to follow.''' ,'''I found the stock market very intriguing because prices used to fluctuate, I used to wonder why the price fluctuates.''' ,'''I have two interests in life - markets and women. Both are concerned with four letter words - markets with the risk and woman with love.''' ,'''Markets go up not because there is abundance of buyers, but because there is a lack of sellers.''' ,'''The biggest thing that limits India's growth is democracy, but it is needed. We cannot overrule it.''' ,'''I want to give more time to my children, my family, to my health.''' ,'''No, I do not trade Euros. There is no Euro trading in India.''' ,'''The journey to limit crony capitalism: It's a journey, it's not a destination. Slowly but surely, in India, crony capitalism has died and governance is what brings about real growth.''' ,'''My personal opinion is that when the economy does well, anybody who has a deposit franchise will survive and grow because how can you lend if you do not have a deposit franchise?''' ,'''In a marriage, in a relationship there should not be your money and my money. It has to be our money.''' ,'''You know, a balance-sheet is like a bikini, it shows more but it hides what is vital. I learnt to read a balance sheet and then I got fascinated by stocks.''' ,'''Everything which is good in life is dicey, including pretty girls.''' ,'''What is too popular may not be profitable. Don't invest in B2C companies, instead invest in B2B companies.''' ,'''I cannot say no for anything to my daughter.''' ,'''Growth comes from chaos, not order.''' ,'''You can't make money on borrowed knowledge. If following Rakesh Jhunjhunwala was all it took to make money, a lot more people would be rich. It requires patience and you learn from mistakes.''' ,'''My true gods are my parents. I am what I am because of them.''' ,'''Not being dogmatic has helped me become a better stock-picker.''' ,'''In my 25-30 years of experience in the markets, just as you cannot have a good relationship with a woman by bullying her, you cannot have a good relationship with the market by trying to bully it or say that you are the king. Market is king.''' ,'''I do not do any trading internationally.''' ,'''Bull markets are Test matches and not 50-over games.''' ,'''I started my life with Rs 5,000.''' ,'''But I can tell you markets are like women, always commanding, always mysterious, always volatile, always exciting and it is not a joke.''' ,'''Learning English in Tier-2 and Tier-3 towns places the person ahead of the curve. I'm sorry to say but that's the reality.''' ,'''It is not that Covid is going to impede the progress of humanity. It is not as much a changing event as it was being predicted, according to me.''' ,'''I think true love - love, wine and beauty, they better with age.''' ,'''The world is not going to fall as long as there is confidence in governments and in banking institutions and the financial system.''' ,'''I am interested in government spend quality, as it accounts for the biggest chunk of the social spending pie. Hundreds of foundations put together cannot equal what the government can spend.''' ,'''When the food at home is so tasty, why go out and eat?''' ,'''I don't understand the business models of Flipkart and Uber. See no logic in people saying business models like that of Flipkart will flourish but that of D-Mart will not.''' ,'''When you become larger, the methods you use, the information you have, and people who assist you in attaining your goals should change.''' ,'''I'd be lying if I said I didn't like the money, but that's not what motivates me.''' ,'''Alternatives to oil are coming up. In the long run, it is not going to be as bleak as people are predicting but surely consumption of fuel by automobile sector is going to go down.''' ,'''There can be no greater well wisher for me in life than my mother.''' ,'''I do not think, like people say, that I am a guru or I know everything.''' ,'''The typical conditions for the birth of a bull market are here: you have a changed country, you have a deep fall in growth and everybody is perplexed by the rise of stocks.''' ,'''My father was always not concerned about the wealth I have, but every year he would ask me, how much have you given in charity? And how much taxes have you paid?''' ,'''We never extrapolate: In 1988, my net worth was Rs 1 crore and 1993, it was Rs 200 crore, this does not mean that in 2000, it is going to be Rs 800 crore. In 2002 also, my net worth was Rs 250 crore. We cannot extrapolate things. You take success with paranoia and it is always transient and temporary.''' ,'''I made many mistakes but my triumphs have received far greater publicity than my failures.''' ,'''Believe me, I do not go to Delhi, I do not know anybody in Delhi.''' ,'''People will laugh at me, but when they ask me to make a wish for the next life, I will say I want the same parents, same brother and sister, same wife, same friends.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of losing money, I'm afraid of sour relationships.''' ,'''All democratic societies eventually decide what is in favor of them.''' ,'''The markets are like a weather; you may not like it but you have to bear it.''' ,'''I myself am a private equity investor.''' ,'''I have a drink everyday in the evening.''' ,'''See, I'm a risk taker. If I feel very opinionated, I can really put the money on the table.''' ,'''I am always capital short. If I see the opportunity, I will get the money.''' ,'''The biggest quest to learn anything is curiosity. If you are curious about something, you will go and dig.''' ,'''Impossible is the word for fools in my dictionary.''' ,'''One thing which keeps me apart is that I have got guts. I may have Rs 1,000 in my bank but if I think the deal is worth a crore - I will do it.''' ,'''If the NDA doesn't get a majority, that will not upset the market so much... but a situation where the BJP and NDA are not able to form the government that will be very troublesome for the market. But I think that is not likely.''' ,'''I am an optimist by nature and I reserve the right to be wrong.''' ,'''I don't want to lecture anybody, I would only say this to my fellow people would be to give, however small. Give what your pocket permits. I don't think a person who is giving Rs 10, is giving less than me.''' ,'''I love to read and watch movies.''' ,'''Success should not make you think you are God's gift to mankind. You should never forget that you are what you are because God chose you to be there.''' ,'''I am not giving so much of my wealth that I should feel that I am a philanthropist.''' ,'''I think when markets go up and there is no manipulation in markets and people question the market going up and it keeps going up, that is a true bull market.''' ,'''Ultimately savings have to go somewhere and I think they will find their home in financial markets and within financial markets, a large part in equity.''' ,'''What leads to a growth - skills, demographics, natural resources, democracy, entrepreneurship - India has in abundant measure.''' ,'''I am extremely bullish in the longer period.''' ,'''What happens is the market really booms when people really leverage and they really leverage when they make a lot of money.''' ,'''I have far less than what people think, but far more than I need.''' ,'''I think the Covid-19 crisis has been blown out of proportion and has created an unnecessary fear psychosis.''' ,'''If you have a company called x and today you feel the price is very high. Next year it could perform very well but the price may not perform. So in the stock market what happens is buy on the rumor, sell on the news.''' ,'''There has to be a period of consolidation in the IT industry. Similarly in pharma, I think India is going to be a world power. We have the lowest cost, good technology, Indian companies are gaining size.''' ,'''I watch a lot of TV dramas.''' ,'''Children malnourished at age 5 tend to suffer permanent physical and mental damage. So if I can save a child from malnutrition, I find it has an extremely favorable risk-reward ratio - the cost I incur versus the overall benefit that I can bring to society.''' ,'''I do not think Tesla can last but that does not mean I am going to short it.''' ,'''You cannot artificially curb gold imports beyond a point. But I am hopeful it will happen because the rupee depreciation should by itself lead to a large growth in exports and some compression of imports.''' ,'''The government needs to send out a message to the business community that 'we are on your side.'''' ,'''Markets may in the short-term correct. But in a bull market the correction is always sharp, swift and short-lived.''' ,'''I am buying the most unpopular, most battered stocks, but then who knows?''' ,'''In India, one has to have faith in equity. What are the alternatives - real estate, debt? If debt can give you 6 percent, equity can give you 15 percent.''' ,'''The first stock I bought was Tata Tea, the first stock where I made big money was also Tata Tea.''' ,'''I'm not a clone of anybody. I'm Rakesh Jhunjhunwala.''' ,'''I am very opinionated and sometimes a very irritating character but, I have learnt that the quest to learn is a journey, not a destination.''' ,'''My father was a person who always allowed me to do what I wanted but he told me you want to go to a stock market, first get yourself qualified. So, I qualified myself as a chartered accountant and my dad said what do you want to do? I said I want to go to the stock market. He asked what will you do? I said I invest.''' ,'''Films are getting expensive by the day. They are making more money by the day.''' ,'''My father was also interested in stocks. When I was a young child, he and his friends would drink in the evening and discuss about the stock market.''' ,'''In commodities, when prices go up, demand goes down. In stocks, when prices go up, demand goes up.''' ,'''What India needs is ease of doing business and inherent faith in the ability of Indians to catch an opportunity.''' ,'''I want to work in water resources, as I think creating a string of check dams and utilizing water better is far more cost-effective than large stand-alone dams.''' ,'''I told my father I wanted to go to the stock market. My father reacted by telling me not to ask him or any of his friends for money. He, however, told me that I could live in the house in Mumbai and that if I did not do well in the market I could always earn my livelihood as chartered accountant. This sense of security really drove me in life.''' ,'''I reflected a lot, I thought a lot on my 50th birthday. It has been one of the most important birthdays in my life, not in terms of celebration but in terms of retrospect.''' ,'''Markets tend to shake you up before a bull run.''' ,'''When there's doom and gloom, don't forget there's darkness before dawn.''' ,'''I don't think Indian e-commerce companies have an evolved business model.''' ,'''What India needs for prosperity is just ease of doing business.''' ,'''I know film industry is not a very healthy place to be in.''' ,'''If I have a fever, I take a Crocin but my wife calls a doctor, my mother calls a doctor. Similarly, investing is not something which a doctor or a lawyer or Internet specialist can really understand. Take professional advice, plan.''' ,'''Insurance, pension reforms are going to be extremely important for the stock market because the kind of money we'll get from that is unbelievable.''' ,'''Bull markets have valuation froth and bull markets have commitment forth. Now just by valuation froth, bull markets do not end.''' ,'''I am not afraid of making mistakes. But my mistakes were those that I could afford. That's very important: mistakes will happen but you must ensure that you keep them within limits you can afford.''' ,'''You can never predict how market will react. You can model it. You may try to predict it, but weather and markets and risk, only God knows because only he has seen tomorrow.''' ,'''These dire predictions of COVID are behind us. Covid is getting milder and people are learning to treat it better. The percentage of deaths is coming down. We are learning to live with it.''' ,'''When people talk to you in such glowing terms, that is the time to be very, very alert because the worst of the mistakes are made in the best of the times.''' ,'''There is a digital revolution going on around the world and India is in better placed to tap the opportunity.''' ,'''I've lived the world on my own terms. I do what I enjoy. I enjoy what I do.''' ,'''Draw a balance between the present and the future and one advice I give to every young Indian - the most difficult thing in India, urban India, is housing. So first thing that you do is try and buy house as that gives a great sense of security.''' ,]
+++