+++
author = "Josh Blue"
title = "Josh Blue Quotes"
quotes_len = "89"
description = "the best 89 Josh Blue Quotes"
keywords = "josh blue,josh blue quotes,josh blue quote,josh blue sayings,josh blue saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's just so weird that some people recognize me from TV and then other people say, 'Get away from me, you drunk!'''' ,'''The more I move on stage, the more people are just drawn to the movement. The way that I walk and my gait - it's very eye catching. And the way my hand hooks and moves on its own - it's almost hypnotic.''' ,'''I was on the U.S.S. Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier. That's an experience I'll never forget.''' ,'''My jokes are pretty over the top sometimes.''' ,'''If I can make someone laugh while sending a message, that's the best lesson.''' ,'''I have a half-hour special on Comedy Central, but so many people have half-hour specials now, and it's not so 'special.'''' ,'''I used to do a lot of pratfalls on stage. And I tell you, when a guy with cerebral palsy falls down on stage on purpose - nobody ever knows if it was real or not.''' ,'''Whether you know it or not, when you leave one of my shows, you have a different understanding of disabilities and what disability is.''' ,'''I'd be the only disabled kid in the neighborhood playing football, and we're playing full contact, and I'd always manage to get open.''' ,'''I have the common sense to know that my disability is what makes me stand out. But I don't want to be thought of as just 'the comic with cerebral palsy.'''' ,'''The thing about my comedy is that I'm so comfortable with my disability that you don't have a right to be uncomfortable.''' ,'''Honestly, I wish I could bring more of Colorado with me everywhere.''' ,'''I really enjoy sculpting, like wood carving, and do artwork.''' ,'''My goal was always to sell out theaters. When it happens you never expect it to be like it is, but you know it feels right.''' ,'''I'm a real street-ball player. I like to do silly tricks and show off.''' ,'''I set out to be a comedian, and then the spokesperson thing is kind of just something that came along with it.''' ,'''Soccer is the international language. If you bring a soccer ball with you to any other country, you can make friends instantly.''' ,'''When you're a dad, there's a ton of material there with your family.''' ,'''If you don't experience something first hand, you'll never know.''' ,'''It's a hard road to hoe, doing one-nighters. I remember doing VFWs in Madison, Wisconsin. Those were pretty rough shows.''' ,'''I feel like I'm at the point in my career where I'm ready to be the next big funny movie star.''' ,'''I love walking the line. I look very wobbly. Like I'm gonna fall over the line. But I never do.''' ,'''Denver is home to me. It's my everything. It's where my children are, where my lady lives, where I have my house.''' ,'''It's funny what funny is, because everyone's style is so different.''' ,'''I feel like when you call me inspirational, it takes away from the success that I've actually had. Would you say that to any other comic that just ripped the mic for an hour?''' ,'''I have a small part as an Ace Rental Car guy in a regular feature called 'Ca$h.'''' ,'''It's hard enough for disabled people to get acting jobs without able-bodied people taking them. As an actor, I know that I'm not going to be stealing any able-bodied roles from any able-bodied people.''' ,'''It's a lot of work being daddy, but I love it.''' ,'''I come out and say what needs to be said but in a manner that makes people feel comfortable.''' ,'''I was walking downtown and the drunk tank stopped and picked me up... I was like, 'Wait a minute here fellas, there's a misunderstanding. I'm not drunk. I have cerebral palsy.' They were like, 'That's a pretty big word for a drunk.'''' ,'''I've always had this dream of doing an art gallery thing, and it was just finally, 'All right, let's do it.'''' ,'''If you have a good show, you're happy for the night. If you do a bad night, you feel bad until the next show.''' ,'''My thing is I'm not very P.C., but I'm tactful. I try not to offend anyone.''' ,'''I enjoy horror movies.''' ,'''I'm just living my life the way I want to live it, as opposed to the way people think I should live it.''' ,'''Somebody will occasionally give me a line or a tag or something like that. It's rare that someone will give me a whole joke that I can use.''' ,'''I started out not doing jokes about my disability. I just talked about my life. But I've found that if I don't broach the subject, people are kind of like, 'C'mon, talk about it.' They want to hear about it.''' ,'''All the traveling means I'm constantly writing and testing new jokes.''' ,'''I don't think I'd know I had cerebral palsy if other people didn't tell me.''' ,'''My biggest influence is Chris Rock. His physicality is like a caged tiger - pacing the stage - how he walks back and forth.''' ,'''I want people to think I'm funny, and to make them laugh.''' ,'''I'd love to see a sitcom about someone with cerebral palsy.''' ,'''Like, if you see my show, my jokes are much longer and they're just like, I'm going with the vibe.''' ,'''I wasn't doing the comedy thing at all for six months. And it was just eating at my soul.''' ,'''Regarding having Cerebral Palsy, I know realistically that I can't go up there on stage and ignore it.''' ,'''Obviously, I can't get away from having a disability, but sometimes when you have a beard and long hair, people can't figure it out.''' ,'''I've always been a horrible public speaker. If I had to give a presentation, I would cry.''' ,'''I always say, my set is like building a brick wall that all the jokes are the bricks but the improv is the mortar. You piece it all together and have a certain flow to it.''' ,'''I'm a laugh junkie!''' ,'''I worked at the zoo for three months, and I got to be very close with the 400 pound gorilla. And I was one of three people in the world that could touch him.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like I'm lucky that I can just laugh about it because I know a lot of disabled people who don't because it hurts them. And you leave my show with a different perspective on disability, whether you realize it or not - maybe not better, but a different one!''' ,'''I've always been a huge fan of Chris Rock.''' ,'''I would go to open-mic nights and realize that I was not near as bad as half the people.''' ,'''I'm a much better comedian than I am a soccer player.''' ,'''As I get older and mature and see the world, I think it's really rewarding to have people take inspiration - I hate the 'I' word - but I think a lot of disabled people really thank me for putting disability out there in a positive way.''' ,'''This is all I've ever known. I don't know what it's like to not walk shaky.''' ,'''Soccer is an endless source of material. I mean, take my Paralympic teammates. It's a mix of 12 goofy, disabled guys and when we come together, we just laugh at each other.''' ,'''I can't draw a straight line.''' ,'''Now that people know who I am, I don't really have to talk as much about the disability stuff.''' ,'''No matter how good of an actor I am, I can't un-act having cerebral palsy.''' ,'''I don't really take myself too seriously.''' ,'''I feel like every person has a disability in some way. Whether you're dyslexic or Republican or whatever.''' ,'''The way my body works, people are always going to stare at me. It's just human nature.''' ,'''I have to deal with people in weird ways. I was walking down the street and this woman walks up to me and she goes, 'You know, I think it's so inspirational that you're out.' I was like, 'I'm on my way to the liquor store. Are you inspired?'''' ,'''At Evergreen you can create your own major and your own classes. So I actually studied stand-up comedy.''' ,'''At a very young age, I realized that with my disability, I could cry or laugh.''' ,'''When I was young, I realized that people were going to stare at me my whole life, so I might as well give them something to stare at.''' ,'''People have preconceived ideas about disability. When people tell me that I can't do something, it just makes me go 'Oh, yeah? Watch this.' I kind of like a little adversity.''' ,'''I'm pretty open as far as my personal life is concerned.''' ,'''That's my viewpoint; I just tackle the world, whatever comes at me.''' ,'''The more exposure any big comic with a disability gets will open more doors for the rest of us and help change people's attitudes.''' ,'''I like to be good at what I do. It's frustrating when I'm not. But if I get an idea in my head, you better not try to stop me, because that is just going to push me harder.''' ,'''I'm definitely pretty edgy.''' ,'''I pull my material from daily life.''' ,'''When I was growing up, my parents were too cheap to buy a snowblower, so my crippled butt was out clearing the whole driveway every winter. It was hell.''' ,'''I think what makes me so appealing is the audience doesn't expect me to be so ruthless.''' ,'''My show is not all about the cerebral palsy, but it definitely comes from that point of view. I tried to do my show from a Southern belle point of view, but that didn't work quite right.''' ,'''I don't do much political stuff because our nation is so divided, we can't say one thing without the other side automatically assumes that you are pro the other side.''' ,'''I'm a one-take kind of guy.''' ,'''I have no ill intent toward anyone.''' ,'''There's a lot of preconceived ideas of what disability is, what a disabled person should be like, and I try to throw that in your face.''' ,'''The whole opportunity of being on 'Last Comic' gave me the chance to display me being funny on and off stage.''' ,'''I always dreamed I would be a really good bad guy.''' ,'''I do hour-long shows all over the country almost every day.''' ,'''As a disabled person, I feel like a lot of times we don't get to be heard.''' ,'''Every time I tell a joke it's different somehow.''' ,'''Ever see a guy with cerebral palsy run through a speed ladder? I mean, that is funny.''' ,'''I memorize stuff that I know works, and then 25 percent is just feeding off the audience and going where they want to go. Sometimes things flop. That's where the jokes come in.''' ,'''But the good thing about performing every night is I don't have any excuse not to try something new every day.''' ,]
+++