+++
author = "Bob Marley"
title = "Bob Marley Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Bob Marley Quotes"
keywords = "bob marley,bob marley quotes,bob marley quote,bob marley sayings,bob marley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Herb is the healing of a nation, alcohol is the destruction.''' ,'''God sent me on earth. He send me to do something, and nobody can stop me. If God want to stop me, then I stop. Man never can.''' ,'''If something can corrupt you, you're corrupted already.''' ,'''If you're white and you're wrong, then you're wrong; if you're black and you're wrong, you're wrong. People are people. Black, blue, pink, green - God make no rules about color; only society make rules where my people suffer, and that why we must have redemption and redemption now.''' ,'''Me don't dip on nobody's side. Me don't dip on the black man's side, not the white man's side. Me dip on God's side, the one who create me and cause me to come from black and white.''' ,'''It take many a year, mon, and maybe some bloodshed must be, but righteousness someday prevail.''' ,'''Don't gain the world and lose your soul; wisdom is better than silver or gold.''' ,'''Money can't buy life.''' ,'''Tell the children the truth.''' ,'''Bob Marley isn't my name. I don't even know my name yet.''' ,'''Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight.''' ,'''The devil ain't got no power over me. The devil come, and me shake hands with the devil. Devil have his part to play. Devil's a good friend, too... because when you don't know him, that's the time he can mosh you down.''' ,'''The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively.''' ,'''Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy. Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality. Wake Up and Live!''' ,'''Every time I plant a seed, He say kill it before it grow, he say kill it before they grow.''' ,'''Man is a universe within himself.''' ,'''My future is righteousness.''' ,'''When you smoke the herb, it reveals you to yourself.''' ,'''If you get down and quarell everyday, you're saying prayers to the devil, I say.''' ,'''Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny.''' ,'''People want to listen to a message, word from Jah. This could be passed through me or anybody. I am not a leader. Messenger. The words of the songs, not the person, is what attracts people.''' ,'''My music will go on forever. Maybe it's a fool say that, but when me know facts me can say facts. My music will go on forever.''' ,'''Me is a common sense man. That mean when me explain things, me explain it in a very simple way; that mean if I explain it to a baby, the baby will understand too, you know.''' ,'''You have to be someone.''' ,'''Rastafari not a culture, it's a reality.''' ,'''In this bright future you can't forget your past.''' ,'''I've been here before and will come again, but I'm not going this trip through.''' ,'''As a man sow, shall he reap. and I know that talk is cheap. But the heat of the battle is as sweet as the victory.''' ,'''My music fights against the system that teaches to live and die.''' ,'''The more people smoke herb, the more Babylon fall.''' ,'''Prejudice is a chain, it can hold you. If you prejudice, you can't move, you keep prejudice for years. Never get nowhere with that.''' ,'''I don't stand for the black man's side, I don' t stand for the white man's side. I stand for God's side.''' ,'''Truth is everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.''' ,'''I don't believe in death, neither in flesh nor in spirit.''' ,'''I don't know how to live good. I only know how to suffer.''' ,'''Me only have one ambition, y'know. I only have one thing I really like to see happen. I like to see mankind live together - black, white, Chinese, everyone - that's all.''' ,'''You entertain people who are satisfied. Hungry people can't be entertained - or people who are afraid. You can't entertain a man who has no food.''' ,'''The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.''' ,'''You not supposed to feel down over whatever happen to you. I mean, you're supposed to use whatever happen to you as some type of upper, not a downer.''' ,'''One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.''' ,'''When one door is closed, don't you know, another is open.''' ,'''I no have education. I have inspiration. If I was educated, I would be a damn fool.''' ,'''None but ourselves can free our minds.''' ,'''What important is man should live in righteousness, in natural love for mankind.''' ,'''Everything is political. I will never be a politician or even think political. Me just deal with life and nature. That is the greatest thing to me.''' ,'''Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?''' ,'''Babylon is everywhere. You have wrong and you have right. Wrong is what we call Babylon, wrong things. That is what Babylon is to me. I could have born in England, I could have born in America, it make no difference where me born, because there is Babylon everywhere.''' ,]
+++