+++
author = "Brook Lopez"
title = "Brook Lopez Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Brook Lopez Quotes"
keywords = "brook lopez,brook lopez quotes,brook lopez quote,brook lopez sayings,brook lopez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Growing up, my mom was my mother and father figure. She was my role model. I looked up to her. She was all we ever needed.''' ,'''I was raised just by my mom. That's the way it was. It was normal to me.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be a Wookiee. I relate to them a lot.''' ,'''At Stanford, it was a little bit difficult for players to 'D' me up in the post, so that was a strength of ours. We just pounded it in the block. But I really feel I could play both the 4 or 5 position.''' ,'''To organize all my comics, I've been making custom cabinets.''' ,'''I admire that Robin isn't scared to show up every day, since he gets embarrassed every day.''' ,'''I can remember in second grade coming back from school and telling my mom, 'You know what, before I play in the NBA, I want to go to Stanford.' Because of her, I had everything figured out.''' ,'''I like adding stuff to my game, I want to be as complete a player as possible. So I want to be able to do a bit of everything and be good, or great at everything.''' ,'''Growing up with just my mom, it went so well. It worked out so well. It was normal to me. I wasn't really looking for a father figure.''' ,'''I guess you just have to embrace aging, right?''' ,'''You never know what's going to happen, nothing's for certain.''' ,'''In my mom's case, she did a fantastic job. She raised four well-rounded, smart boys on a public school teacher's salary. She's impressive. She was always there for us. She sacrificed for us constantly.''' ,'''I've played with a lot of great players.''' ,'''I think how you approach the game creatively definitely comes from how you grew up and how creative you are as a person.''' ,'''I am who I am. I'm not going to go out of my way to impress anybody for a sponsorship. I'm not going to change who I am for a sponsorship.''' ,'''I've always been a big Avengers guy: Nightcrawler, Hawkeye and Iceman.''' ,'''I had such a fantastic time playing with the Nets, made some connections, friendships relationships that I'll have and cherish for life.''' ,'''I read a lot of comic books and they don't mention Dwight Howard much.''' ,'''My older brothers always collected comics and read them. When we were little, Robin and I would sneak into their room and take them and read them.''' ,'''I feel like I am a valuable player.''' ,'''I'm an active guy off the court, I love messing around and having fun with my friends.''' ,'''I'm not the quickest guy in the world, so I figured if I beat a guy off the dribble, I kind of want to get my space and get my shot up fairly quick - not rush my shot or anything, but just get to my spot where I can make it and they have no chance of contesting it.''' ,'''I'm always trying to block shots.''' ,'''I'm not gonna talk-trash and that's the bottom line.''' ,'''I'd like to be in a position to have plays run through me and share the ball, make plays. Still score, obviously, but make plays, as well.''' ,'''You have to go in with a mindset, just if you're open you're going to shoot your shot.''' ,'''I did everything I could to control my future.''' ,'''Sometimes I just go into Shakespearean sonnets and end it with a nice little couplet.''' ,'''No question, I love being a Net.''' ,'''Robin is a really good defender, runs well, dribbles the ball and plays hard and does whatever a coach wants him to do.''' ,'''I'd like to think I've become a better leader, first and foremost, a more vocal leader on the court. More of a playmaker, a more all-around player.''' ,'''Wherever I am I just try to be there for my teammates on the floor and put forth effort and help our team win.''' ,'''I'll always be a Disneyland guy. I grew up going there, it's the original, but I love Disney World, I come out here all the time.''' ,'''We lived in North Hollywood, so we'd go to Disneyland a lot, and I'd go on Star Tours all the time. It was my favorite ride.''' ,'''I love you, C-3PO. I love the original trilogy. But when R2-D2 runs away in the first 'Star Wars,' instead of stopping him or going to tell Luke and Uncle Owen, he hides. It's so good. He hides! He has to wait for Luke to come and tell him R2-D2 ran away. What a dork!''' ,'''I want to be a Net for my entire career.''' ,'''It's impressive, just driving around Brooklyn, seeing the fans wearing the logo. They've really embraced us.''' ,'''Return of the Jedi' has always been favorite. It almost goes backwards for me. 'Return of the Jedi,' then 'Empire,' then 'Star Wars.'''' ,'''When people look back on me and my career, I'd like them to say I was one of the people who helped start something big in Brooklyn. Started a legacy where players want to come and play.''' ,'''I'm not just shooting 3s. I'm working on my mid-range game, working in the post as well, trying to mix in everything and be the most complete player I can both offensively and defensively.''' ,'''I always pride myself on being an inside and outside player and pride myself on what I can do inside the paint.''' ,'''I went to classes on writing for film and theatre as well as short stories at Stanford.''' ,'''I love drawing. It's a passion of mine, and I'm a creative person. I always have my sketch book with me.''' ,'''When I go to a foreign country I want to explore and get lost, discover the real place.''' ,'''My mom was a swimmer growing up. She was World Class.''' ,'''I think one of the coolest things, really a blessing of being in the league, is just being able to travel so much. You're fortunate that you don't have to pay for the traveling usually or anything like that.''' ,'''Just to be a part of that Laker tradition is really a dream come true.''' ,'''I would want to own property in Bespin.''' ,'''I am confident in my game that I can contribute when I am on the floor.''' ,'''A lot of times in my career, I've been the end point, the termination point of a lot of plays, just scoring the ball.''' ,'''Coach Hollins loves to talk. No question he's good at that.''' ,'''I always had confidence in myself shooting.''' ,'''I'm a little disappointed in my rebounding.''' ,'''I think every year I say the same thing: I want to win, regardless.''' ,'''My older brothers were both basketball players so I just grew up around the gym.''' ,'''I love being out there on the court trying to help my team whenever I can.''' ,'''I was always confident in myself. I knew what I was capable of.''' ,'''We were really going with what worked at Stanford. It was difficult for players to 'D' me up in the post, so that was a strength of ours and we just pounded it in the block.''' ,'''I enjoyed playing in L.A. and being a Laker. But I couldn't be happier playing in Milwaukee. This has been an amazing situation to come into.''' ,'''For Christmas our grandmother would give us this huge box every year of just art supplies, construction paper, water colors, charcoals, crayons, color pencils.''' ,'''I've always tried to have fun when I go out and play basketball.''' ,'''I don't think I'm soft. I don't think my teammates think I'm soft. I don't know where that comes from, but... whatever.''' ,'''I was always a big Ken Griffey Jr. fan growing up.''' ,'''I've always been a DC guy, but I also like Marvel.''' ,'''The Nets are the only place I want to be.''' ,'''If you've learned anything from the modern superhero myth, if you see a bat around and it bites you, you have a 75 percent chance of ending up a superhero. Otherwise, you'll probably get really sick. But it'd be cool to be a superhero. You don't need to be too afraid.''' ,'''I did playwriting, creative writing, short story, novelization.''' ,'''Growing up, I was a huge Laker fan. It's home for me.''' ,'''Playing for a team you grew up rooting for, there's nothing cooler than that.''' ,'''I've approached a couple of publishing houses about getting my work in print one day. I'd like to concentrate on sci-fi or action adventure.''' ,'''I can be a guy the guys can rely on, an anchor in the paint, whether it's blocking shots or being on that help side.''' ,'''There's some of these villains that are just crazy and they do it just to do it. Then you got The Joker, who says he's an agent of chaos and he comes back in different forms every time, comes back to fight Batman he's a different character, different guy.''' ,'''In my family, Robin loves planning the trips. He does the itineraries and everything, always sends them out in a mass text.''' ,'''Robin and I collaborate together. We definitely try various things.''' ,'''I'm a pretty big Disney geek.''' ,'''I'm kind of the Robin Lopez Kryptonite, and there's a lot of Robin Lopez Kryptonite in the world.''' ,'''I obviously love playing the game.''' ,'''I love Hawkeye. I think it has something to with how he's such a marksman from far away. That's something I'd love to be on the court.''' ,'''There's definitely a learning curve to each coach, no question. They come in with their systems, their philosophies. I'm a super coachable guy, trying to put the team first and do what they require of me.''' ,'''I grew up watching the old 'Batman' shows, the 'Batman' cartoon, and the 'X-Men' cartoon was on when I was little. I was always surrounded by superheroes.''' ,'''I've always felt that I shot the ball well from distance, but it's just having the opportunity to finally do so. It's great and I'm trying to take advantage of it.''' ,'''I try and improve each and every game.''' ,'''When I first came in the league I wasn't a really big watch guy. But then Ryan Anderson, who was really into watches, kinda got me into collecting them.''' ,'''Who hasn't dreamed of being a superhero? I don't know what my superhero name would be, but my power? I would have to say time travel.''' ,'''When I was really little, we used to play Sega Genesis, and my older brother would play 'Sonic The Hedgehog 2,' and he'd be playing as Sonic, but he'd leave an unplugged controller for me to play with, and the whole time I thought I was playing as Tails.''' ,'''Your shot might not be falling, but there's still lots of other things you can do on the court.''' ,'''I've been lucky enough to have good coaches my whole career who just teach you the right way, teach you the fundamentals.''' ,'''A lot of the Force stuff, what Yoda says in 'The Empire Strikes Back,' resonates with me a lot.''' ,'''With the rotations, a lot of them they're not fancy plays.''' ,'''I have two older brothers. My twin Rob and I are the youngest in the family, and our brothers were born in '76 and '81.''' ,'''Next to my bed I have a custom lightsaber. A custom hilt with an orange blade up on the wall.''' ,'''When it's a good shot, open, in rhythm with our offense you've got to take it. If it's open you've got to have confidence to shoot it and knock it down.''' ,'''It's a dream come true to play for the Lakers.''' ,'''There's a lot of good superheroes out there to pick. Batman's always been my favorite. Batman thinks of everything. Batman's always prepared.''' ,'''Sometimes, obviously it's an incentive to tank if you have the opportunity to get those high draft picks.''' ,'''Sometimes guys miss calls. That's the way it is.''' ,'''My favorite Marvel villain is Doctor Doom from Fantastic Four. For DC, I think it's a popular choice, but it's the Joker.''' ,'''Robin is the exaggerated version of me. He's more of a cartoon character.''' ,'''Just playing in Brooklyn, playing in New York is such an amazing experience - it's something that can be so special.''' ,'''Robin could be a backup, to maybe Tim Duncan. That's cool. It's possible, probably unlikely, but it's his dream.''' ,]
+++