+++
author = "Marc-Andre Ter Stegen"
title = "Marc-Andre Ter Stegen Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Marc-Andre Ter Stegen Quotes"
keywords = "marc-andre ter stegen,marc-andre ter stegen quotes,marc-andre ter stegen quote,marc-andre ter stegen sayings,marc-andre ter stegen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can't say who is the best, because all of them have their qualities. There are many goalkeepers out there who can make a difference.''' ,'''In football, sometimes things go very quickly.''' ,'''Football is my job, and all that matters is the present, the next game.''' ,'''It's normal that a club like Barcelona need more than one top-level goalkeeper.''' ,'''I don't watch goalkeepers, to be honest.''' ,'''Every position is difficult, but you're always involved in the biggest chances of the opponent; when there's a goal, you're always involved. It's difficult to explain, but this is the importance of the goalkeeper: he's always concentrated, even if he's not running as much as other players. He always needs to be focused.''' ,'''It is not my decision who plays in La Liga, the Champions League, or the Copa. In any case, I just do the best possible in each training session and in each game to be able to get a chance in La Liga.''' ,'''I wanted to improve. I think I have done that as a person, too, and that will help me in my life.''' ,'''I'd be proud to be one of Barcelona's captains, but for me, it's not that important.''' ,'''Coutinho's very calm, I think. He's very grounded and a good person.''' ,'''I am happy when I play.''' ,'''It would have been naive to believe that it's an easy job to become the undisputed No. 1 at Barcelona, but that's my target, and it's something I will tackle with all my ambition.''' ,'''I always wanted to play with both feet, so today I'm happy I trained it so often.''' ,'''Buffon is a hero for everyone who loves football.''' ,'''When I first began playing football, I was a striker.''' ,'''I am human, and of course I can make mistakes, even if nobody allows them.''' ,'''I don't want to attract attention because I open my mouth.''' ,'''As a footballer, you always want to get better personally. And if you get better personally, you make the team better.''' ,'''If you think two steps ahead, you forget what's important in the now.''' ,'''As a goalkeeper, if you make 10 world-class saves but then miss one shot, or you let in a pass, you're there in the highlights afterwards - and, let's be honest: that is what most people see.''' ,'''People from outside don't know how difficult it is to be goalkeeper.''' ,'''If you don't have the best player in the world in the team, it would be strange if you didn't notice the difference.''' ,'''No one can take away the experiences I have had.''' ,'''Of course my first goal is to save the balls. This is obviously the most important thing as a goalkeeper.''' ,'''The Champions League is always special. I believe every player, every fan, every coach wants this trophy. It is unbelievable, and it is one of the greatest achievements you can have in football.''' ,'''I have confidence in myself, which is vital to be a Barca keeper.''' ,'''I want to win titles.''' ,'''I had a lot of coaches and each of them advised me how to reach my goals.''' ,'''If I have the chance to be an important part for my colleagues or someone they can look at and say, 'He's doing good; he's motivated,' this is an objective I want to reach.''' ,'''Successful, for me, means being important for my team and, hopefully, for us to win a lot of trophies.''' ,'''Spending time with my family is very high-rated. It's what I really like to do on my holidays.''' ,'''If all goes well, I can play for many years at Barcelona.''' ,'''It is important to have the attitude and self confidence to be Barca's goalkeeper, and that I've got.''' ,'''Education has been really important for me.''' ,'''I do not decide who plays.''' ,'''I know the pressure of being Barcelona's goalkeeper, but I'm here to play my football and the football Barca want to play. I'm not afraid.''' ,'''There are always things we can improve on, but that is normal in football.''' ,'''The most important thing is not stagnating, to keep improving.''' ,'''We have to play football, not concentrate on other things.''' ,'''I began to play with both feet very early. So it is normal that I can play well with each of them.''' ,'''Basically, I have to say I like it that not all guys are the same in football; otherwise, it would be boring.''' ,'''Borussia are my old love, and that will remain so, but I identify with Barca 100 percent, and on the pitch, there is only one club for me.''' ,'''You can and must always keep improving and working on your game - not just your weaknesses but also your strengths.''' ,'''I want to be successful. That's what I want to be.''' ,'''To play for Barcelona will help me show my best qualities to the world.''' ,'''It is very important to be able to play with your feet, and deal with one-on-ones.''' ,'''If you start thinking about eventualities, you lose your focus, and you can soon forget about it.''' ,'''You can be as good as you want with your feet, but when you're making mistakes, the opinions will change immediately.''' ,'''You have so many modern goalkeepers, and they're all different. There's not just one type of modern goalkeeper.''' ,'''It is difficult for me to accept that I only sit on the bench in the league.''' ,'''I obviously intend to play at a high level to show the boss that I can play more.''' ,'''The truth is that I have full belief in myself.''' ,'''I'm being called 'Messi with gloves?' I think he's had a great level over many years. You shouldn't compare yourself with that.''' ,'''Barcelona want to be at their best in every match.''' ,'''At the beginning, it is all about fun. I had a lot of fun. But then, when I was 10 years old, more or less, I had a coach who said that I had a strange running style. I was about to leave... I had a decision to take: if I leave or if I stay, but as a goalkeeper.''' ,'''Sometimes you have faced no shots during 90 minutes, and in minute 91, there is a shot. You always need to be focused, concentrated, and this is what makes you tired, being so focused.''' ,'''I had some different positions. At first, I was a forward, and then, step by step, I kept moving back, and now I'm here at the goal. This was my way.''' ,'''Sometimes journalists say that goalkeepers can do a little more when they play against Messi, but I see it in every training: it does not matter where you place yourself; he's going to shoot to the other side.''' ,'''I loved scoring goals. I played to score goals. It's what made me happy.''' ,'''Ibrahimovic is one of the best players in the world.''' ,]
+++