+++
author = "Chuck Hagel"
title = "Chuck Hagel Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Chuck Hagel Quotes"
keywords = "chuck hagel,chuck hagel quotes,chuck hagel quote,chuck hagel sayings,chuck hagel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Engagement is not appeasement. Engagement is not surrender.''' ,'''The Israeli people must be free to live in peace and security.''' ,'''We live in a world where there are dangerous people, there are bad people.''' ,'''Peace comes through dealing with people. Peace doesn't come at the end of a bayonet or the end of a gun.''' ,'''Nations, great nations have limitations. All nations have limitations. Even great powers have limitations.''' ,'''Bogging down large armies in historically complex, dangerous areas ends in disaster.''' ,'''Our alliances should be understood as a means to expand our influence, not as a constraint on our power. The expansion of democracy and freedom in the world should be a shared interest and value with all nations.''' ,'''Foreign policy is all about a universe of bad decisions, imperfect decisions; every situation is different. The dynamics, the atmospherics, the people, the pressures, the geopolitical realities shift.''' ,'''My overall worldview has never changed: that America has and must maintain the strongest military in the world, that we must lead the international community to confront threats and challenges together, and that we must use all tools of American power to protect our citizens and our interests.''' ,'''Institutions are imperfect. Governments surely are. People are.''' ,'''Imposing democracy through force is a roll of the dice.''' ,'''Alliances and international organizations should be understood as opportunities for leadership and a means to expand our influence, not as constraints on our power.''' ,'''Foreign policy will require a strategic agility that, whenever possible, gets ahead of problems, strengthens U.S. security and alliances, and promotes American interests and credibility.''' ,'''The United States can't impose democracies. We can't impose our will. The Russians found that out in Afghanistan.''' ,'''No border that touches Israel is always secure.''' ,'''I am fully supportive of 'open service' and committed to LGBT military families.''' ,'''The United Nations has a critical role to play in promoting stability, security, democracy, human rights, and economic development. The UN is as relevant today as at any time in its history, but it needs reform.''' ,'''Well, no American wants to in any way hurt our capabilities to national defense, but that doesn't mean an unlimited amount of money, and a blank check for anything they want at any time, for any purpose. Not at all.''' ,'''When you're dealing in situations that are uncontrollable and combustible, you try to stabilize the situation as quickly as you can and then work toward and work out toward democratic reform.''' ,'''Our foreign policy needs to support our energy, economic, defense and domestic policies. It all falls within the arch of national interest. There will be windows of opportunity, but they will open and close quickly.''' ,'''Well, Mr Obama inherited probably the biggest inventory of problems, certainly foreign policy problems, than any American president ever has. I think the entire inventory of problems that he inherited is probably as big overall as any president, certainly since Franklin Roosevelt and maybe, in some cases, worse.''' ,'''Well, let's go back to the original intent of Social Security. It is an insurance contract.''' ,'''I have said many times that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism.''' ,'''Too often in Washington we tend to see foreign policy as an abstraction, with little understanding of what we are committing our country to: the complications and consequences of endeavors.''' ,'''People are not trying to get into China, they're trying to get out of China. The United States is the only great country where people are trying to get into to this country for obvious reasons.''' ,'''No one individual vote, no one individual quote or no one individual statement defines me, my beliefs, or my record.''' ,'''I'm not saying my idea is the one and only idea. We should have other ideas, but the president has not laid down a specific plan as to how he's going to get us to solvency. I do that.''' ,'''When I came to the Senate in 1997, the world was being redefined by forces no single country controlled or understood. The implosion of the Soviet Union and a historic diffusion of economic and geopolitical power created new influences and established new global power centers - and new threats.''' ,'''I would not trade America's position in the world - our ledger, our debts and assets - for any country in the world. There isn't a country in the world even close to America.''' ,'''You can't just drop the 82nd Airborne into Baghdad and it will all be over.''' ,'''I have never believed you go to war in Iraq, you go to war in Afghanistan, and believe that you can deal with those battlefields, those countries, in microcosms, or narrow channels.''' ,'''It is easy to get into war, not so easy to get out.''' ,'''I'm a supporter of Israel, always have been.''' ,]
+++