+++
author = "Shehnaaz Gill"
title = "Shehnaaz Gill Quotes"
quotes_len = "66"
description = "the best 66 Shehnaaz Gill Quotes"
keywords = "shehnaaz gill,shehnaaz gill quotes,shehnaaz gill quote,shehnaaz gill sayings,shehnaaz gill saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The audience can expect full-on entertainment from me.''' ,'''I want to make people of Punjab, my parents, and grandparents proud.''' ,'''I strongly believe in the saying that hard work always pays off.''' ,'''No matter how hard you try to act all sweet and nice, 'Bigg Boss' will bring out the real you.''' ,'''It's not difficult to lose weight if you really want to.''' ,'''I watch good content, and films that are educating about life, or other things. I also do all my housework myself and that's where my day goes.''' ,'''We all need to be safe first and if the Government has announced a lockdown, you know it is very serious.''' ,'''But my dream is to own a big house one day so that it has a personalised gym. Then I can work out.''' ,'''If I was a struggler, I would definitely have been married.''' ,'''My maturity level has increased, as earlier I was rather childish and was easily influenced by what others used to say, and I have changed myself a lot. Now, I understand things before doing anything and also, I used to say anything, but I think one should think carefully before speaking.''' ,'''It gives me great joy to visit the 'Bigg Boss' OTT house with Sidharth Shukla.''' ,'''English is English, no matter what accent you speak it in.''' ,'''After my first song in 2015, I had received a great response from audience, and directors always appreciated my work.''' ,'''I didn't want to come across as pricey.''' ,'''Who says I don't know how to speak in English? So what if it has a Punjabi touch?''' ,'''Prioritize your work, be clear with what you want to do in your life.''' ,'''A lot of people called me fake, but I always said what came to my mind.''' ,'''I have become worldly-wise and mature after participating in 'Bigg Boss.'''' ,'''I really had a great time shooting for Dabboo Ratnani. He is such an experienced photographer and works in perfection.''' ,'''In my opinion, unique personality makes for a desirable trait.''' ,'''Every day, I ate just one or two things. I wouldn't stuff too much variety in my daily consumption of food. For example, if I ate dal and moong for lunch, I would eat the same for dinner.''' ,'''Of course, there is no denying that I, too, have made mistakes, intentionally and unintentionally, but the good part is that now I know the difference between good and bad.''' ,'''I have moong for breakfast with tea, and dal, chawal and sabzi for lunch. For dinner, I just have milk.''' ,'''Every budding actor should constantly focus on acquiring his/her skills rather than getting disappointed.''' ,'''A large amount of work has come to a standstill all around, so I thought why not just go for weight loss?''' ,'''Now I don't have any wishes except Bollywood.''' ,'''People do not realise that if they say something negative about someone, it turns into positivity for the person they are speaking badly about because they get sympathy.''' ,'''You can say that I cut off on my non-vegetarian food, chocolates and ice cream and nothing else.''' ,'''It's not easy to look away from negativity, but I try to not focus on it.''' ,'''If I find someone who is suitable, then I will definitely take the relationship ahead, but no one can force me to get married.''' ,'''It's better to not prove yourself to anyone. Rather, focus on your work and prove yourself with your work.''' ,'''I never stopped and worked so hard to get the fame and money I deserved.''' ,'''I started slow in life and made many mistakes but I have learnt from them.''' ,'''I want everyone to whistle when I come on screen. However, even if that doesn't happen, I hope people like my work.''' ,'''One should have humanity and should know what to speak and how to behave, and our lifestyle should be good.''' ,'''I was Punjab's Katrina Kaif, wasn't I?''' ,'''I want to be a playback singer and make my name big.''' ,'''I am working hard and I will get married when I feel like it.''' ,'''I feel good when people get motivated due to me.''' ,'''Qualities like being considerate, loyal, caring, protective and honest are what attract me in a man and I find such men desirable.''' ,'''First, everyone hits on Sidharth Shukla. I've seen it. He is the complete package. But this is also a problem. The girls don't leave him alone.''' ,'''I have worked in Punjabi films and now it's time to rock Bollywood.''' ,'''I want to stay away from controversies.''' ,'''The only secret behind why SidNaaz is still a thing is because it is genuine. We shared a pure relationship. I think people connect to that. The way he adored and showered love on me, I really felt nice about it. We both had same sort of feelings for each other. It was very cute.''' ,''''Bigg Boss' has given me a lot. A new identity, emotional bonds and a person who I can go to as a friend.''' ,'''Why should I miss anything? The whole world is missing me.''' ,'''I am on 'Bigg Boss' only because it can open doors to the Hindi film industry for me.''' ,'''As an actress, I always wanted to become a versatile actor who can play any role or part.''' ,'''I am learning English and even try to talk in English with people. I don't care if people are laughing at me. I always look at the Internet for the correct pronunciation and play word games.''' ,'''I feel people are not real in reality shows and can use emotions as a pawn.''' ,'''I finished 'Bigg Boss.' Why should I go on the show again? What is the need for it? If I have to go in the 'Bigg Boss' house, I will go as a guest, exchange pleasantries and leave.''' ,'''I can't work out in front of so many people, that's why I don't go to gym.''' ,'''It was my dream to work with Badshah and Diljit from the Punjabi industry. I had asked for these two wishes from God and both have been fulfilled.''' ,'''It's best to love yourself. Only then can you love anyone else.''' ,'''The most desirable man in my opinion is Sidharth Shukla and among women, I think of myself as being desirable.''' ,'''There is so much to do inside the house, make creative videos, cook, exercise, act.''' ,'''While 'Bigg Boss' was my dream, my heart wasn't in 'Mujhse Shaadi Karoge.'''' ,'''I am a girl who enjoys attention.''' ,'''I have improved myself. I am not the same Sana as 'Bigg Boss.'''' ,'''I don't believe in comparing myself with anyone else, as that leads to hatred and jealousy.''' ,'''I'd say, whatever happens, happens for good and that is what happened with me, loads of good.''' ,'''People say that I got into 'Bigg Boss' because of controversies, but I don't care.''' ,'''Yes, I feel doing 'Mujhse Shaadi Karoge' was a big mistake.''' ,'''I wanted people to see my different side and so I decided to lose weight.''' ,'''You soon get into a habit of eating less and that's the key to shed the extra weight.''' ,'''If I was hungry for two rotis, I ate only one.''' ,]
+++