+++
author = "Zoe Ball"
title = "Zoe Ball Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Zoe Ball Quotes"
keywords = "zoe ball,zoe ball quotes,zoe ball quote,zoe ball sayings,zoe ball saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Laura Marling is Joni Mitchell-level for me.''' ,'''Brighton is such a good place to bring up kids.''' ,'''To be given the Radio 1 breakfast show was huge, but I was partying so hard I barely remember it.''' ,'''I wished they did more things like 'How' and 'Tomorrow's World.' Programmes about how things work.''' ,'''My best characteristic is that I don't take things too seriously. And my worst characteristic is the same one. There are times when my family wants me to take things seriously and I'll be mucking about. So I'm aware it's annoying for everyone else.''' ,'''Yes, this a disease, and men suffering with depression need help. It takes the right person to break through to someone who has been brave enough to reach out.''' ,'''I remember Will Smith and me seeing who had the most sticky-out ears.''' ,'''The worst thing was being in the car and hearing someone else do your show. Three records in, 'She's still not here.' Four records in, 'She's still not here.'''' ,'''I have a really large family, so we have three big Christmas celebrations. This involves intense diary planning, compromising between the families - and serious food shopping.''' ,'''I think it's so isolating to be trapped in your mind like that, when you doubt yourself, you doubt everything you've ever known. You doubt your family love you. You doubt your friends care for you.''' ,'''I was almost arrested in Camden in the 90s.''' ,'''There was a time when I found looking back to the 90s a little bit... tricky.''' ,'''A stick of celery doesn't do it for me.''' ,'''You just have to be you.''' ,'''When you get older and have kids your body changes, and you try to accept it.''' ,'''Love fills your heart and breaks your heart; it's so unpredictable, you don't know where it's going to come from.''' ,'''It is kind of a strange thing when you face things in your life, you know like addictions, that often you will find that you will deal with it a little bit but then you will slip back into old ways.''' ,'''I'm a terrible late-night snacker.''' ,'''I pride myself on buying really good presents.''' ,'''Great gifts include warm pyjamas, bedsocks, scarves and blankets.''' ,'''In a way, I got away with a lot because a lot of our partying was done behind closed doors. But I don't ever want to be that person again, who embarrasses my family with my behaviour.''' ,'''You know, I look at my kids or my friends and think 'I couldn't love you any more.' And then I do.''' ,'''I don't have regrets, life is too short. You have to think about the positives and move forward.''' ,'''I've always felt all the jobs I've ever got are on merit.''' ,'''Whatever has gone on in the week, 'Gardeners' World' marks the end of it.''' ,'''Everything seems to taste better when you aren't allowed it yet.''' ,'''I wish I was slimmer, but cheesecake, crumble and custard, panna cotta... I love 'em all!''' ,'''Mental health resources are under huge pressure and there are a lot of people who are not necessarily getting the support they need in time.''' ,'''My love for the Bee Gees and their disco vibes is huge.''' ,'''I just wanted to be a performer. I was ambitious. I couldn't sing and I couldn't act. I could dance a little. So what was there left for me to do? Television presenter. That was it.''' ,'''I was one of those kids who ate everyone's school dinners. They used to call me 'Pig of The Year.'''' ,'''It's great fun to try to entertain.''' ,'''There is no greater joy than watching your children grow, learn and laugh.''' ,'''My family love Khruangbin's faraway soundscapes.''' ,'''As for Lady GaGa, she's just a copy of Madonna.''' ,'''It's not saving the world or anything but I still get such a rush from live television.''' ,'''I would be more slender if I didn't eat a bit of chocolate or a cake now and again, but I'm not one of those crazy women who just eat watercress soup - I need to chomp.''' ,'''On most sets, the crew always seem to have some delicious tempting treats nearby - I find that if I've got a packet of almonds around, a handful is a great snack - I'm now offering them to everyone!''' ,'''For a long time I genuinely thought I'd be the next Streisand, so it was crushing to discover that I couldn't sing or act.''' ,'''I've ridden shopping bikes. My dad held my saddle and pushed me along when I was five. I've had a go on a BMX.''' ,'''I always eat after a show and I love a big fry-up.''' ,'''You give a little love and it all comes back to you.''' ,'''I was a really camp child! In the 70s, an age of all these amazing musical subcultures, I was sitting in my living room singing to my dad's Streisand records.''' ,'''I do think, of course, that women and men should be paid the same.''' ,'''The kids are always so passionate. I feel like they are our protectors. They care so much about recycling and climate change.''' ,'''I love a good cup of tea and you can never have too many mugs. Even better if it's homemade pottery, inspired by 'The Great Pottery Throw Down.'''' ,'''I use this little trick where I take my arms up above my head, breathe in really slowly, and repeat. I do it before every show, TV or radio, and people always laugh at me. But it really helps.''' ,'''It's a funny age, 40, you do suddenly feel a lot older.''' ,'''My twenties were amazing. My thirties were all highs and lows.''' ,'''When my brother and I were small, somebody pointed out that we looked like something out of 'The Dark Crystal.' I think it was affectionate, but I've never been an oil painting.''' ,'''Age is just a number and beauty is within.''' ,'''Someone taught me this really lovely thing, which is when you're panicking or thinking, 'I can't do this, I can't do this,' you just say, 'Right. Hi, negative thoughts. Stop bothering me. If you just wait there, I'm going to do this job, then I'll come back and talk to you later.'''' ,'''I generally buy things for people that I'd love to receive myself - so I have plenty of time to curate my own wish list while I shop.''' ,'''It's really important that we look after our libraries.''' ,'''Everyone has a breaking point.''' ,'''To me, 'Transparent' is one of the best family dramas since 'The Sopranos.'''' ,'''I'm such a different person to the one I was at Radio 1... and I like to think that women are treated slightly differently to back then.''' ,'''I'm such a Beeb girl, they've always been great to me. I've worked at ITV and Channel 4, but the BBC has always felt like home.''' ,'''I only ever wanted to be Barbra Streisand.''' ,'''When you grow up as a woman, there is that confusion where you think, 'I need to be this or that to fit in.' Now, I'm very much like, 'No, this is what I am.'''' ,'''I think the ladette culture was a label thing, and it was the nineties and it was Britpop and it was quite wild.''' ,'''I only have vague memories of the Radio 1 days because it was quite a time.''' ,'''What I've always done in my past when life hit a rocky patch was run from trouble into the next relationship. I didn't realise it would be such a big deal. That was foolish.''' ,'''A lot of men I have spoken to have said it's very confusing being a modern man. You want to be sensitive but also strong. You can't win. It's really hard trying to be both.''' ,'''Erm, you know, honestly, I've never done what I do because of the money.''' ,'''The second time I was pregnant friends would give me rubber bands to gnaw, because the first time, I had chewed things like a rubber bit that fell off the dishwasher. I remember driving once in the rain and the smell of my rubber-soled shoes in the damp caused me to pull over and start chomping on the rubber mat.''' ,'''When I moved to Manchester, to work as a runner for Granada, I shared with a researcher called Vicky who took pity on my inability to cook and made me meals for three years. Put in charge of cookery on a live kids' show I'd buy cookies from a shop to show as 'ones we made earlier.'''' ,'''I remember seeing Norman Cook swimming in a pair of burgundy pants. I thought: 'Wow, he looks great.'''' ,'''I've seen friends get together with someone who's not single, and thought, 'God, don't' - but then it has worked out. Equally, I've seen friends go through terrible times, but still manage to stay together.''' ,'''I went to Manchester, didn't know anyone, got a job as a runner and worked my butt off. I got paid 60 quid a week, and lived above a pub.''' ,'''I don't think that sliding down a wall with a bottle of Sancerre in your hand at 6:30 in the morning is particularly attractive when you're approaching 40 and you've got a kid.''' ,'''I remember cream cheese in celery, with a sprinkling of paprika, served at my dad and stepmum's 'soirees' in the 70s, where people danced to Slade in long tartan dresses. I'd go down and eat the cheese cubes left over from cheese and pineapple on sticks, because guests would only eat the pineapple.''' ,'''I have worked for the BBC for a lot of my career and I kind of always did it for the love. People always go, 'Oooh, well that's nonsense,' but it isn't, I love my job, I love what I do.''' ,'''It's so hard to sit and watch someone you love and care for struggle with mental health.''' ,'''I've listened to Terry Wogan since I was a girl; my parents listened to David Jacobs and Desmond Carrington.''' ,'''I think in a way that's part of getting older, appreciating the simple pleasures of being in the garden.''' ,'''I ate 18 spam fritters in one sitting at Farnham Common junior school in some sort of popularity contest.''' ,'''I have a terrible fear of more talented people than me thinking I'm just a prat who does kids' TV.''' ,'''I know I'm not everyone's taste and that's fine, and that is the beauty of digital and radio that you can find what you want to listen to.''' ,'''When I look at my face, I notice terrible smoker's lines above my lip and nasty sun damage in the middle of my cheeks.''' ,'''I didn't see my mum Julia for a few years - she was very young when she married my dad and had me, and when they parted I lived with my dad and my other 'mum,' his wife Diane.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong, there are good presenters. There's Graham Norton and Johnny Vaughan and Sara Cox.''' ,'''Love just keeps on coming.''' ,'''I was given a lot of opportunities when I was younger that I kind of threw away.''' ,'''I wanted to look like Kelly McGillis in 'Top Gun.'''' ,'''It's taken me a long time to grow up.''' ,'''It's bloody tough, bloody painful, trying to get sober on your own.''' ,'''On a Friday night, I switch on my log burner, stick on 'Gardeners' World' and I am so happy.''' ,'''There is such a thing as too much fun.''' ,'''I think something that's really important to share, having spoken now to lots of people who work within mental health support networks or people trying to make a difference, is that there is hope. There is help available.''' ,'''I've never liked Madonna, she's nauseating.''' ,'''You can't be the perfect parent.''' ,'''I think it is only when you marry and become a parent that you begin to understand that life isn't always straightforward.''' ,'''Any other illness and you have time off work, but there is a lot of stigma around mental illness. It's frightening to talk about it. The people suffering don't want sympathy.''' ,'''My advice to young girls would be, don't get on a sun bed and don't smoke - it wrecks your skin.''' ,'''To feel love is the most incredible feeling in the world. To lose it will nearly end you and take you to your knees, but there's always more.''' ,'''In my middle age I seem to love a bit of pastoral telly: 'Countryfile,' 'Springwatch.' I love watching people in nature. It's a moment of calm, it's a moment of meditation.''' ,'''I was lucky enough to go to rehab.''' ,'''Nincompoop is such a brilliantly satisfying word.''' ,'''I take a lot of trains, so I love reading on the train. I get really annoyed when there are no delays, because I just want to keep reading and finish my book.''' ,]
+++