+++
author = "J Mascis"
title = "J Mascis Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 J Mascis Quotes"
keywords = "j mascis,j mascis quotes,j mascis quote,j mascis sayings,j mascis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always worn earplugs, but I'm sure my hearing's not great.''' ,'''I've never liked rehearsing too much.''' ,'''It's harder to play drums than guitar, physically. I'm always kind of on the edge. I guess that's how I play everything: on the edge of my ability.''' ,'''I play a Fender Jazzmaster and three stacks and a combo, two old Marshall Plexis and a Hiwatt combo and a Hiwatt combo with Marshall cabs.''' ,'''You might as well play at the show everyone else is playing at.''' ,'''I have a couple of gold teeth. I had braces for a year but I didn't wear the retainer.''' ,'''When I play a solo I'm just expressing that moment. It can go horribly wrong easily enough.''' ,'''All labels are offensive in some way.''' ,'''I enjoy having some boundaries to work within. That's why I generally don't like alternate tunings and stuff like that. I like the boundaries of regular tunings.''' ,'''I was just reading about Paul Simon in 'Uncut', and it was fascinating. I never think about him much or think about his music or anything, but it's interesting to hear his ideas on stuff.''' ,'''People have to do what they want to do.''' ,'''Generally my songs are just some riffs slung together as an excuse for a guitar solo.''' ,'''Usually I like to have them, but going drum-less pushes everything in a new direction and makes it easier to keep things sounding different.''' ,'''I prefer cynical people. Nice guys grow on trees.''' ,'''Yeah, you know, I'm always into cassette. At least they seem to be the longest-lasting medium we used to have. I don't play cassettes much anymore, but I play records all the time.''' ,''''No Bones' has some reverb that I kick around.''' ,'''It's good to have certain restrictions sometimes, but it's definitely more fun to play really loud, with distortion.''' ,]
+++