+++
author = "Ashley Nell Tipton"
title = "Ashley Nell Tipton Quotes"
quotes_len = "70"
description = "the best 70 Ashley Nell Tipton Quotes"
keywords = "ashley nell tipton,ashley nell tipton quotes,ashley nell tipton quote,ashley nell tipton sayings,ashley nell tipton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always travel with a fun skirt, a go-to dress you can dress up or down; walking heels & flats are a must.''' ,'''I feel like there's not enough clothing out there to show our personality and just to be comfortable and to be fashion-forward and to be a trendsetter. There are a lot of clothes out there for the straight-size woman to be able to show that, but in the plus-size industry, I don't feel like it's there just yet.''' ,'''I follow a lot of the plus-sized bloggers.''' ,'''Me showing my emotions... it's not a sign of weakness; it's a sign of passion.''' ,'''The wear time on clothing for plus-sized women is half the life span of a straight-sized woman's clothing. Straight-sized women's bras can last them three, six months? Our bras don't last as long as a straight-sized woman's bras normally do because we have more movement; we have more weight.''' ,'''I love to design clothing that is not out there for your average plus-size woman, and I want to fill in the gap of that industry and not design cookie-cutter things.''' ,'''Social media is an influence but with my own twist!''' ,'''When people told me that I couldn't do something, I wanted to always prove them wrong. That comes a lot from people always bullying me because of my size and not thinking that I could do anything to impact the world or inspire other people.''' ,'''It's a constant battle being a plus-size designer.''' ,'''I love color, and I'm very inspired by curvy women and helping them feel good in their clothes.''' ,'''I partnered with Working Wardrobes because I wanted to be part of an organization that lifts people's spirits.''' ,'''Beauty and fashion is not pain!''' ,'''I want to wear things that make me feel good.''' ,'''I originally thought I would be going into wedding dresses. I wanted to create gowns, especially for weddings. I liked the idea of dealing with just one color, and within that, you could design whatever you want.''' ,'''I like to design funky things, and I love to mix prints and patterns together.''' ,'''I can believe in myself, and I feel like I'm such a strong and talented designer.''' ,'''I'm never going to limit myself.''' ,'''I feel like people in the industry are scared to take that chance because it's not easy to design plus-size clothing.''' ,'''It's amazing to be able to embrace young talent.''' ,'''I had a hard time with bullying in school, so being creative was my outlet.''' ,'''Going into the hospital for something that was caused by just being overweight really struck a nerve. I didn't ever want to be in that pain again or have another scare like that. I was like, I really need to figure out what I can do to lose weight and get healthier.''' ,'''Being dyslexic, creativity was my way of expressing myself.''' ,'''Weight loss surgery isn't going to make you lose weight; it's a tool to help you lose weight. Half of it is the surgery, and half of it is you eating what you're supposed to eat and exercising.''' ,'''Be bold and wear things you like. If you want to wear a cropped top, do it!''' ,'''It was really important for me to create fun and trendy pieces for the plus-size market.''' ,'''Everybody says black makes you look slimmer, but what about those other colors that also complement your skin tone or your figure and things like that?''' ,'''It's just an amazing feeling to know that I'm representing for every plus-size woman out there.''' ,'''I definitely want to go against the grain - break those rules and create clothing that is fun for women and shows their personality and just enjoy wearing it and being fashion-forward.''' ,'''I want to offer plus-size women the opportunity to wear fun colors and to avoid the pitfalls of only wearing black because many curvy girls think it is the only color that is slimming.''' ,'''Sky's the limit. I don't have a vision, because I want to do everything that I can.''' ,'''We should just all wear what we want.''' ,'''Widening a garment or making it larger is not understanding the real curves of a plus size women.''' ,'''Don't limit yourself to wearing a black dress because it's 'slimming.'''' ,'''Seeing that 'Project Runway' sign at the end of the runway just made me, like, realize, like, 'Wow, I'm on this show. I'm living every designer's dream right now.'''' ,'''I always try to manipulate the eye when I'm dressing myself or someone else. I don't have an hourglass figure, so I'm always trying to give the illusion that I have one; bringing the eye to the waistline by adding a belt or having a heavier print at the bottom or at the top helps define your shape.''' ,'''We, as plus-size women, want the jewelry to fit like it was meant for us. Not like, OK, we're just going to add a couple links here to make it fit wider necks. I want jewelry that complements us.''' ,'''I'm turning this industry around and making clothing that we've been wanting and needing.''' ,'''You can't continue to reflect on the past.''' ,'''I'm super excited to be collaborating with JCPenney to create my first-ever capsule collection for that plus-size woman who needs that confidence and wants to be fabulous every day.''' ,'''I'm representing for the plus-size community and the plus-size industry. It feels amazing to be able to be the voice that we need.''' ,'''It's going to take baby steps to see a complete turnaround. But there's been such a positive outcome from seeing it at Fashion Week. Plus-size fashion shows are being more welcomed into Fashion Week, and having more plus-size women in major magazines.''' ,'''I do feel like plus-size fashion is changing, but it's slowly changing. It's not growing as fast as we would all like.''' ,'''A lot of my inspiration is what straight-size women wear - why is there a disconnect from what they wear and what we can wear?''' ,'''I don't care what word you use: my job is to design clothing that is not out there for us.''' ,'''Once you feel good, you look good... that projects to everyone.''' ,'''I love to create clothing for the everyday woman. I get joy out of that because it's something that we need in this industry.''' ,'''I'm trying to put plus-size on the map. We can be fashion-forward.''' ,'''People need to work on what self-love is and redefining self-love... it comes from within: who you are and how you carry yourself in this world.''' ,'''I feel like, sometimes, plus-size women get scared to show skin... but summer is the time that we can enjoy doing that.''' ,'''It's nice to see how much the mainstream fashion community has been so accepting of it. It's very exciting to see that folks finally want to make plus-size mainstream.''' ,'''When companies are jumping on the bandwagon to do plus size, they limit themselves.''' ,'''It's so important for me to share my story and inspire other women to feel comfortable in their skin and to know that your size has zero impact on the goals you set for yourself.''' ,'''When I got into high school, that's when I stated dabbling in fashion design. I got involved in the theater department's costume design and started to think that maybe I'd major in fashion design.''' ,'''I'm a talented designer.''' ,'''I'm never afraid of pattern or texture.''' ,'''I think the hardest thing is to design for plus-size women. I enjoyed designing for straight-size because there's no limits. They can basically wear anything, and that's where I was able to have creative freedom with it.''' ,'''I love to sew. But when it's something that's being repetitive over and over and over again, it takes a toll.''' ,'''I have to constantly remind myself that no one is perfect and that this is my journey, and I have to be kind to myself.''' ,'''I'm talented, I know what I want, and I believe in myself, and I'm true to myself.''' ,'''I wasn't your normal plus-size girl who would dress in all black and hide in the shadows. I was very out there. But I was very shy and insecure about certain things.''' ,'''I get so many different types of people emailing me how much my story impacts them. Hearing that inspires me every day to keep going and going.''' ,'''I encourage women to wear color, wear stripes, wear sequins - just wear what makes you feel confident and strong. If it looks good and fits well, you'll look great and feel great, too.''' ,'''Working Wardrobes needs plus-size clothing donations to help women and men feel confident on their journey to finding a job. This is what we need in today's world - to lift people up - and Working Wardrobes is doing that.''' ,'''I'm not trying to get approval from anyone else. No one's approval matters to me - what matters is making myself happy for myself and no one else. And if I look good to someone else, I hope they take me as inspiration or whatever they want.''' ,'''I was seven years old when my grandmother stated teaching me to sew, and she always encouraged me to be creative.''' ,'''Bridal wear has always been a passion of mine.''' ,'''I went to multiple doctors to make sure that I'm taking the right anti-depression medication and make sure that my blood pressure's okay. I found out that my blood pressure wasn't okay and that I had a fatty liver. All these health risks were coming up.''' ,'''I don't have a problem showing my legs!''' ,'''Torrid was that company that I went to as a plus-sized kid. They're the ones that kind of got me out of my shell and gave me the confidence that I needed to experiment with my wardrobe, and they really inspired me to become a plus-size designer.''' ,'''I trust people until they give me a reason not to trust them.''' ,]
+++