+++
author = "Madlib"
title = "Madlib Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Madlib Quotes"
keywords = "madlib,madlib quotes,madlib quote,madlib sayings,madlib saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''At one point, I took a year off just to listen to music and really digest it. I listened to everything you could imagine.''' ,'''My whole thing is that I make music regardless. Regardless of everything around me, I'll always make music.''' ,'''I listen to a lot of different things. I'll be listening to prog rock, then the next couple of hours - Indian.''' ,'''Dudes I work with have to be like-minded to where I just hand them a beat that has a chorus and they can do with them what they gotta do. If they can't do that, I usually don't work with 'em.''' ,'''My pops had me at the studio since I was born. That's why I got into music. He would let me go up on the controls and mess with stuff.''' ,'''I've got about three or four rooms of records, and two rooms of instruments.''' ,'''I don't have beef with anybody.''' ,'''I'm quiet, so people might think I'm a mute.''' ,'''I made an electronic record in the vein of Cluster. I was programming synthesizers and drum machines and that sort of thing.''' ,'''I'm a man of few words.''' ,'''I do a few shows every year, but I'm mostly at home, making music. Day and night.''' ,'''I grew up on Public Enemy, which had a message with great music behind it.''' ,'''The equipment doesn't matter, it's the vibe you put into it. If the music sounds good, music sounds good.''' ,'''I'm a positive dude.''' ,'''Not anyone can rap to my beats.''' ,'''Some people think I'm crazy, but I'm just a normal dude that loves music.''' ,'''I don't do selfies.''' ,'''I'm a hermit, people rarely see me.''' ,'''Basically my whole life is music, that's all I do 24-7.''' ,'''I search for records that I've found on YouTube. If I can't get the record it doesn't matter to me, I'll bump the YouTube rip.''' ,'''As far as hip hop, I ain't even gonna front, it was 'Rapper's Delight.' That was the first thing I heard where I was like, 'Whoa.' You take that beat and do something over it. I started collecting records after that, old records.''' ,'''I like my space.''' ,'''I'm constantly buying records.''' ,'''I studied jazz at home with my grandparents. They always had jazz dudes at the house, but I didn't study formally. I just hung around a lot of musicians.''' ,'''I like white wine, Riesling.''' ,'''I used to memorize music when I was real young. Schoolwork, not so much. But music I could remember.''' ,'''Sometimes I will slow down the beat for one bar on purpose, just to see if the rapper can adapt his flow and stay on beat.''' ,'''I don't worry about collaborating. Whatever happens, happens.''' ,'''I guess I only work with versatile rappers, chameleons like Guilty Simpson, J Dilla, and Doom.''' ,'''As long as I'm living decent, then I'm cool.''' ,'''Embryo is one of my favorite groups ever.''' ,'''I'm all about the music.''' ,'''I'm usually bored with both gangsta rappers and underground ones, too.''' ,'''I'll always work with Stones Throw, but I'm trying to start my own label to release my old material and sign new artists. I want to do everything from rock, to jazz, to electronic, to noise records and movie sound tracks. Both sampled and original music.''' ,'''You have to work how you work.''' ,'''If I sample a song, I usually make samples out of the whole album. Then I move on after that. Doesn't mean I'm going to release that whole album, but I do that.''' ,'''I'll take two months off just to listen to records and not do any music so I can absorb all that and then when I go do my music. It's all in me. I'll listen to a different genre every two days or something, study it, 24 hours straight.''' ,'''I'm a jokester, man.''' ,'''Interviews are my least favorite thing to do.''' ,'''I think a lot of guys are influenced by 'Pinata.' I fathered a lot of styles off that album.''' ,'''I've always done music with so-called thug- or gangster-type lyricists. I've always been associated with that because I'm from the West Coast.''' ,'''As a kid, I was trying to copy what I heard. Namely, I was just listening to producers I looked up to, like 45 King and Marley Marl, and trying to do what they were doing.''' ,'''People only know me for what they've heard, but that only represents about 10 percent of what I've done.''' ,'''I love zebras.''' ,'''I try to challenge my ears. I get bored easily.''' ,'''I get bored with music so I try to listen to things in different types of genre to see what's possible.''' ,'''My computer? I never use a computer. It's too easy.''' ,'''If I'm really hyped to do something, I can do most of an album in a day.''' ,'''I don't like drama in my life, but I like reading about it.''' ,'''It's not easy to sound like Dilla, but you can make beats like Dilla with your computer, so that's why everybody sounds like Dilla.''' ,'''Dilla was a John Coltrane-type dude. He was always on a higher level. He inspired my music to become looser and more soulful.''' ,'''The iPad is the greatest thing as far as kids.''' ,'''I didn't want to put out 'The Unseen' because I thought I would be criticized. I thought everyone would think the sped-up vocals were a gimmick. I had to be convinced to put it out.''' ,'''I'm a laid back dude, I don't really get excited.''' ,'''Prince Paul's one of my teachers. He's always been one of my main inspirations as far as interludes go and getting a little quirky at times.''' ,'''I don't talk in front of people.''' ,'''There were a certain amount of people that were down with me, and we would just sit in the room and make music.''' ,'''My family brainwashed me, like I'm brainwashing my children. They brainwashed me with good taste.''' ,'''Dizzy Gillespie would come by, eating gumbo. It was crazy. My grandparents were friends with all of them. Dee Dee Bridgewater, all of them, they'd come through.''' ,'''I used to drink straight Hennessy, but I started drinking wine and champagne. It's easier to tour like that.''' ,'''Past, present, and future is where I'm at.''' ,'''I do it for myself and for like-minded people. Half the time I don't know why I make what I do. I'd do this if no one was listening. I'm stuck. I've got the curse.''' ,]
+++