+++
author = "Patricio Freire"
title = "Patricio Freire Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Patricio Freire Quotes"
keywords = "patricio freire,patricio freire quotes,patricio freire quote,patricio freire sayings,patricio freire saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a small guy slaying giants and I'll keep doing so.''' ,'''Bellator is the A-league.''' ,'''When the fight starts, I unleash the pitbull, and that works in any weight.''' ,'''Being in the UFC doesn't mean you're the best. UFC is tough too, but Bellator is tougher.''' ,'''I'll continue to face great challenges, stay on top for a long time, continue to evolve, and continue to prove with facts that I'm the best.''' ,'''I have to thank Pat Curran for a second war. It was one of the hardest fights of my life.''' ,'''They like to match giants against smaller guys in Japan, so I'd like to fight a heavier opponent. I'd like this type of fight, against a stronger opponent.''' ,'''Conor McGregor became a monster in the UFC, but he was already a star in other promotions.''' ,'''Portugal and Brazil have a history but we're brothers and sisters. They are very passionate people, especially about MMA - just as Brazilians are passionate about MMA.''' ,'''I've fought Wilson Reis and Pat Curran two times and Daniel Straus four times. I'm sick and tired of rematches. I'm one of the most exciting fighters in MMA, but fans are tired of me fighting the same people over and over. I just keep knocking them out.''' ,'''I want people to say the name Patricio when they talk about MMA and that God allows it to happen.''' ,'''No other featherweight has my hands.''' ,'''I've added more techniques to my game, going in and going out.''' ,'''I've already beat Henry Corrales, but he was a tough one.''' ,'''I know that UFC doesn't have the best fighters, especially in the lighter weight classes.''' ,'''Eventually, I want to beat everybody who has called me out.''' ,'''Sometimes I wanted to be the champion in multiple weight classes.''' ,'''If I always fought dominating my opponents without being hit back some times there would be no fun in it. That's the fun part, to have a war, there has to be a war.''' ,'''It will be hard for someone to come and beat me or Cejudo.''' ,'''Future belongs to God and we don't know what's gonna happen.''' ,'''I want to fight legends before I retire.''' ,'''McGregor isn't the best featherweight on the planet. The best in the world is Jose Aldo, alongside with me, and everyone knows that.''' ,'''I admired the tournament system because it brings some reality to the game. You had to beat everybody to get your title shot. It wasn't something random, you got there because you beat everybody else.''' ,'''What happens at McGregor's team is that they all talk like Conor McGregor but they don't do what he does. They try to do it. They gain notoriety by talking, and that's a mistake.''' ,'''I think the champion needs to be active make sure to have rhythm.''' ,'''I went up a weight class and took off the head of the greatest lightweight in history.''' ,'''There are doubters out there, and for the people in the media who refuse to recognize me or acknowledge what I have accomplished, I can't worry about it.''' ,'''There's no other featherweight in the world that is as complete as I am.''' ,'''Every company that wants to sponsor a fighter in the UFC has to pay a sponsor tax to get inside the Octagon, and that's why many fighters in the UFC struggle to get sponsors. In Bellator, we don't have that.''' ,'''My rivalry against Chandler - it was personal. On the same night he defeated my brother, he said he could beat my entire family. I made him pay for his words by knocking him out inside the cage in one minute.''' ,'''We are gladiators of the third millennium and Rome is the cradle of the gladiators.''' ,'''Khabib is very tough, has phenomenal wrestling and sambo, but he has a huge deficiency on the feet so I can catch him. Nothing is impossible.''' ,'''I think the tournament is maybe the most fair way to fight for a title because, basically, it's a ranking system. It's an elimination system, so you gotta go through the tournaments to face the champion.''' ,'''There's no one to beat Cejudo. He's too tough, man. That fight he lost to Benavidez, I don't think he lost that fight. It was tough, but he didn't lose that one. You can put anyone in there with him, he won't lose.''' ,'''I don't like cheaters, I fight clean.''' ,'''Many people are blind and only care about the UFC. That's the wrong way of thinking. The proof is Michael Chandler, coming from Bellator, having such a devastating victory in his UFC debut against a highly ranked opponent.''' ,'''If you see my ratings when I fight, you will see my ratings are well above average.''' ,'''I think of myself as the No. 1.''' ,'''I know Michael Chandler. I know his potential. He's very explosive.''' ,'''My biggest desire and everyone knows this is to have a cross-promotional fight between Bellator and UFC. That is unlikely to happen, though.''' ,'''When the title is on the line, you have to be smart and keep emotions out of it.''' ,'''Chandler has fought great jiu-jitsu guys before, like Benson Henderson and my brother. He's practically impossible to submit. Of course he can get caught, but I think that's very difficult. His wrestling is a great counter to the jiu-jitsu approach, it makes it very complicated for them.''' ,'''Volkanovski is good at things, but he is not great at anything. He doesn't have good footwork or striking, he doesn't finish anyone, and he stalls a lot.''' ,'''First of all, you have to work to prove how good you are.''' ,'''McGregor is a good fighter, has a flashy striking, but he's not good enough to beat Aldo.''' ,'''No one ever made me quit.''' ,'''I watch Straus' fights way before we fought for the first time. He's in constant evolution.''' ,'''Aldo has had a great run in the past, defended many titles against tough guys.''' ,'''I'd love to fight in Japan. I always dreamed about this when I was a kid and started watching PRIDE, so I would love to fight there.''' ,'''My left hook is the H-bomb of the Featherweight division.''' ,'''I have negative feelings towards Pat Curran, but I can't let it affect me during the fight. I won't use my anger during the fight. If he thinks he will make get emotional during the fight, he's dead wrong.''' ,'''Weichel hits very hard and is very good with the timing of his attacks.''' ,'''Emmanuel Sanchez and AJ McKee are side by side with Max Holloway. Everybody is the same level.''' ,'''It really doesn't matter who they bring in. I'll beat them all.''' ,'''Everyone saw my karate stance against Ben Henderson and Daniel Straus. I pretty much wasn't hit in those fights, and my attacks were almost 100 percent accurate.''' ,'''If it's possible to cheat, let everyone do it.''' ,'''I think a fight with Will Brooks would be nice.''' ,'''Bellator is a safe place to be, a company that cares about you.''' ,'''I think Jose Aldo is a great fighter, has a great history, no one can deny that, but many people think I should go to bantamweight because I'm too small, and instead I went to 155 to fight someone who came as a top contender in the UFC. I was beating Ben Henderson before getting injured. Aldo won't fight at 155 because he doesn't want to.''' ,'''When the fight goes to the ground, it doesn't take long until I finish it or come back up. Straus does that typical American game plan, that boring strategy with wrestling, taking you down and keeping you there, but this strategy won't work with me.''' ,'''It's not about the organization, it's about the fighter. So let's put everyone to fight so we are going to know who is the best. It's the next step for the sport. MMA deserves that and all the organizations and athletes deserve that.''' ,'''I'm very comfortable in Bellator. It would be interesting to have superfight between a Bellator champion and an UFC champion. I wouldn't have to necessarily migrate to the UFC. We could just have one duel. When it comes to the best fighters in the UFC, I think I'm better than all of them.''' ,'''I don't care about the titles. I care about the challenges.''' ,'''I know Primus is bigger than me, but Chandler's face was a mess when they fought. He was dropped with a jab. His chin is not that great.''' ,'''I already asked for an opportunity to fight at Glory, but I'd like to fight at Rizin more.''' ,'''If there's one thing I do well, it's rematches. I always come back better.''' ,'''I never had a belt handed to me as a gift.''' ,'''Pat Curran is a very tough guy to fight. He has a very good chin. I gave him five knockdowns and he survived.''' ,'''Some fighters don't like to have their opponents changed on short notice. It really is a complicated situation because you prepared for someone for months, for a fighting style, and then the fight is off, but it's part of the job. It's natural, that's why we train every aspect of MMA.''' ,'''There is a business side of things, but people want to see the best fighting the best.''' ,'''I think about fighting my brother being as natural as giving him a hug. We were basically born facing each other, so it would be something interesting. We'd put on the best fight we ever had. We know each other too well.''' ,'''Every fight I see as a big fight.''' ,'''The only way to know if a fighter is better than the other is to have them fight.''' ,'''I think McGregor is a super fighter, he has great striking, has gotten better with his wrestling, has good jiu-jitsu, and gets a bit tired after the first or second round. I have a strategy to beat him, and I think I would win. I won't say I'd knock him out or submit him, but I know for sure my hands would be raised in the end.''' ,'''I even have abdominal fat.''' ,'''It's almost impossible to take my right hand on the chin and keep standing, and I knew that.''' ,'''I always watched Kimbo Slice fight on YouTube, everybody knows who he is. He's very popular.''' ,'''Michael Chandler's performance in his UFC debut was great. His opponent was great, but it felt like he was mentally unprepared to face Michael Chandler. He crumbled to his pressure and movement early.''' ,'''In the UFC, they can simply cut you if you have one win and one loss.''' ,'''I have judo throws, punches, kicks, knees.''' ,'''Every time I fight, it's basically the same thing: beat and not be beaten.''' ,'''If I'm on a card, I should be the main event.''' ,'''There are several rivalries in MMA and vale tudo history, like jiu-jitsu vs. luta livre and Chute Boxe vs. Brazilian Top Team. SBG and Pitbull Brothers can start another one that can last a generation.''' ,'''I believe in the power of my hands.''' ,'''Ben Henderson is a unique challenge.''' ,'''I'm no doubt the best fighter in MMA. There's no doubt about that, and I have the mental ability now to go along with the skills I have always had.''' ,'''I hope to be remembered one day as one of the greatest, if not the greatest, fighter in MMA history.''' ,'''My domination is getting so strong that it's starting to become much clearer now who's the best featherweight, but I've been raising this debate for a long time.''' ,'''I eat really well, I don't go over 165 pounds anymore because I get fat.''' ,'''I've already beaten four to five generations of Bellator's best fighters.''' ,'''In 100 years, when you open the MMA history book, my name is the one that will be there.''' ,'''We need to go through tough fights to appreciate what we have so we are always looking to improve.''' ,'''I was Michael Chandler twice. I had to do his game twice. We've deciphered him, but he's still a very dangerous opponent. He's very strong with the takedowns, his knockout power is violent, but he's not a complete guy. He fights well, has good takedowns and heavy ground and pound, does well on the ground.''' ,'''I don't want the belt, I want Michael Chandler's head.''' ,'''I always tell Bellator that I'm available to fight any time.''' ,'''I wish MMA was like boxing with fighters from different organizations being able to fight each other. It would be more interesting for the sport, the sport would grow more, everyone would be able to fight everyone.''' ,'''I haven't been fighting scrubs. Ever since I began I fought the toughest guys that they could put in front of me.''' ,'''Chandler, just like myself, has spent most of his career in Bellator and he spent his entire time as a top fighter with people doubting his skills, his opponents and his results. He claimed he was No. 1. I relate to him.''' ,'''I'm in this sport since 2003, and I need rest.''' ,'''Big mouths can't do anything, you have to prove it in the cage.''' ,]
+++