+++
author = "Eric Lefkofsky"
title = "Eric Lefkofsky Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Eric Lefkofsky Quotes"
keywords = "eric lefkofsky,eric lefkofsky quotes,eric lefkofsky quote,eric lefkofsky sayings,eric lefkofsky saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The West coast money and the East coast money, in an ever-increasing manner, is finding its way to Chicago.''' ,'''I'm going to start a lot of companies. These are not sham companies. These are great businesses.''' ,'''I think there are four or five interesting pockets where a lot of cool technology companies are getting started. Chicago is one of them. New York is certainly another. Silicon Valley really dominates. And you're seeing some stuff out of Boston and Seattle and down South.''' ,'''My weeks tend to differ pretty dramatically.''' ,'''Any business that is looking for new customers needs to understand the Internet and how to market their goods or services through it.''' ,'''To me, no one has fully cracked the code on social recruiting yet.''' ,'''The big success stories - Facebook, Zynga and Twitter - are leading to investing in ideas on a napkin, because no one wants to miss out on the next big thing.''' ,'''Think about the way most companies currently hire. You post a job and then get blind resumes in response. This should be a social experience.''' ,'''I've been part of founding three companies that have gone public. It doesn't seem like a big number, but it's actually a lot.''' ,'''Studying doesn't have to happen in a silo. It can be a social experience. You can engage with your friends and family to find out the answer to a tough question or have someone explain it to you. You can also study anywhere you happen to be and on any device.''' ,'''I'm going to be in technology for a long time.''' ,]
+++