+++
author = "Roger Federer"
title = "Roger Federer Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Roger Federer Quotes"
keywords = "roger federer,roger federer quotes,roger federer quote,roger federer sayings,roger federer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can't stay No. 1 for fifty years, you know. We'll see what happens.''' ,'''Having twin girls is a life changer - that's for sure. But I like getting up and changing diapers. It's the things you do.''' ,'''Early in my career, I struggled with consistency, but I couldn't get more consistent than this year.''' ,'''My favorite shot is always gonna be the forehand. It used to always be my favorite shot when I was young, so it's the one I've won all the points with.''' ,'''When I think of the Olympics I only think of good things. I think of what a great event it is and what it has done for me and my career, and changed my personal life, too.''' ,'''I'm as patient a father as I am on the tennis court. It takes a lot for me to get really upset, but sometimes kids can get you really cross if they really keep bugging you.''' ,'''Sometimes I am a different character in different languages. I have different enjoyment from them. Sometimes different answers come out of me. Like, I didn't even know that about me. I get to know myself through different languages, actually.''' ,'''I did all the right things in so many tournaments. But like I said, sometimes in sports it just goes the other way. Maybe you've already won so much that it evens it out a bit sometimes. I don't know.''' ,'''I've always been aware that the image you patiently construct for an entire career can be ruined in a minute. It scares you a bit, but that's the way things are.''' ,'''I think it's very hard for coaches to work with me. They'll no doubt have a good CV afterwards, but at the same time they're under a lot of pressure.''' ,'''Clearly, when you win everything, it's fun. That doesn't necessarily mean you love the game more.''' ,'''I've done so many interviews over the years in so many different languages. Radios. Papers. Magazines. There's always another interview to do. It's quite something, I have to say.''' ,'''I don't mind fans coming up in a friendly, respectful way. That's all part of the fun of being a top tennis player. But if people take pictures without permission, particularly if my children are in the shot, I feel uncomfortable.''' ,'''When you do something best in life, you don't really want to give that up - and for me it's tennis.''' ,'''This year I guess I decided in the bigger matches to take it more to my opponent instead of waiting a bit more for the mistakes. Yeah, this is I guess how you want to win Wimbledon, is by going after your shots, believing you can do it, and that's what I was able to do today.''' ,'''I am extremely proud and honoured to have beaten Pete's record as he was my childhood hero and I have always looked up to him.''' ,'''My heart is in South Africa, through my mum. My mum being from here, me spending a lot of time here as well, I feel most connected to this part of the world.''' ,'''I don't need to come back to Wimbledon every year because I can't live without it. I'd be totally cool without tennis.''' ,'''Oh, my God, I don't think any player can look forward to or expect to a career of so many Grand Slam wins or title wins or being so long at the top of the game.''' ,'''I had set a goal with my team to try and get back to the top of the rankings, but I never thought with the depth in the game this year that I would have been able to get it back so quickly.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to accept that a guy played better on the day than you.''' ,'''I am now the Wimbledon champion, and I think that gives me even more confidence coming to the Olympics. And maybe in some ways, it maybe takes some pressure off the Olympics, because I already did win at Wimbledon this year.''' ,'''I feel a bit awkward playing in a red shirt out at Wimbledon. But I don't dislike it.''' ,'''Before, I guess, mum and dad were everything, but now, in my case, I had two new girls and all of a sudden they're completely dependent on you and there's a third generation. It's a funny shift all of a sudden. You have the babies, you have yourself and then you have your parents.''' ,'''To handle that stardom, the red carpets, the photo shoots, people all of a sudden recognizing you and following you in everyday life, it's a bit weird. It's strange, and it can have funny effects on you in terms of do you like it or don't you like it. Some people run away from it, some people embrace it; I found a good middle ground.''' ,'''Being a husband is for me as big a priority as being a father.''' ,'''You know, I don't only play for the record books.''' ,'''I used to get nervous, you know if my parents would come watch. And then I would get nervous if my friends came and watched. Today it's not a problem anymore actually, because now I enjoy it. I see that they, you know, respect me immensely, and I try to put on a good show and show that I can still play very good tennis.''' ,'''I enjoyed the position I was in as a tennis player. I was to blame when I lost. I was to blame when I won. And I really like that, because I played soccer a lot too, and I couldn't stand it when I had to blame it on the goalkeeper.''' ,'''When I won in 2003, never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I would win Wimbledon and have my kids seeing me lift the trophy, so this is pretty surreal. And yeah, I was almost shocked in the moment that it all came together so nicely.''' ,'''I have to fit holidays around tournaments, particularly the grand slams, in Melbourne, Paris, London and New York.''' ,'''I am a sucker for those old traditional places, and Rome is as good as it gets, particularly when you throw in Italian food.''' ,'''My dad said if you become a tennis professional just make sure you get into the top hundred, because you have to make a little bit of money. You make a living so you can pay your coaching and, you know, your travels.''' ,'''I have learnt to be even more patient.''' ,'''It doesn't need to be the same every day, doesn't need to be the same shower I use, the same restaurant I go to, the same hour I go to sleep. I've always been very flexible. I don't care if I practice at nine in the morning or 10 P.M.''' ,'''For me, it's important that a fan can buy something that is related to me. Like in soccer, you buy a shirt and it's got somebody's name on the back. That's kind of a cool thing.''' ,'''We can't always agree on everything.''' ,'''But so far I have the feeling that the chances are there to repeat last year's season.''' ,'''You always want to win. That is why you play tennis, because you love the sport and try to be the best you can at it.''' ,'''The serve, I think, is the most difficult, you know, in terms of coordination, because you got the two arms going, and you got to toss it up at the right time so.''' ,'''Obviously, matches and all that stuff takes its toll on your body and so forth. But as you get sort of a bit older, a bit wiser, and a bit more experienced, you know also how to handle it.''' ,'''The serve, I was too young and too small and... not enough powerful to have a good serve when I was young, so my forehand was always my signature shot. So I used to always run around my backhand, you know, use my forehand as much as I could, and so that's why I think it's my strength also today, you know.''' ,'''I'm a very positive thinker, and I think that is what helps me the most in difficult moments.''' ,'''What I think I've been able to do well over the years is play with pain, play with problems, play in all sorts of conditions.''' ,'''I always had the dream that, once I became No 1 in the world, that if I had a child I hoped I would have it early enough so the child can see me playing.''' ,]
+++