+++
author = "Omarosa Manigault Newman"
title = "Omarosa Manigault Newman Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Omarosa Manigault Newman Quotes"
keywords = "omarosa manigault newman,omarosa manigault newman quotes,omarosa manigault newman quote,omarosa manigault newman sayings,omarosa manigault newman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm pretty sure that the world doesn't know that I am a 'Big Brother' superfan.''' ,'''I check Trump every time he says something crazy. I told him to stop calling Elizabeth Warren 'Pocahontas.'''' ,'''I'm a huge UFC fan. I train. I do jiu-jitsu, taekwondo.''' ,'''Donald Trump talks about everyone behind their backs.''' ,'''It is an honor to serve your country, and if Mr. Trump called me to serve this great nation, I would proudly do whatever role he deems my talents are significant for.''' ,'''The one thing that I learned from politics is you have to know how to watch your own back - and in some instances, you gotta watch your front, too.''' ,'''No one can understand how close a marriage actually is. You just don't know: with a husband and wife, they have a special connection.''' ,'''I would not make the mistake of ever speaking for Mr. Trump, because he does so well with being candid and direct with the voters.''' ,'''I'm exceptional in everything that I do and I aspire to do.''' ,'''I got to sit in the inauguration of Bill Clinton, Bush, Obama, and when we got to the Trump inauguration and they said this was the largest crowd size, I'm like, 'Man, I've been to a lot of inaugurations; this wasn't the biggest crowd size.' But I didn't, you know, I didn't want to be the one to break it to him.''' ,'''I believe that we should keep the truth as a priority.''' ,'''Sometimes, you have to step back in order to have a clear view, and I recognize I was going down the wrong path with Trump.''' ,'''I knew I had to cover my back and document what I saw as an opportunity to kind of blow the whistle on a lot of the corruption going on in the White House, and I knew that I needed to document that corruption; otherwise, people would not take it seriously.''' ,'''If you see me in a fight with a bear, pray for the bear.''' ,'''I need to point out that African-Americans are not a monolith and do not operate in groupthink.''' ,'''Donald J. Trump is not only a racist but a misogynist and a bigot.''' ,'''All we need to remember is that Trump loves the hate. He thrives on criticism and insults. He delights in chaos and confusion. Taking to Twitter to call him names only fuels him and riles his base.''' ,'''You never want to be on the receiving end of Donald Trump being disappointed in you.''' ,'''I believe the first reason that Donald Trump is running for president is because he truly believes that he can help turn the nation around. The second reason I believe is that this is the greatest position in the world, to be at the center of political power, of the universe.''' ,'''Every time the Trump people challenge me, I bring the receipts.''' ,'''The only person I worry about pleasing is God, my husband, my family, and myself.''' ,'''Let me be crystal clear: I love doing television.''' ,'''I wanted to be a billionaire.''' ,'''What does not come across on paper for Donald Trump is how incredibly charismatic he is, his ability to connect with people. Because he has this bigger-than-life personality, you don't realize how personable he is.''' ,'''The White House that I worked in, that Trump administration, was - it was troubling. And it was very difficult.''' ,'''Sarah Huckabee stands in front of the country and lies every single day.''' ,'''Donald Trump was my friend for 15 years.''' ,'''I'm a die-hard Hillary Clinton supporter.''' ,'''Everything that you see in 'Unhinged' that's quoted can be verified as documented and corroborated.''' ,'''I am going to pray for Donald Trump. I'm going to pray that God gives him clarity, that God gives him the ability to impact people's lives positively.''' ,'''I grew up in poverty, so I thought, 'I want to be a billionaire one day. I'll go and work for Donald Trump. I'll go try to be on 'The Apprentice' and be successful.' But 15 years later, I never would imagine that he, as the president of the United States, would call me a low life.''' ,'''I am a reality TV legend. I am most famous for the first season of 'The Apprentice,' and then I had an opportunity to work in Washington in the Trump White House.''' ,'''In some ways, I was looking for a father figure, and I found that in Donald Trump.''' ,'''I will not be silenced. I will not be intimidated. I'm not going to be bullied by Donald Trump.''' ,'''I met Donald Trump in 2003 on a reality show. Could you ever imagine then that we would end up in the White House together?''' ,'''There are different facets to everyone. When you're at work, you're a different person. When you're with your friends, you're a different person.''' ,'''There's one way to shut Donald Trump down, and that is don't give him the oxygen. And the oxygen comes from the clicks, the 'likes,' the shock, discussions.''' ,'''I'd like to believe that 'The Apprentice' was a big hit because I was such a superstar in the first season.''' ,'''I focused my mind and energies on short-term Trump problems, which allowed me to avoid thinking about my own long-term Trump problem of having given him the benefit of the doubt for more than a decade, despite having many reasons not to.''' ,'''As Donald says, I am his Valerie Jarrett.''' ,'''Everything that we say has consequences. I mean, words matter.''' ,'''It was important for me to join the White House because as I looked around Trump's inner circle and campaign, there were not a lot of African-Americans, particularly African-American women, uniquely positioned to serve as a member of the senior staff, to serve as an assistant to the president.''' ,'''Donald Trump was sharp; he was very perceptive. He was engaging. He had this expansive vocabulary, and he very seldom took breaks.''' ,'''The moment I decided to blow the whistle on a lot of the corruption going on in the White House, there are protections that are afforded to me.''' ,'''I want to see this nation united as opposed to divided. I don't want to see a race war as Donald Trump does.''' ,'''I'm not a doctor. I can only assess that Donald Trump that I knew in 2003 and the Donald Trump that I knew in 2017. And he is not the same man.''' ,'''Every critic, every detractor, will have to bow down to President Trump. It's everyone who's ever doubted Donald, who's ever disagreed, whoever challenged him. It is the ultimate revenge to become the most powerful man in the universe.''' ,]
+++