+++
author = "Manoj Tiwari"
title = "Manoj Tiwari Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Manoj Tiwari Quotes"
keywords = "manoj tiwari,manoj tiwari quotes,manoj tiwari quote,manoj tiwari sayings,manoj tiwari saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It is Arvind Kejriwal who believes in the politics of divide and rule.''' ,'''When you are not in power for 20 years and several leaders are in the race, it is tough to put forth one face. The most important things are our policies and principles.''' ,'''Ram Mandir is important to me because in a country where Christians, Muslims, Buddhists, Jains are allowed to practice their faith anywhere, why should people from the majority have to yearn for a Ram temple?''' ,'''In 2015, Arvind Kejriwal was not tested. But in 2020, he has been tested and he has failed.''' ,'''Delhi is bleeding, while the government spends money on ads.''' ,'''Every government has a fixed budget and demands of all sectors have to be fulfilled in that amount.''' ,'''Farmers were 'unable to develop their landholdings due to many restrictions. We passed the land pooling policy so they can plan to build infrastructure - with the help of private builders too.''' ,'''I am working as BJP President in Delhi. I earn money by singing, acting, dancing etc. I have a brand value.''' ,'''The challenge is to reach out to everyone, 'especially those who have fallen for fake news and 'misleading advertisements. This government, for 56 months, misled the people by saying Modi didn't let them work.''' ,'''When you can use forged photograph of Manoj Tiwari then all your claims are false. The whole party and their thinking is fake.''' ,'''Illegal migrants, who have entered our country crossing the border, have to go back. But citizens of our nation living in Assam need not worry.''' ,'''Beijing has shown how to tackle air pollution by using smog towers.''' ,'''Everything in Delhi is messed up. People are forced to buy bottled water as clean drinking water is not available.''' ,]
+++