+++
author = "Lisa Jakub"
title = "Lisa Jakub Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Lisa Jakub Quotes"
keywords = "lisa jakub,lisa jakub quotes,lisa jakub quote,lisa jakub sayings,lisa jakub saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What was really wonderful about the 'Doubtfire' shoot is that we had this really long rehearsal period in the beginning. That was a great time to get to know each other. We got to know each other and to create the family vibe. So we really didn't have to force it.''' ,'''So many people pass up older dogs, which is a shame. With an older dog, you know what you are getting.''' ,'''You never know how much time you have with someone.''' ,'''It's estimated that 16 million people in the U.S. have struggled with depression - and I include myself in that statistic. It's real, and it's not shameful, and there is help available. You can bring it to the light, you can tell the truth, you can go to a meeting, you can reach out to a friend. None of us are alone.''' ,'''When I was 14 years old, I went on location to film 'Mrs. Doubtfire' for five months, and my high school was not happy. My job meant an increased workload for teachers, and they were not equipped to handle a 'non-traditional' student. So, during filming, they kicked me out.''' ,'''After an 18-year career, I left the film industry, not wanting to become one of those child-actor cautionary tales.''' ,'''If you have someone in your life that you are grateful for - someone to whom you want to write another heartfelt, slanted, misspelled thank you note - do it. Tell them they made you feel loved and supported. That they made you feel like you belonged somewhere and that you were not a freak. Tell them all of that. Tell them today.''' ,'''My memoir is being published by Beaufort Books and will be available fall of 2015. It's about my unusual life as a child actor and how I made the unpopular choice to leave Hollywood, grow up, and stop pretending.''' ,'''My memoir is about my time in film and the decision to leave Hollywood, grow up, and stop pretending.''' ,'''Hello, my name is Lisa Jakub. But most people in a restaurant/dentist's office/yoga studio dressing room, call me 'Hey, you look like that girl from 'Mrs. Doubtfire'/'Independence Day'/'Rambling Rose.' There is a good reason for that. I am that girl. More accurately, I was that girl.''' ,]
+++