+++
author = "Gene Weingarten"
title = "Gene Weingarten Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Gene Weingarten Quotes"
keywords = "gene weingarten,gene weingarten quotes,gene weingarten quote,gene weingarten sayings,gene weingarten saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When she was too young to resist, or even to understand, I turned my daughter into a lifelong, rabid Yankees fan.''' ,'''When you are interviewing someone, don't just write down what he says. Ask yourself: Does this guy remind you of someone? What does the room feel like? Notice smells, voice inflection, neighborhoods you pass through. Be a cinematographer.''' ,'''I am the most skilled parallel parker the world has ever known.''' ,'''I felt like I was never going to be a great writer. I felt like I was going to be a good writer at best. I wanted to be great at something.''' ,'''For $60, I once bought a neck massage at a 'massage parlor' that advertised in 'The Washington Post.'''' ,'''The Pulitzer is a crapshoot. Your piece has to hit a few people the right way at the right moment.''' ,'''While it is true that many hep C victims became infected through blood transfusions or organ transplants or in other innocent ways, mine was contracted during my college years, when I showed as much care for my personal health as your average suicide bomber.''' ,'''I have two favorites: Reading Kierkegaard while listening to Mozart's Piano Concerto 9 in E Flat Major, and reading early Bazooka Joe comics in Hebrew.''' ,'''Because I live and work in Washington, D.C., I have a ringside seat at the world capital of The Persuasive Arts, or, as I like to call it, The Opinions Racket.''' ,'''Sometimes, homely things are done for the best reasons in the world and thus achieve a beauty of their own.''' ,'''The whole point of corporate mascots is to be distinctive. No one in his right mind would ever confuse the Hamburglar with Mayor McCheese.''' ,]
+++