+++
author = "Trey Burke"
title = "Trey Burke Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Trey Burke Quotes"
keywords = "trey burke,trey burke quotes,trey burke quote,trey burke sayings,trey burke saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are leaders vocally, and there are leaders by example. I think I'm starting to become better at being a leader vocally, just talking on the court.''' ,'''I knew the Big Ten was one of the best conferences in the country. Every night you're up against pros. It's just so competitive. You can get beat by any team. That's really what I like about the Big Ten.''' ,'''There's a DVD called 'The Secret.' It's like visualization and meditation, certain methods I use before games, visualizing the games before they happen.''' ,'''I think college prepared me at a really high level. High school, you can take some plays off on the defensive end. Not on purpose, but if your man gets tired, you can rest a little bit. But once you get to college, and especially in the NBA, you can't do that. Even if my man gives the ball up, I'm on help side, helping my team out.''' ,'''I definitely feel like I'm a really good playmaker, a really smart point guard that can lead his team and win.''' ,'''I basically try to visualize the team doing good things on the court the night before the game. I get shots up. There's not actually a pregame ritual that I do. I'm still trying to figure that out. I say a prayer. I go out with confidence.''' ,'''My real name is Alfonso. My grandfather and dad are also Alfonso, so I was the third. So my mom just gave me the nickname Trey because I was the third.''' ,'''People underestimate my speed. I'm pretty fast.''' ,'''My job is just to make the right play, read the defense, shoot if it's there, and make plays for my team.''' ,'''I listen to a lot of Tupac and Biggie Smalls. Old school songs. Rick Ross. I listen to a guy ASAP Rocky. I like different kinds of music. I always have. It motivates me before games... A Tupac playlist or a Meek Mill playlist. It varies.''' ,'''I don't know why, but at the end of games, for some reason, I just get more confident. I just think it's natural. I think it's something I've embraced from a young age.''' ,'''Sometimes I relax on defense and not understand I can't do that. Night in and night out, you're playing some of the best point guards in the world. That's something I'm continuing to work on and continue to develop my lower body, get quicker and more explosive.''' ,'''In college, everything's structured. In the NBA, it's like, you have a lot of free time, and you have to use it wisely. A lot of the time, you're in a hotel room all day. And rest is really the most important thing. Then, just trying to enjoy yourself and have fun.''' ,'''I'm a gamer, so I play '2k,' 'Call of Duty,' and 'Madden.' I think I can play those games every day.''' ,'''A lot of people talk about the Fab Five, and they were wonderful, one of the best teams you'll ever see in college basketball. But the '89 team is the best one to ever play at Michigan in my opinion because they won the national championship. Winning a championship is winning a championship.''' ,'''I love playing video games. I love listening to music. Just surfing the web. Facebook, Twitter, keeping in touch with people from home.''' ,]
+++