+++
author = "Tyka Nelson"
title = "Tyka Nelson Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Tyka Nelson Quotes"
keywords = "tyka nelson,tyka nelson quotes,tyka nelson quote,tyka nelson sayings,tyka nelson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was the overweight kid who didn't have a boyfriend. I listened to other people say, 'You're ugly, you're fat, you're stupid,' and I believed it.''' ,'''I've always believed there is a better place somewhere. I feel like I'm E.T. and I'm just passing through.''' ,'''I grew up in a bubble. I just watched TV. I thought that's what you were supposed to do in life: sing and dance and act.''' ,'''I love to perform, to give glory to God with my own brand of funky gospel music. I think it's my mission to show people that God, that Jesus, can be cool.''' ,'''For a long time, I didn't want to live.''' ,'''I love my brother. But I'm not a yo-yo. He can't just keep spinning me in and out of his life.''' ,'''I was a single mother, and my boys were babies. I sold my body for food, money, and Pampers.''' ,'''I'm not really any religion. I still study with Jehovah's Witnesses, so I say I'm Apostolic Pentecostal Jehovah's Witness Seventh-Day Adventist Jew.''' ,'''I posted some songs on MySpace, and right away people started asking, 'Where can I get a CD?'''' ,'''Inside of me, it was like my soul and what I had to do to feed my family was always split. I was writing lyrics while I was supposed to be working. I'd look up, and there's my supervisor.''' ,'''I'm very quiet. In the beginning, my brother would play the piano, and I would sing, because that's what my mom and dad did. And then along the way, somebody teased me for even thinking that I could get up there. That stayed with me, and I became very shy.''' ,'''Being Prince's sister might get me in the door, but it is my own talent that keeps me on the stage.''' ,'''I'm definitely not afraid of death. It's like I'm looking forward to it, really. I'm probably a little more afraid of living.''' ,'''My brother, he just thought I was crazy.''' ,'''God is the new drug.''' ,]
+++