+++
author = "John Catsimatidis"
title = "John Catsimatidis Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 John Catsimatidis Quotes"
keywords = "john catsimatidis,john catsimatidis quotes,john catsimatidis quote,john catsimatidis sayings,john catsimatidis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Grocery stores can't afford to pay $80 a square foot. At that rate, we are going out of business.''' ,'''America always recovers.''' ,'''People tell me, 'You better lose weight if you want to run for mayor.' I said, 'I got the Chris Christie look.'''' ,'''What transpired at Semgroup was no less than a $500 billion fraud on the people of the world.''' ,'''There are two New Yorks - Manhattan and everything else. I'm a Manhattanite. I feel sorry for those people who aren't.''' ,'''The reason I grew so fast in the supermarket business, without help of the banks in those days, was through my vendors. I convinced my vendors, the companies I was doing business with, if I did more business, they would do more business.''' ,'''All my life, I've been winning, ok?''' ,'''Bill Clinton told me that when he was 14, he shook John Kennedy's hand, and that inspired him to be president.''' ,'''I think the rich should pay more in taxes - I agree with that 100 percent - but everybody should feel the pain a little bit.''' ,'''I could have beat Obama.''' ,'''New York never felt the recession. New York never felt a depression.''' ,'''What's worse than getting divorced?''' ,'''I was a Clinton Democrat for twenty years.''' ,'''The media doesn't always reflect reality.''' ,'''It will be almost impossible for any other candidate to raise the money that the Clintons can raise.''' ,'''Pizza is no longer on my diet.''' ,'''Anytime you cut food stamps, it naturally affects sales. People spend less.''' ,'''My life would be better without Gristedes.''' ,'''I'm a Bill Clinton social Republican.''' ,'''Americans like buying American vs. buying from Chavez or buying from the Middle East.''' ,'''I believe business has to do well and that the surrounding communities do well.''' ,'''Everyone - whether it's the Jews, the Greeks, the Catholics - everybody is entitled to religious beliefs and entitled to their traditions.''' ,'''I'm tough, but I have a heart.''' ,'''I believe that all people that are successful should pay back their cities, their states, their towns, our country.''' ,'''While in my late teens and in my 20s, I worked seven days a week, 20 hours a day. I worked my tail off.''' ,'''I want to inspire people.''' ,'''You have to work at everything. You've got to make it work.''' ,'''I love people. I enjoy people.''' ,'''I just want to reflect the respect I have for animals.''' ,'''I started in the supermarket business in the early '70s. And by '75, '76, I realized you don't have a business unless you own the real estate.''' ,'''We are teaching kids to fail. We need to teach our kids to succeed.''' ,'''Am I a Republican? Yes. Am I a Democrat? Yes. Am I a conservative? Yes. Am I a liberal? Yes.''' ,'''I think New York is destined to have a Democratic mayor, and I want Freddy Ferrer to be that mayor.''' ,'''One mentor I had taught me that people do what you inspect, not necessarily what you expect. In other words, if nobody is watching, there will be some slack off.''' ,'''I respect John Kennedy for saying that he had a dream that we'd go to the moon before the end of the decade.''' ,'''The Fresh Direct model doesn't work.''' ,'''I could be like Joe Kennedy and say, 'My kids are going to run for president!'''' ,'''As mayor, I would support law enforcement, not knock it down.''' ,'''We have to draw the line someplace with all the pesticides being used by the farmers.''' ,'''It is tough that a lot of kids have single-family homes.''' ,'''I grew up on 135th Street. I grew up on the poor side of New York. I grew up in Harlem.''' ,'''I have a love factor with the minorities.''' ,'''I'm not a Johnny-come-lately Jew. I've been around. I watch out for the Jews; I watch out for the Catholics.''' ,'''New York is for everybody; it's for the poor, it's for the middle-class, it's for the wealthy. We can't punish any one group and chase them away.''' ,'''It seems everyone knows the value of a cantaloupe or a quart of milk.''' ,'''My father died in '97. But at least he lived until 93, so he saw my success.''' ,'''Nobody destroys people - people destroy themselves, and it's very, very sad.''' ,'''I put $5 million into the real-estate business when the world was coming to an end, and three years later, by 1980, I woke up and was worth a hundred. That's a lot of money back then.''' ,'''I was a Mitt Romney Republican because he was pro-business.''' ,'''When the commodities go up and the cost of transportation is going up, and the value of the dollar is going down, it's all going to translate to an 8 to 10 percent rise in food prices.''' ,'''I made a ton of money.''' ,'''Material things don't matter.''' ,'''I am a real New Yorker... I didn't go to Harvard, I didn't go to Yale... I rooted for the Yankees; I didn't root for the Boston Red Sox.''' ,'''I'm not a Mike Bloomberg billionaire.''' ,'''I care about making New York better.''' ,'''I'm not ashamed of being successful. You know, they criticized Romney for being ashamed of it. I think we've got to inspire our kids that we shouldn't be ashamed to be successful.''' ,'''I'm a New York businessman.''' ,'''I promoted myself as a fusion ticket. I was running as a Republican liberal.''' ,'''I'm a visionary. I'm not a maintenance person.''' ,'''I'm the same businessman Donald Trump is.''' ,]
+++