+++
author = "Sheila Jackson Lee"
title = "Sheila Jackson Lee Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Sheila Jackson Lee Quotes"
keywords = "sheila jackson lee,sheila jackson lee quotes,sheila jackson lee quote,sheila jackson lee sayings,sheila jackson lee saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I happen to represent Enron here in Houston. We have many good corporate citizens here in Houston. Enron happened to have been one.''' ,'''Anything my staff does in my office is pursuant to congressional rules.''' ,'''America has a right to the Second Amendment, but the people of America have a right to safety and the prevention of gun violence in their community.''' ,'''We cannot elect a president who provides no hope to the laid-off union worker, no hope for the mother of five and no hope for the researcher who might find a cure for cancer. We cannot elect a leader who is willfully ignorant to the outcry of young people who want real criminal justice reform and responsible gun safety legislation now.''' ,'''Today, we have two Vietnams, side by side, North and South, exchanging and working. We may not agree with all that North Vietnam is doing, but they are living in peace. I would look for a better human rights record for North Vietnam, but they are living side by side.''' ,'''Can you tell me what's more unconstitutional than taking away from the people of America their Fifth Amendment rights, their Fourteenth Amendment rights, and the right to equal protection under the law?''' ,'''I was in the Black Power movement. I feel as energized about Black Lives Matter. I don't feel in any way separated from Black Lives Matter. I do believe we are hand and glove. I am the legislative tool.''' ,'''Millions of Americans find community, comfort and support in their faith.''' ,'''Many of us in Congress have been calling on the Administration to articulate a bold mission for NASA. It seems that the President is answering that call. I wholeheartedly support his vision for going back to the moon, and from there to worlds beyond.''' ,'''America, I am not ignoring you.''' ,'''It is a historical fact that President Bush pushed this nation into a war that had little to do with apprehending terrorists. We did not seek an impeachment of President Bush because, as an executive, he had his authority.''' ,'''I am about the people of the United States of America and the people of Houston, Texas.''' ,'''My new mission is, and I've said this to the White House, I want the Buy America to be real. I want the Buy America to be by small businesses, African American businesses, Latino and Asian, but in particular our African American businesses who heretofore couldn't even find the front door of government contracts.''' ,'''It's all right to agree or disagree on the balanced budget amendment. It's all right to talk about how we're going to appropriate.''' ,'''My town hall meetings are with friends and neighbors, fellow Americans. We engage.''' ,'''The Fifth Amendment speaks specifically to denying someone their life and liberty without due process. That is what H.R. 2 does, and I rise in opposition to it. And I rise in opposition because it is important that we preserve lives and we recognize that 40 million-plus are uninsured.''' ,'''The greatness of Americans is that we are mosaic - we are diverse.''' ,'''As Members of Congress, we should not be using public office for private gain.''' ,'''We have not won the battle against drug trafficking.''' ,'''I think the Justice Department needs to be the final protector of the people of the United States of America.''' ,'''I took and received campaign donations under the existing laws.''' ,'''Marching with over a million women in support of our reproductive rights was one of the most empowering things I have done, both as a woman and as a Member of Congress.''' ,'''By virtually any measure, the record of the Republican Majority is an appalling failure.''' ,'''I am a queen, and I demand to be treated like a queen.''' ,'''People have been turned away from hospitals simply because they have no insurance. People have been put out of hospitals because they have reached the lifetime caps.''' ,]
+++