+++
author = "Michel Martelly"
title = "Michel Martelly Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Michel Martelly Quotes"
keywords = "michel martelly,michel martelly quotes,michel martelly quote,michel martelly sayings,michel martelly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's a party that's being organized; it's not a protest. The carnival is not like it was a long time ago. Before it was do as you like, take to the streets.''' ,'''When I came in, Haiti was not governed by Haitians anymore. Probably mostly by NGOs. And that has done what to Haiti? It has weakened our institution.''' ,'''Haiti has changed a lot.''' ,'''The people behind me are the people behind Aristide. They are just looking for better days.''' ,'''I don't even want to be president!''' ,'''It's time for Haitians to have access to health care. It's time to open our borders to the Haitian diaspora, open our markets to the world. It's time to open our country to potential investors.''' ,'''I don't want to force the peacekeeping nations to feel like I'm pushing them out.''' ,'''Donors need to know what their money is being used for.''' ,'''The Haiti that has been waiting for help and not moving no longer exists. Enough handouts; we need hands up. Enough aid; we need trade.''' ,'''I believe my past is my strength.''' ,'''Everything in Haiti right now is a priority.''' ,'''I remain close to my people. I keep singing with them.''' ,'''Any MP has to have a proper family life, they have to have support of their partner.''' ,'''The State should have made sure the money given to the NGOs was used according to a global plan for Haiti; not doing whatever they want. They should be supervised and have to report and make sure the money is being used properly. They are here, but we are seeing no results.''' ,'''International donors, our friends, should demand results; impose results. The fact of giving money is not helping if you give money to honest people and there is no structure to manage that money. It is not helping.''' ,'''My way of thinking is to create a situation where we rally everyone together and create peace and pardon people, to not forget about the past - because we need to learn from it - but to mainly think about the future.''' ,'''The last five - six presidents of Haiti have failed miserably. And I don't think it would be an honor for me to say I want to be the next 'president.' I want to be the man by with whom change arrives.''' ,'''I came into the music world in 1988 with a song called 'Ooh La La,' that was like a breath of fresh air in Haitian music.''' ,'''When you put more than a million kids in school, you take a plane today and go to Haiti, you cannot see the results. You will see the results in 30 years when you see a different type of Haitian.''' ,'''I want to continue to do a good job for my constituents, my party doesn't want me to resign.''' ,'''When I was campaigning, I told the people if nothing happens under my mandate it will still be a positive thing because my mandate will be used as a rupture between the past and the future.''' ,'''I rallied all the youth around me, all the people who liked Compa, but felt like it was dying, going away, being replaced with Zouk. So it became a movement. So, through the years, I've played my music with dedication, discipline and originality, and controversy also.''' ,]
+++