+++
author = "Jayson Tatum"
title = "Jayson Tatum Quotes"
quotes_len = "81"
description = "the best 81 Jayson Tatum Quotes"
keywords = "jayson tatum,jayson tatum quotes,jayson tatum quote,jayson tatum sayings,jayson tatum saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think that's when I have the most fun: when things are on the line.''' ,'''I'm looking to try to do more out there and just taking advantage of the opportunities that I've been given.''' ,'''Growing up with videos and YouTube, being able to see content from the '90s - music and games - that really helped me stay connected with the time before me.''' ,'''One day I'd have 20 points, the next day two points. I was dribbling the ball off my leg. I couldn't understand why. The media started asking me, 'Is this because you are a new dad?' I didn't want to blame my son. There are plenty of people in much worse situations, and they make it work. I have to do that, too.''' ,'''My parents are supportive of me, whatever school I go to.''' ,'''It helps being on a good team with a winning culture and just being confident in myself.''' ,'''I gained, like, 20 pounds in, like, two and a half, three weeks. So I just got too big too fast, and my body wasn't adjusted to that.''' ,'''Most guys in my position don't get drafted to such a high-caliber team like the Celtics, so it makes me work harder because I have to compete and earn everything.''' ,'''Anytime I play another rookie, there's that extra edge.''' ,'''Just keep having fun. It's basketball. So that's what I'm going to keep doing.''' ,'''When I play bad, I don't get too down on myself. When I play good, I don't get too hot.''' ,'''There's no greater feeling, I would imagine, than winning a national championship in that one year and then hopefully going to the NBA.''' ,'''If I see a spider in my room, I gotta sleep on the couch for, like, two days.''' ,'''Thin crust, provolone cheese, marinara sauce - it's just a St. Louis thing. That's what I grew up eating.''' ,'''You gotta have confidence in yourself first before anybody else will. I've always had that.''' ,'''Man, I'm always going to back up my teammates.''' ,'''The Celtics were always going to pick me No. 1, but Philly didn't know that.''' ,'''Being able to provide for your kids in a way that maybe your parents couldn't do for you is a great feeling.''' ,'''No matter what team you're playing for, the ultimate goal is to be the last team standing.''' ,'''I dreamed of having big moments and having a big role. That obviously came a lot sooner than I thought.''' ,'''At the end of the day, we all want to win, so everybody has to sacrifice when you want to be a part of something special.''' ,'''I love Coach K's passion to coach his players and to coach the game. I examined and watched the interaction between him and his staff, along with the players, and was impressed how hard they played.''' ,'''You work all season to earn the trust of your teammates and the coaching staff.''' ,'''You've just got to bring it every night. And that's what makes the great players great.''' ,'''I don't have anything to eat in my house but chips and Gatorade.''' ,'''Once you get to the tournament, it's like, win or go home.''' ,'''Obviously understand what's at stake, and keep going. You just have to keep going, keep playing.''' ,'''Meeting Kobe, it was of the greatest feelings ever.''' ,'''I want to be the next Paul Pierce.''' ,'''There's no better way to start your career than by playing probably the best guy in the league.''' ,'''I grew up watching LeBron and asking him to follow me back on Twitter, going to his camps. So just to be able to compete against a player like him and be a few shots away from beating him and his team to go to a championship is something I will always remember.''' ,'''I just enjoy playing in the big moments, in the big games.''' ,'''Talent level, I feel like if I'm not the best, I'm one or two. I think it's just opportunity, the situation that you're in, and who's on your team. I think I've done all right.''' ,'''Every since I started playing basketball, I wanted to be just like Kobe. To get to see him play in person, and to meet him, was just a dream come true.''' ,'''I'm a big candle guy.''' ,'''I don't really think about it. I just try to find my opportunity and then attack.''' ,'''There's a lot of talented guys, but at the end of the day, you've got to go out there and get it. It's really about who's competing and who wants it more on both ends of the floor.''' ,'''My mom tried to not let me see how much we were struggling, but I noticed it. I think that's what made me work harder. I saw how hard she was working, and I just wanted a better life for both of us.''' ,'''Not too many people know what they want to do at 3 and then go do it.''' ,'''All good players have to do that, to learn how to get better throughout the season. Just really work on my body. Just try to stay healthy and be stronger. Just try to get bigger.''' ,'''I just care about winning and doing what I can while I'm on the floor.''' ,'''Coach K always wanted me to talk more, even when I was in college. That's something I'm going to do as I get older.''' ,'''It's a lot of fun, especially when you're winning. Playing at home in front of the best fans - doesn't get any better than that.''' ,'''If somebody was to ask me who is the best rookie, I would tell them I was.''' ,'''Every time I shoot, I think it's going in. I get upset when it doesn't.''' ,'''I still think it's mind-blowing when famous people know who I am.''' ,'''I've always lived with my mom. My whole life.''' ,'''I remember placing the New Era cap on my head at the 2017 NBA draft - that moment changed my life. I'm excited to be a part of a brand that has a strong sport heritage and look forward to being a part of their history.''' ,'''I used to watch LeBron on TV growing up, and now I'm playing my first game against him.''' ,'''The playoffs bring the best out of people.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of anything.''' ,'''That's what I am trying to be, just trying to affect the game any way possible, rebounding, getting a block, or trying to get a stop even when your shot isn't falling, because, at the end of the day, all that matters is whether you win or lose.''' ,'''I'm the biggest mama's boy ever, and I'm proud to say it.''' ,'''The Single Mothers Program is something I would love to start if I'm fortunate enough to make it to the NBA and things like that.''' ,'''I got to go to practice one day, shoot around, and rebound for LeBron James. That was still an unreal experience.''' ,'''I guess people looked at me in college, said I couldn't shoot or play defense. I proved them wrong.''' ,'''I am growing up, but I still need help along the way.''' ,'''When I was, like, 4 or 5, I'd just always tell - my mom would ask me what I wanted to be when I got older. And I would just be like, 'I wanna be Kobe.' She'd be like, 'You wanna be in the NBA?' 'No, like, I wanna be Kobe.'''' ,'''Kobe Bryant was the reason I started playing basketball - always was and will be my favorite player of all time. I love the way he could get his shot off, his footwork down in the post, just his determination to be the best player.''' ,'''The East is tougher than a lot of people give us credit for.''' ,'''I didn't expect this - to be 19, be a rookie, playing this much and having a kid. It's a lot, but, I mean, I'm enjoying it.''' ,'''School was very important. But I needed to watch basketball.''' ,'''It feels great just finally knowing where I'm going and have some place to call home. And I'm glad it's Boston.''' ,'''Obviously, getting stronger is the key, and knowing how to use my body, knowing what to expect.''' ,'''I don't think I really like going to class that much.''' ,'''I've been watching Kobe ever since I can remember.''' ,'''I don't know how to handle all the trade talks.''' ,'''It's been a dream come true, you know, just making it to the NBA and being drafted by a great franchise like Boston.''' ,'''I just try to stay in my little circle. And I don't try to do too much. And when my opportunity comes, I just try to make the most of it.''' ,'''Because I grew up in a single parent home with my mom, growing up, things weren't always the best.''' ,'''Guys are going to be physical, especially with me being the young guy. That tends to happen a lot. It's just guys trying to be stronger and bigger than me, so they're just trying to be more physical.''' ,'''I was fortunate enough to make it to where I want to be. There could be other kids as talented or more talented than me in whatever they want to be but don't have the resources to pursue their dream. Maybe they have to get a job instead to help their mom with the bills.''' ,'''All I used to want to do was shoot fadeaways like Kobe because he was my favorite player.''' ,'''I don't really want to get too heavy, you know. I still want to be able to move in the paint.''' ,'''My relationships with the Duke coaches were the best, and they made me a priority.''' ,'''I used to hate Boston.''' ,'''Each person's workout is really different. It's tailored to be what's most needed for them. Everybody's different.''' ,'''I'm a pretty good free-throw shooter, so getting fouled is a good thing.''' ,'''I play the best and have the most fun when the stage is brightest.''' ,'''I feel like when I'm out there, I'm on the court, I just try to figure it out.''' ,'''You've just got to go out there and make the right play.''' ,]
+++