+++
author = "Liza Koshy"
title = "Liza Koshy Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Liza Koshy Quotes"
keywords = "liza koshy,liza koshy quotes,liza koshy quote,liza koshy sayings,liza koshy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Make an account, start uploading videos, and then be yourself; it's very cliche, but no one else can do it.''' ,'''You can't play a high school student forever, so at some point, I'm going to have to tear down that wall and tear off that wig and be me.''' ,'''My office is basically my phone.''' ,'''The worst advice I've ever received was 'Don't post on YouTube. It's dying.'''' ,'''I can't wait to bring #LizaOnDemand to my YouTube audience and hopefully a new audience, too.''' ,'''I think my first video was when I was 19. I was pretty old.''' ,'''I am a gardener, I have a big green thumb, and I can take care of these plants really easily because they are all fake.''' ,'''Melissa McCarthy - she's so funny, and she keeps bringing it.''' ,'''I am so excited to sign with AwesomenessTV. I can't wait to explore all the fun opportunities with them and feel even more awesome.''' ,'''It is so much fun to make content for kids and people of all ages. Families can sit down and watch my stuff.''' ,'''I believe I'm better looking as a dude than a girl.''' ,'''It is fun to say hi to people. It is always good to meet them and give high-fives and stuff.''' ,'''President Barack Obama was amazing. You know how you imagine it would be to meet a celebrity, and that person may actually have a halo around them or something? Well, he did! He was tall, and he had a halo!''' ,'''This is a dream that I have been dreaming to live! From watching 'Double Dare' to hosting it! I am ready for a summer of slime and nose-picking.''' ,'''I grew up watching 'TRL.' I had older sisters who got me into it!''' ,]
+++