+++
author = "Simone Elkeles"
title = "Simone Elkeles Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Simone Elkeles Quotes"
keywords = "simone elkeles,simone elkeles quotes,simone elkeles quote,simone elkeles sayings,simone elkeles saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I write, it's like watching a movie in my head.''' ,'''Fans always say they laughed and they cried while reading my books. And I tell them that I laughed and cried while writing them.''' ,'''I lost my dad when I was younger, and I know what it's like to lose a beloved parent.''' ,'''For my 'Perfect Chemistry' series, I did movie-style book trailers, and my fans went crazy for them.''' ,'''I get a lot of mail from boys in detention centers, including one from a center where they only had a few copies of my novel. They had a deal with each other that they'd read a couple of chapters and then slide it under the door to the next guy. I think that's very cool.''' ,'''I tried writing adult romances, but it just didn't fit my voice.''' ,'''Romance novels are my favorite books to read. I write young adult romances, and am so happy to be promoting this wonderful genre.''' ,'''Everyone who has ever met me for at least five minutes knows I'm a really funny person. I love to laugh and to make people laugh, so writing comedy comes naturally to me.''' ,'''I write edgy, sexy teen romances, and that's what I'll continue to do.''' ,'''Two dads have sent me letters that said my books changed their daughters' lives. I send them packages with T-shirts and posters because, come on... that's the coolest.''' ,'''I was definitely meant to be a young adult author, and I love it - I'm here to stay!''' ,'''I like to write books that touch my heart. I want to entertain, and I love to entertain myself.''' ,'''Football players are misunderstood. They aren't the dumb jocks people think they are.''' ,]
+++