+++
author = "Jimmy Nail"
title = "Jimmy Nail Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Jimmy Nail Quotes"
keywords = "jimmy nail,jimmy nail quotes,jimmy nail quote,jimmy nail sayings,jimmy nail saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I find it very hard to play a part, then take it off like a cheap suit and become Mr Normal - Mr. Nice Guy.''' ,'''I went from being totally unknown to getting stopped every time I went out. I always wanted to be successful, but I have never wanted to become a celebrity. I never, ever, craved that.''' ,'''I couldn't make sense of things. But then I began the process of civilising myself and trying to become a decent human being. I'm still working on it.''' ,'''I haven't got the kind of discipline where I can turn my emotion inside out and then just switch off. It affects me fairly profoundly and I don't like putting myself through that kind of mincer every day.''' ,'''The whole fame and fortune thing is addictive.''' ,'''I've gradually grown more comfortable with who I am and what I am.''' ,'''Even now I can't stand being recognized in the street. I just hate it when strangers come up and try to talk to me. I'm pathologically shy.''' ,'''I've had a blessed career, and that has been acknowledged in many ways over the years.''' ,'''If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.''' ,'''The older I've got, the easier I've found it to accept myself. I think I've finally learnt not to beat myself up so much.''' ,'''I was racing through life, utterly confused and angry. I don't know if I was out of control; it was more like I felt frustrated with myself and everything I saw happening around me.''' ,]
+++