+++
author = "Michael Jordan"
title = "Michael Jordan Quotes"
quotes_len = "80"
description = "the best 80 Michael Jordan Quotes"
keywords = "michael jordan,michael jordan quotes,michael jordan quote,michael jordan sayings,michael jordan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I realize that I'm black, but I like to be viewed as a person, and this is everybody's wish.''' ,'''Even when I'm old and grey, I won't be able to play it, but I'll still love the game.''' ,'''Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.''' ,'''In college I never realized the opportunities available to a pro athlete. I've been given the chance to meet all kinds of people, to travel and expand my financial capabilities, to get ideas and learn about life, to create a world apart from basketball.''' ,'''I want to play for years.''' ,'''Do I need my number retired throughout the course of the league to acknowledge what I've done? No.''' ,'''As athletes, we're used to reacting quickly. Here, it's 'come, stop, come, stop.' There's a lot of downtime. That's the toughest part of the day.''' ,'''I'm not a Twitterer, I'm not a twerker, I'm not a Facebooker, I'm not nothing. I'm old school.''' ,'''My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength.''' ,'''I never thought a role model should be negative.''' ,'''I wasn't really a work-conscious type of person. I was a player. I loved to play sports.''' ,'''Playing sick. That is so hard to do. It has to be a total mental challenge, as well as the physical challenge.''' ,'''You have competition every day because you set such high standards for yourself that you have to go out every day and live up to that.''' ,'''It's a habit of mine now, noticing labels, logos, shoes.''' ,'''Gambling is legal and betting is legal, for what I bet.''' ,'''I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.''' ,'''Limits, like fear, is often an illusion.''' ,'''There's only one Michael Jordan.''' ,'''Being Michael Jordan means acting the same as I always have.''' ,'''I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.''' ,'''I like control.''' ,'''I hope the millions of people I've touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude.''' ,'''I want to wake up every day and do whatever comes in my mind, and not feel pressure or obligations to do anything else in my life.''' ,'''I do not have a problem, I enjoy gambling, but I think people are trying to make it seem like I have a problem, because people really don't know.''' ,'''I believe greatness is an evolutionary process that changes and evolves era to era.''' ,'''I've had tendinitis since college.''' ,'''The game is my wife. It demands loyalty and responsibility, and it gives me back fulfillment and peace.''' ,'''Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game.''' ,'''I'm patient.''' ,'''Sometimes you need to get hit in the head to realize that you're in a fight.''' ,'''Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.''' ,'''It's a heavy duty to try to do everything and please everybody. My job was to go out there and play the game of basketball as best I can and provide entertainment for everyone who wanted to watch basketball. Obviously, people may not agree with that; again, I can't live with what everyone's impression of what I should or what I shouldn't do.''' ,'''I think the players win the championship, and the organization has something to do with it, don't get me wrong. But don't try to put the organization above the players.''' ,'''I've never been afraid to fail.''' ,'''To be successful you have to be selfish, or else you never achieve. And once you get to your highest level, then you have to be unselfish. Stay reachable. Stay in touch. Don't isolate.''' ,'''Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.''' ,'''If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.''' ,'''I never looked at the consequences of missing a big shot... when you think about the consequences you always think of a negative result.''' ,'''I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.''' ,'''I want to be perceived as a guy who played his best in all facets, not just scoring. A guy who loved challenges.''' ,'''It's hard to say if the NBA is hurt by the influx of younger players, but it's definitely impacted the league.''' ,'''When I was young, I had to learn the fundamentals of basketball. You can have all the physical ability in the world, but you still have to know the fundamentals.''' ,'''I want people to understand, gambling is not a bad thing if you do it within the framework of what it's meant to be, which is fun and entertaining.''' ,'''The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.''' ,'''I will not quit this game because of what the media has done to me.''' ,'''When I lose the sense of motivation and the sense to prove something as a basketball player, it's time for me to move away from the game.''' ,'''My father used to say that it's never too late to do anything you wanted to do. And he said, 'You never know what you can accomplish until you try.'''' ,'''If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.''' ,'''It's absolutely wrong that I don't want guys to challenge me. And the people who say that aren't in the room.''' ,'''How many times have your parents told you not to do things, and the next thing you know, you go do it? And you realized you shouldn't have done it.''' ,'''When I was playing before I retired, I never really understood the appreciation and the respect that people gave me. People had treated me like a god or something, and that was very embarrassing.''' ,'''My body could stand the crutches but my mind couldn't stand the sideline.''' ,'''In any investment, you expect to have fun and make money.''' ,'''You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.''' ,'''One day, you might look up and see me playing the game at 50. Don't laugh. Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.''' ,'''I won't have any competitive instincts in any sports, other than golf. I can't see being competitive in sports any more.''' ,'''My challenge when I came back was to face the young talent, dissect their games, and show them maybe that they needed to learn more about the game than just the money aspect.''' ,'''I want to be the bridge to the next generation.''' ,'''The game has its ups and downs, but you can never lose focus of your individual goals and you can't let yourself be beat because of lack of effort.''' ,'''Ultimately, if you can say that I'm a bad owner and we're winning championships, I can live with that. But if we're not making the playoffs and we're spending and losing money, then I have to look in the mirror and say maybe I'm not taking the necessary steps to doing what it takes to run an organization.''' ,'''I built my talents on the shoulders of someone else's talent.''' ,'''Sometimes, things may not go your way, but the effort should be there every single night.''' ,'''For a competitive junkie like me, golf is a great solution because it smacks you in the face every time you think you have accomplished something. That to me has taken over a lot of the energy and competitiveness for basketball.''' ,'''There is no such thing as a perfect basketball player, and I don't believe there is only one greatest player either.''' ,'''I'd like to be settled into somewhat of a normal life. Somewhat. I know it's never going to be completely normal.''' ,'''In reality, I never want to grow up.''' ,'''I know the signs of scaredness.''' ,'''Be true to the game, because the game will be true to you. If you try to shortcut the game, then the game will shortcut you. If you put forth the effort, good things will be bestowed upon you. That's truly about the game, and in some ways that's about life too.''' ,'''We all fly. Once you leave the ground, you fly. Some people fly longer than others.''' ,'''I'm not out there sweating for three hours every day just to find out what it feels like to sweat.''' ,'''The best evaluation I can make of a player is to look in his eyes and see how scared they are.''' ,'''Purchasing the Bobcats is the culmination of my post-playing career goal of becoming the majority owner of an NBA franchise.''' ,'''I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come.''' ,'''I play to win, whether during practice or a real game. And I will not let anything get in the way of me and my competitive enthusiasm to win.''' ,'''Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation.''' ,'''I can't speak for the future. I have no crystal ball.''' ,'''There is no 'i' in team but there is in win.''' ,'''Winning isn't always championships.''' ,'''My heroes are and were my parents. I can't see having anyone else as my heroes.''' ,'''It is nerve-wracking watching my kids' games.''' ,]
+++