+++
author = "Sushma Swaraj"
title = "Sushma Swaraj Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Sushma Swaraj Quotes"
keywords = "sushma swaraj,sushma swaraj quotes,sushma swaraj quote,sushma swaraj sayings,sushma swaraj saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I view everything in the context of Lord Krishna's will, and for me, it is fine if things go in my favour or against.''' ,'''The India-China relationship is an important relationship for both of our countries.''' ,'''Those suffering from spondylitis and arthiritis are not advised to perform certain asanas.''' ,'''Reform cannot be cosmetic.''' ,'''My husband is an opposition MP. Our political alliance may have fallen through, but our matrimonial alliance is intact.''' ,'''These are important markers in our engagement with South East Asia, in enhancing our strategic ties with ASEAN across 3 Cs. These 3 Cs are commerce, connectivity, and culture.''' ,'''The world's biggest challenge comes from the threats of climate change and terrorism. In India's case, terrorism is not bred in some faraway land but from across our border.''' ,'''To be a leader, you have to travel through the entire length and breadth of the country.''' ,'''Our efforts are to be directed towards narrowing the gap between the study of shastras and science.''' ,'''The cable law. Prasar Bharati. The Broadcasting Bill. These are all overlapping things.''' ,'''I was a minister in the Vajpayee government. Atalji wanted to do so many things. But, since he was heading a coalition government, he could not do all those things.''' ,'''Protectionism in all its forms should be rejected, and efforts should be made to discipline measures that constitute barriers to trade.''' ,'''I am a personal advocate of strong ties between India and Israel, so I am very happy to see that our relations are progressing so well in all fields of our engagement.''' ,'''The U.N. cannot be run by the 'I.' It only works by the 'We.'''' ,'''We attach high priority to India's relations with Israel.''' ,'''These nations, in which U.N. designated terrorists roam freely, lead processions, and deliver their poisonous sermons of hate with impunity, are as culpable as the very terrorists they harbour. Such countries should have no place in the comity of nations.''' ,'''You know that we are against major foreign equity participation in the field of culture and information. This is not only our view in the BJP.''' ,'''India continues to be guided by the principles of being non-interfering, non-prescriptive, and non-judgemental. In other words, India remains ready to provide any support but strongly believes that it is for the Arab countries to decide their destiny without any external interference or diktats from outside.''' ,'''It is necessary that we eliminate the scourge of terrorism in all its forms, without any discrimination, and end the ecosystem of its support.''' ,'''The fight against terrorism is not a confrontation against any religion.''' ,'''India's engagement with the ASEAN region lies in the clarity of the principles that we share.''' ,'''We must preserve our cultural identity.''' ,'''I was born in Ambala Cantt., but my parents belong to Palwal.''' ,'''India is committed to working with SCO to strengthen our economic and investment ties.''' ,'''We do not want talk on terror; we want action on it. Terror and talks cannot go together.''' ,'''Ensuring that the benefits of globalisation are shared widely remains a challenge.''' ,'''We believe that when all nations adhere to international rules and norms and when we conduct on the basis of sovereign equality and mutual respect, our nations feel secure, and our economies prosper.''' ,'''Right from the college day, I was in politics.''' ,'''People often ask us what we get by our frequent travel to countries. I want to tell them we do not travel to have fun; we travel to build our relationship with other countries, and it is because of our ties with these countries that we were able to rescue 7,000 people from Yemen.''' ,'''Our North East region will prosper when it is better connected to South East Asia, and when the North East becomes our bridge to South East Asia, we will be closer to realising our hopes for India and ASEAN ties.''' ,'''We must be prepared to extract costs for those who sponsor and support terrorists, who provide them sanctuary, and who, despite their own claimed victimhood, continue to make the false distinction between good and bad terrorists.''' ,'''A leader is not born out of the blue. You have to know the pulse of the people from Kashmir to Kanyakumari and from Gujarat to Guwahati. You have to relate yourself with them, and only then does one become a leader.''' ,'''If there is an interpreter sitting between two friends, he may be able to translate the words but not the feelings with which I say something.''' ,'''The Ganga remains sacred from Gomukh, its source, to Ganga sagar, where it enters the ocean. It sanctifies the tributaries, which attain the very nature of Ganga. Similar is Sanskrit; sacred by itself, it sanctifies all that come into its contact.''' ,'''History proves that those who seed extremist ideologies reap a bitter harvest.''' ,'''Electorates need a simple MLA, even if the person is a big leader.''' ,'''I think the firmness in one's stance can be conveyed in a different manner without being indecent or using harsh words.''' ,'''If we have to save the world from the adverse effects of climate change, then developed nations must lift the deprived with financial and technical resources.''' ,'''We established scientific and technical institutions which are the pride of the world. But what has Pakistan offered to the world and, indeed, to its own people apart from terrorism?''' ,'''I cannot tell a lie, and I'm very straightforward. Sometimes this hurts people. I've wondered if I should change, but I feel more comfortable about myself this way.''' ,'''Wherever Modi has addressed the local Indian communities during his visits to foreign countries, the Indians there are extremely happy. After the prime minister's visits, the Indians in those countries are feeling a great sense of pride, and the respect for them has increased.''' ,'''The unhappiest memories are of losing my mother when I was 14. Alter six months, my father remarried. The thought that somebody was taking the place of my mother was unacceptable. It is sad because, after that, my father also changed.''' ,'''The asanas that happen in yoga... namaz also has those kriyas.''' ,'''Formation of alignments for governments are done by our central parliamentary board and not locally.''' ,'''Being a longstanding partner of the Arab world, we in India are also deeply concerned with the rise of fanaticism, extremism, and terrorism in parts of the region.''' ,'''The question the electorate asks is: 'What can you do for us? Are you just using us to defeat somebody because you have a personal grievance?'''' ,'''The world is moving ahead to become more integrated and connected, where movement of goods and people is becoming easier with each passing day.''' ,'''When you are in election mode, you are focused only on winning.''' ,'''Our diaspora provides a platform for a stronger relationship between India and ASEAN countries.''' ,'''India has been a longstanding and reliable development partner of Bangladesh.''' ,'''I can go to foreign countries, but following the advice of the doctors to stay away from dust, I am unable to visit Vidisha, as mostly it comprises of rural areas only.''' ,'''As a mature and responsible nation, one of India's foreign policy interests is to evolve a regional architecture based on the twin principles of shared security and shared prosperity.''' ,'''Who can be a greater transgressor of human rights than a terrorist?''' ,'''Why did the Pakistani military attack us on behalf of JeM? You not only keep JeM on your soil but fund them, and when the victim country retaliates, you attack it on the terror outfit's behalf.''' ,'''Development of seamless physical connectivity is key for achieving regional growth, employment, and prosperity.''' ,'''India and Pakistan became free within hours of each other. Why is it that today India is a recognised IT superpower in the world, and Pakistan is recognised only as the pre-eminent export factory for terror?''' ,'''We have to pick up people's issues within and outside Parliament and give a voice to their pain and problems and come across as a party which understands this.''' ,'''None from my family was in politics. I am a first-generation politician.''' ,'''An environment of peace and security is essential for regional cooperation to progress and achieve economic development and prosperity of our people.''' ,'''People do not like negative campaigns.''' ,'''If things happen for the good, I say that Lord Krishna wished it so, and if anything goes against me, even then I say Lord Krishna wanted it to happen that way.''' ,'''The brutality against the Baloch people represents the worst form of State oppression.''' ,'''This is the era of television and media. If you do not raise issues, then people say that the MLA does not speak in the House. You have to play an effective role in the assembly. Raise issues related to your area.''' ,'''Maroon is my favourite colour.''' ,'''Just as 'Islam' literally means 'peace,' none of the 99 names of Allah mean violence. Similarly, every religion in the world stands for peace, compassion, and brotherhood.''' ,'''The BJP is certainly for empowerment of women.''' ,'''If the U.N. is ineffective, the whole concept of multilateralism will collapse.''' ,'''Terrorism and extremism bear different names and labels. It uses diverse causes. But in each case, it is driven by distortion of religion and a misguided belief in its power to succeed.''' ,'''My best and most trustworthy friend is my husband. I trust him more than I trust myself.''' ,'''Abduction of Father Tom Uzhunnalil is a matter of grave concern for us.''' ,'''For us, the BSP is like any other rival.''' ,'''The U.N. is biggest platform for all nations. But slowly, its significance, effect, dignity, and use is being reduced. We should worry that we don't meet the same fate as League of Nations. Their descent was caused as they were not ready for reform. We shouldn't repeat that mistake.''' ,'''Peace is a pre-requisite for development.''' ,'''We see West Asia as part of our extended neighbourhood.''' ,'''Democracy cannot be imagined without Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha, and they cannot be imagined without MPs and MLAs.''' ,'''People can overlook any shortcoming, but they will not tolerate arrogance.''' ,'''Surya namaskar, in itself, is a combination of 12 asanas.''' ,'''I am not afraid of anything, even death.''' ,'''India and the U.S. stand together in upholding an international rules-based system that has benefited all nations.''' ,'''The home ministry's role should be focused. There are so many items under it today; it has to look after even official languages. There should be a minister looking after internal security, and the remaining things should go under another ministry. Things like official languages can be looked after by the human resources development ministry.''' ,'''To enhance ease of doing business, the government has taken multiple steps to simplify procedures, rationalise rules, and increased use of technology.''' ,'''BRICS meetings are keenly watched world over, and our decisions have profound impact globally.''' ,'''We believe that economic globalisation should be more open, inclusive, equitable, and balanced for mutual benefits.''' ,'''The NSG entry is crucial for India's energy policy.''' ,'''Sushma Swaraj has no personal ambition. I take things in my stride.''' ,'''Knowledge in Sanskrit will go a long way in finding solutions to the contemporary problems like global warming, unsustainable consumption, civilisational clash, poverty, terrorism, etc.''' ,'''I have already disassociated myself from my husband's views.''' ,'''I served as the chairman of the India-Israel Parliamentary Friendship Group for three years, during which I also had the pleasure of visiting Israel.''' ,'''National security, both internal and external, is a challenge.''' ,'''I come from a RSS family. My father was a strong supporter of the RSS, and he was a swayamsewak of the Palwal Shakha.''' ,'''When two friends sit together, what do they want? They want to talk their hearts out to each other, share what they feel.''' ,'''The SCO countries have been connected historically through shared commonalities, which we are constantly rejuvenating.''' ,'''I have toured my constituency maximum number of times as a member of the Lok Sabha among the MPs from Madhya Pradesh.''' ,'''My aim is to project that the BJP is not only an alternative but a better alternative to the Congress.''' ,'''Our government has made infrastructure upgrade and the creation of smart cities major national priorities.''' ,'''When we carried out air strike across the border after the Pulwama terror attack, we had told the international community that we took that step in self-defence only. We had told the international community that the armed forces were instructed not to harm any Pakistani citizen or its soldier during the strike.''' ,'''India believes that the world is a family, and the best means of resolution is shared discourse. A family is shaped by love and is not transactional; a family is nurtured by consideration, not greed; a family believes in harmony not jealousy.''' ,'''In our midst, there are nations that still speak the language of terrorism, that nurture it, peddle it, and export it. To shelter terrorists has become their calling card. We must identify these nations and hold them to account.''' ,'''Sanskrit language and the subjects in Sanskrit are both vital alike.''' ,'''The OIC has a huge responsibility and a great opportunity to lift humanity to a higher level of peace and prosperity and to make this planet a better place, not just for your people but for rest of the world.''' ,]
+++