+++
author = "Henrik Larsson"
title = "Henrik Larsson Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Henrik Larsson Quotes"
keywords = "henrik larsson,henrik larsson quotes,henrik larsson quote,henrik larsson sayings,henrik larsson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I understand that I have to prove myself as a manager. I think I have the potential. I have a lot of knowledge to share, and I think I'm well equipped to translate my thoughts to the players.''' ,'''I didn't have to leave Celtic and go to England for money. It wasn't worth the hassle, and my wife and children felt settled in Glasgow.''' ,'''I think the day you underestimate the importance of the job at Celtic Football Club, that's the day when you fail. I've seen a few coaches doing that.''' ,'''I was 22, and getting into a World Cup squad is what you dream about as a kid, so finishing third was fantastic.''' ,'''At Helsingborgs, there were ups and downs, and you need to learn how to handle it.''' ,'''Football is all about self-confidence.''' ,'''You're going to watch football all your life - you're going to watch the Champions League and the Europa League - and I don't have a great feeling when I watch the Europa League, but when I watch the Champions League, I have a great feeling.''' ,'''My managerial ambitions were the same as I had as a player: to become as good as possible and to join the big teams in the big leagues.''' ,'''You learn a lot about yourself when things aren't going well. It's always good to be the underdog.''' ,'''Moving to Glasgow from Feyenoord was a life-changing experience.''' ,'''The thing that is really important is that the players have the drive to do something more with their football. If you have that, you can make a decent player into a very good player.''' ,'''As a manager, it's the same as a player: I want to see how far I can get.''' ,'''There are players who tend not to look at the money short-term: they have a bigger plan.''' ,'''If the club is doing good, the club is getting income, then the club can share it with the players. But when the situation is not going according to plan, you have to look at the financial bit and see what you can change.''' ,'''As long as I am involved in football and doing this work, I am going to be connected to Celtic.''' ,'''I'm honoured to train players that want more from their football than just raising their small wages.''' ,'''In England, somewhere. I want to be at a big team, in the big leagues again.''' ,'''As a kid, I dreamed of playing in a warm land with a swimming pool.''' ,'''I didn't have a clue how big a club Celtic were when I joined.''' ,'''When I was 18, I had a trial at Benfica, when Sven-Goran Eriksson was the manager. Then, at 21, I was working for a company loading vegetables onto trucks.''' ,'''Obviously, as a manager, you decide the set-up of the team, who's playing, but when it comes to doing the things I want, I have principles, but I also want to leave it open for the players to find their own solutions. At the end of the day, it's also about the individual.''' ,'''I don't mind players earning money, but it should mean, at the same time, that the club is doing good.''' ,'''The dreadlocks were easy to maintain: I got up in the morning and flicked my head. If they got too big, I'd pull them apart every now and again. In the end, I got too old for them.''' ,'''The career I had at Celtic, the amount of goals and assists and the relationship with the fans and the club, I can't regret that. That's something I'm going to cherish as long as I live.''' ,'''Everything was professional at United. They really take care of their players.''' ,'''There would have been no Barcelona, and a lot of other things besides, for me if I hadn't signed for Celtic.''' ,'''I had many good managers: Wim Jansen, Martin O'Neill, Frank Rijkaard, and Alex Ferguson, to name just a few.''' ,'''I can't be Martin O'Neill; I can't be any of the other coaches - I have to make my own way.''' ,'''I think, as long as I'm in this line of work, I'm always going to be mentioned when Celtic are looking for a new manager.''' ,]
+++