+++
author = "Rachel Corrie"
title = "Rachel Corrie Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Rachel Corrie Quotes"
keywords = "rachel corrie,rachel corrie quotes,rachel corrie quote,rachel corrie sayings,rachel corrie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am a good, strong word giver; I am a jealous guard of my own secrets. Freedom is the rule; I am hungry for one good thing I can do.''' ,'''I've had this underlying need to go to a place and meet people who are on the other end of the portion of my tax money that goes to fund the U.S. and other militaries.''' ,'''Whenever I organize or participate in public protest I get really worried that it will just suck, be really small, embarrassing, and the media will laugh at me. Oftentimes, it is really small and most of the time the media laughs at us.''' ,'''I think freedom for Palestine could be an incredible source of hope to people struggling all over the world. I think it could also be an incredible inspiration to Arab people in the Middle East, who are struggling under undemocratic regimes which the U.S. supports.''' ,'''We should be inspired by people... who show that human beings can be kind, brave, generous, beautiful, strong-even in the most difficult circumstances.''' ,'''I want to be a lawyer, a dancer, an actress, a mother, a wife, a children's author, a distance runner, a poet, a pianist, a pet store owner, an astronaut, an environmental and humanitarian activist, a psychiatrist, a ballet teacher, and the first woman president.''' ,'''We are all born and someday we'll all die. Most likely to some degree alone. Our aloneness in this world is, maybe not anymore, a thing to mourn.''' ,'''I feel like I'm witnessing the systematic destruction of a people's ability to survive. It's horrifying.''' ,'''Maybe if people stopped thinking of themselves, and started thinking of the other sides of things, people wouldn't hurt each other.''' ,'''When I am an old woman, I will stop trying to look beautiful. I will quit wearing makeup and buying uncomfortable clothes because they look good. Maybe I will take up nudism.''' ,'''Sometimes I sit down to dinner with people and I realize there is a massive military machine surrounding us, trying to kill the people I'm having dinner with.''' ,'''I really value words. I really try to illustrate and let people draw their own conclusions.''' ,'''We are protecting civilians. We are unarmed. We are no threat to you. Please do not shoot.''' ,'''Follow your dreams, believe in yourself and don't give up.''' ,'''Death smells like homemade apple sauce as it cooks on the stove. It is not the strangling sense of illness. It is not fear. It is freedom.''' ,]
+++