+++
author = "Hilary Farr"
title = "Hilary Farr Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Hilary Farr Quotes"
keywords = "hilary farr,hilary farr quotes,hilary farr quote,hilary farr sayings,hilary farr saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's more energy-saving innovations in lighting. Smartphone and various devices hooked into the home can control the lights and mood.''' ,'''Many families are planning summer vacations and in Canada, camping is a very popular way to spend those long summer nights!''' ,'''A rug doesn't have to be pricey but for maximum oomph it must be sizeable and not stingy.''' ,'''What saved me from total academic failure and overwhelming ennui, was my love of libraries and all they encompass.''' ,'''Choose upholstery that makes a big statement with texture, colour and design to define the space and colour that demands attention. Peacock blue with creams and warm woods looks amazing!''' ,'''Choose paintings, sculptures, realistic or abstract or animal images woven into fabrics, rather than a faux zebra rug or a sullied Lion's head on the wall.''' ,'''I love fashion and I love interior design. There are times when the two worlds collide but more often than not, they go side by side in tandem.''' ,'''Crafting your own decorations is such a nice, old fashioned way to spend time with loved ones, creating memories each year when you bring out these keepsakes you made together.''' ,'''London imbued me with an appreciation of the beauty and value of history in general. As it has evolved and grown, the city has created iconic modern buildings that look perfect as they sit alongside ancient ones.''' ,'''Every single color has a base to it. You can have a taupe that has a green undertone, a taupe that has a gray undertone.''' ,'''Harris Tweed as been around since before the Industrial Revolution when it was a handmade cloth from the Outer Hebrides in Scotland.''' ,'''No one wants to move if they have a choice - it's a horrible experience. If I manage to address their issue, there's really no incentive to pack up and leave.''' ,'''Time slows down in libraries in a good way.''' ,'''Year after year, animal print, hides, fur, tusks et al find their way into the home as design elements in various spaces; not surprising, considering that the use of 'animalia' as decor in the home dates back centuries, when, to be fair, they didn't have the choice of faux and tended to eat the animals as well as enjoy their pelts.''' ,'''For a modern look, hang curtains from the ceiling with a very simple pleat at the top so they will hang straight.''' ,'''In a small powder room, the inclination is to go with a light wall color. My trick is to do the opposite - such as a patterned wallpaper or a deep color on the walls. It's more interesting and makes a design statement.''' ,'''Reupholstered furniture can look fabulous.''' ,'''Every year NYC hosts one of the world's most famous Easter Parade. Each year attendees and participants show up in their Sunday best and as tradition states, with Easter bonnets in tow.''' ,'''Great kitchens are a must-have. A place to relax and cook for friends and family. A gathering place for family of all ages and guests is a staple for me as well.''' ,'''I grew up wanting to be a ballet dancer.''' ,'''I grew up in England. My school coat was grey and white herringbone Harris tweed, and I hated it.''' ,'''If you absolutely must express yourself with the use of animal hide, fur, antlers etc., then at the very least make sure it has been harvested responsibly and humanely.''' ,'''I predict that you students who are burning out from the pressure to fix upon a career choice as early as possible and tailor your studies accordingly, will find relief for a few hours here and there in a great library.''' ,'''I was a rebellious student, called up in assembly almost every week for some misdemeanour, lots of time on the Headmistress's office for what must have been, in retrospect, annoying behaviour.''' ,'''So for anyone who is stumped by how to decorate their tree; Think of your own theme and see what inspiration you come up with. Anything goes!''' ,'''I love window dressings. They're a quick and easy way to make a room look more inviting and cozy.''' ,'''Most importantly, I strive for function above all in every house.''' ,'''Every Easter, at one household or another, I find a battle begins and the conversation of how to 'properly eat' a chocolate bunny.''' ,'''I have always loved Manhattan, the bright lights, the big city!''' ,'''The silver screen offers much in the way of over-the-top rom-coms, long lost love, saddening love stories and heart warming optimism that can spark feelings in anyone.''' ,'''When my, British-Church of England mother married my, Canadian-Jewish Father, the deal was that she would embrace Judaism, but wouldn't give up her Christmas tree. So, I grew up with Christmas every year. I loved it then and I love it now.''' ,'''My camping experiences have been miserable. Beginning with my mother sending us off for summer camping with Forest School Camps. I swear the tents were WW1 army surplus.''' ,'''I learned how to incorporate heirloom furniture, artwork and objects d'art to work with exciting new contemporary pieces.''' ,'''I happen to love creating handmade ornaments even when I mess up I still have fun.''' ,'''I love nature, I really do. I love the great outdoors, I love the concept of quiet, peaceful solitude shared only with the loons calling to each other across the water, and Bambi and Thumper in the forest, and a simple tent between me and the starry, starry sky.''' ,'''Attracting business to a city is of huge benefit for taxes, jobs, purchasing of homes and home goods.''' ,'''I believe in spending money to make your home the perfect sanctuary away from work and the stress of everyday life.''' ,'''The value of real estate to a city is huge. A community that is invested in making deep roots in an area creates a commitment to making their city the best it can be. It becomes a common bond.''' ,'''Easter egg hunts and parades are nothing new to any household or city, however nobody does it better then the Big Apple.''' ,'''I always encourage my young clients just starting to create a home, to buy at least one piece of investment furniture, or accessory, or piece of art each year rather than following a trend that will come along, be copied cheaply for the mass market and then be gone.''' ,'''My point is, to emulate dead animals and their parts as decoration is pretty disgusting, and as a design statement, it also fills me with ennui.''' ,'''When dressing a table take out your old pieces of silver, hand-me-down linens and old candelabras, it will make your meal that much more special.''' ,]
+++