+++
author = "Tansy Rayner Roberts"
title = "Tansy Rayner Roberts Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Tansy Rayner Roberts Quotes"
keywords = "tansy rayner roberts,tansy rayner roberts quotes,tansy rayner roberts quote,tansy rayner roberts sayings,tansy rayner roberts saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''History is imperfect and biased, and it always, always has omissions. The most common omissions are the bits that the writer of that history took for granted that his readers would know.''' ,'''History is more interesting than most people think.''' ,'''When I was thirteen years old, I didn't exactly discover epic fantasy on my own. I acquired it as a social defence mechanism.''' ,'''What do I want in a good fantasy book? Court politics and social interactions based around houses and cities. Powerful women and devious men. Drama and action with emotional ramifications. Frocks. Kissing. Swords. An intense impression of history in the world-building.''' ,'''One of the most interesting things about science fiction and fantasy is the way that the genres can offer different perspectives on matters to do with the body, the mind, medical technology, and the way we live our lives.''' ,'''History is not a long series of centuries in which men did all the interesting/important things and women stayed home and twiddled their thumbs in between pushing out babies, making soup and dying in childbirth.''' ,'''Issues to do with disability, mental health and not being neurotypical often affect many genuine teenagers but are rarely reflected in the fiction they read.''' ,'''Most historians and other writers of what we now consider 'primary sources' simply didn't think about women and their contribution to society. They took it for granted, except when that contribution or its lack directly affected men.''' ,]
+++