+++
author = "Torrey Smith"
title = "Torrey Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Torrey Smith Quotes"
keywords = "torrey smith,torrey smith quotes,torrey smith quote,torrey smith sayings,torrey smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''With the responsibility of being a professional athlete, I believe that it is on us to go out there and help people.''' ,'''I've been playing football forever, and I've been making plays forever.''' ,'''My teammates, they keep you focused.''' ,'''I don't want to be 50 years old and not know what's going on with my kids and my grandkids.''' ,'''I speak up when it's needed.''' ,'''I just talk just to talk. I like to see what other people think. There's some things somebody tweets me every day where I'm like, 'Wow, I never thought of this issue that way.' It starts great conversation with people who I would never get a chance to actually communicate with.''' ,'''Education is the most important thing you can have.''' ,'''Obviously, the goal is to maximize my own potential, whatever that may be. That's all I focus on.''' ,'''They don't draft you to sit there and stand on the sideline.''' ,'''I want to be known as a solid all-around receiver that's fast, not a fast guy that plays receiver.''' ,'''Some people, they feel like they have to change and try to go out and do this or do things for the cameras. I'm myself at all times, whether I'm at a grocery store or I'm speaking to a school. I want to be as levelheaded and down to earth as possible, because that's who I am.''' ,'''I'm a human just like anyone else. We all have our problems that we deal with on and off the field. I'm thankful to have a beautiful wife and child that can help ease those problems when you come home.''' ,'''I have values I believe in and certain things I stand for.''' ,'''My head is pretty small.''' ,'''I've got a single mother.''' ,'''In football, you're like brothers.''' ,'''Football is one of those games that definitely relates to life in a lot of ways. Everything can be going good, and just like that, you have a turnover. Things are going south, you're going the opposite direction. How are you going to recover from it? That's the beauty in this game.''' ,'''I'm just working hard because I know that's the way you can get things done. That's how I've been able to be successful.''' ,'''I never really had to deal with a death in the family, let alone my brother.''' ,'''I'm just a receiver. I don't want to be labeled as a deep-threat guy, which is always going to happen because I'm always going to be able to run past people until I'm slow. I watch some guys who are very good at being deep threats, but it's like people don't respect them doing anything else.''' ,'''Just take care of yourself and eat right.''' ,'''I feel like I'm just like anyone else. I just happen to play football, and obviously with that comes responsibility, but I love that.''' ,]
+++