+++
author = "Sophie Kennedy Clark"
title = "Sophie Kennedy Clark Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Sophie Kennedy Clark Quotes"
keywords = "sophie kennedy clark,sophie kennedy clark quotes,sophie kennedy clark quote,sophie kennedy clark sayings,sophie kennedy clark saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My mother is not a Catholic, but she's always tried to drag my brother and my sister and I to church from a very young age, and we have always put up a little bit of a rebellion against it.''' ,'''I believe there's a job in the fish factory for me. That's enough to get me through every audition.''' ,'''If you're not getting work, make your own work. I think that's a good mentality. I suppose I take my drive from my mother and my practicality from my father.''' ,'''It's not like they just open the gate to Hollywood and off you go - you earn your stripes. I worked ferociously hard even just to get an agent.''' ,'''I was a feral child. Always on the go. My mother used to sew bells into my dresses so they would know where I was.''' ,'''I tell stories. That's what I do. I've always told stories.''' ,'''I went through a phase where I wanted to be a writer... but it's not social enough.''' ,'''Auditioning for 'Philomena' was such a traumatic experience because I had three callbacks, and I was absolutely positive that I was just an option.''' ,'''I love Celtic music and listening to it, but I just don't have the type of voice to sing it.''' ,'''What I find relatively funny is that I'm not a model. I'm five foot six and a half; I have absolutely no dream or desire to be a model, I don't live for fashion. But when an opportunity comes your way very early in your career, like Burberry, you do it.''' ,'''In real life, I'm very rational, and I'm not very dramatic.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a nomad anyway, so I find it quite easy to settle in places very quickly.''' ,'''I can sing, but it isn't something I crave to do professionally.''' ,'''When I ask my parents, it's incredibly obvious I was going to have a creative career at an early age. I've been forever telling stories since I was very young.''' ,'''You've got to be dedicated and throw yourself into parts and auditions in a way that is completely selfless.''' ,'''My parents are a wonderful mixture of bohemian eccentric, but also incredibly practical and not airy-fairy.''' ,]
+++