+++
author = "Daryl Morey"
title = "Daryl Morey Quotes"
quotes_len = "64"
description = "the best 64 Daryl Morey Quotes"
keywords = "daryl morey,daryl morey quotes,daryl morey quote,daryl morey sayings,daryl morey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''James Harden changed my life. An entire page could be dedicated just to James. He not only transformed my life but also revolutionized the game of basketball - and continues to do so - like almost no one has before.''' ,'''My son the other day was looking and found a grey hair and started crying because he thought I was going to die. That's a true story. So I had to assure him that a couple grey hairs doesn't mean I'm going to die.''' ,'''It's very tough competition in the West. The Lakers deserve to be called the favorites.''' ,'''As far as I can tell, the baseball teams are run pretty darn well. I'm sure there's some better and worse, but I don't ever see a baseball team anymore and go, 'They're absolutely insane.'''' ,'''I strongly support organizations like the ACLU that defend basic freedoms and I have for a 25-plus years.''' ,'''If you had first pick in the all-free agent NBA draft, you'd take LeBron James.''' ,'''I think the key to winning a championship is get superstars who are great players.''' ,'''We have to care what our fans think sometimes.''' ,'''The only time being in the middle class hurts you is if you're in the middle class with players who are on bad contracts. If you're in the middle class and all your players are on good contracts then I don't think that's a problem.''' ,'''I believe in strong civil liberties and a government that intervenes if and only if there is a structural failure that private actions generally cannot solve.''' ,'''My goal is to win a championship, so whatever gets us there is what we'll do.''' ,'''The great players understand that you need to play with other great players to win the title.''' ,'''I think the uglier the playoff beard, the better though, right?''' ,'''The only time information is really an edge is if you either have more or you're using it better.''' ,'''One thing I've learned is that Brandon Roy is an unbelievable player.''' ,'''I just feel incredibly fortunate that I got the chance to be part of the Rockets organization all those years ago.''' ,'''The Lakers do this all the time. They overload the side the ball's on, and play zone on the weak side.''' ,'''I went to business school, because I thought that's where you had to go if you wanted to get rich.''' ,'''Thank you to Josh Harris for the trust he has placed in me to lead the 76ers. I am humbled by the challenge and will work tirelessly to win the hearts of Philadelphia's legendary fans.''' ,'''It would be very presumptive of me to think I could help an NFL team.''' ,'''We don't want to incent a guy to do things that hurt the team. They all maximize what they think they're being paid for.''' ,'''I used to get the question in Houston which was like 'What would you do if you had Shaq?' My answer was 'I would give Shaq the ball 100 times a game.'''' ,'''Isaiah Joe is not too complicated. He's just one of these elite shooters coming out of college.''' ,'''Almost no one is a career 28 percent shooter on open 3s.''' ,'''I think if you've got a guy who can create his own shot then you're better off than not.''' ,'''As only one team out of 30 gets to win, you cannot play it safe.''' ,'''Everyone 'watches Kobe when the Lakers play.''' ,'''The Rockets know we can't get too up with a 2-0 lead because we've had some struggles in the past with that.''' ,'''There's a lot of charming bigs. I don't know if it's like the fat kid on the playground or what.''' ,'''It's tough out there, but obviously I have a lot of great memories and a lot of pride for being a part of the Rockets organization.''' ,'''Originally, I think basketball is closer to hockey than baseball.''' ,'''Well, first of all the defensive three-seconds rule doesn't allow you to play a true zone like you would in international ball and college. Another key factor is training. It is a very different defense to coach, in a pure sense. Not many coaches in the NBA have focused on that, they're largely man-focused.''' ,'''I think the reality is that no one is any good at crunch time.''' ,'''If you have an intuition of something but no hard evidence to back it up, you might kind of sort of go about putting that intuition into practice, because there's still some uncertainty if it's right or wrong.''' ,'''We were trying to build the best team around our talents in Houston.''' ,'''Personally, many of my views are not in the mainstream as I am a centrist-libertarian.''' ,'''I did have that happen when I was with the Celtics once - I was there late and no one woke me up when I fell asleep in a chair. But at the Celtics they didn't like me as much, so they let me snooze away and made fun of me.''' ,'''Frankly, I've had the opportunity to get certain accolades, make it to the conference finals, get awards, all this other stuff that doesn't matter. I'm looking only on championship probability. I just feel like I haven't accomplished much unless I can somehow get that done.''' ,'''You don't want the second-most powerful government on Earth mad at you, if you can avoid it.''' ,'''I think the whole Rockets organization has done amazing things.''' ,'''Unfortunately, rim protection is really difficult these days with the rules that there are if a guy is getting downhill. It's very hard even if the center is back to handle that. You have to cut off penetration at the start with a strong perimeter and then get the rebound and get out and go.''' ,'''I'd love to be with the Rockets for life.''' ,'''There are lots of decisions, and also non-decisions, that go into this job. In the same way that it can be impossible to separate a coach from the players, it's also impossible to separate the GM from the coach from the players. You just have to ask: Is the GM helping the team have playoff success? Is he giving the team a chance to win the title?''' ,'''That always seemed the coolest thing to me. How do you use num'bers to predict things? It was like a cool way to use numbers to be better than other people. And I really liked being better than other people.''' ,'''I like clean answers.''' ,'''I didn't think the worlds of theater and basketball intersected. I thought the Venn diagram would be one person: me. As it turns out, there are a few of us.''' ,'''If there's a great opportunity, obviously we're going to do it early. But the main thing is, you want to do great moves when they are available. But often the best move is not a move that is done right away.''' ,'''My son is 14. He watches these 'let's play' videos, people playing other in video games. At first, I was bothered by it, I didn't get it, but at the end of the day, if you go back when I was a kid, I watched much worse. These videos are more entertaining and more interesting than the bad '80s TV.''' ,'''I could use a Chris Matthews-level speech writer to script everything I say. That would be good.''' ,'''I think the best way to win in the NBA is to take your talent and figure out how to utilize them the best.''' ,'''I think Houston is a city players love to play for, love to play in.''' ,'''The Mavericks are a smart organization.''' ,'''Yeah, I definitely tend towards dry, sarcastic British humor. I actually aspire to be British - I'm pasty white as well.''' ,'''Everything in life is about habits. Nothing resolved in a single day really matters at all. So I don't do resolutions at all.''' ,'''But I leave the arena late in games specifically because I don't want anyone to see my psychology.''' ,'''Someday, I want to live in New York and just go to shows.''' ,'''I didn't have, like, any way to penetrate organized sports. So I decided at that point that I had to be rich. If I was rich I could just buy a team and run it.''' ,'''If the money's equal between the Rockets and Mavericks, I think players are picking Houston. Every time.''' ,'''Ultimately you want to optimize championship probability over some window. But if you literally take that to the logical extreme, you would be doing crazy stuff.''' ,'''I think the more wins you have, it shows that your players are more talented so it opens up your ability to upgrade the team if necessary.''' ,'''I'm very logical.''' ,'''Most players are like golfers. You don't want them swinging while they're thinking.''' ,'''To me, when I was a kid, we watched terrible network TV because it was all we had. We watched 'The A-Team' and 'Knight Rider.'''' ,'''During trade deadline, we pretty much tell every player, look, there's lots of names, lots of everything for every player in the league. So it's best to tune it out because every team's job is to explore things and you don't like when things get out, but it's silly to kill or accentuate rumors during deadline week.''' ,]
+++