+++
author = "Peter Molyneux"
title = "Peter Molyneux Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Peter Molyneux Quotes"
keywords = "peter molyneux,peter molyneux quotes,peter molyneux quote,peter molyneux sayings,peter molyneux saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just feel that in today's world, where you've got computer games of all types - through Facebook, Android and Apple, for example - you put them all together and it's an incredibly important force in all the world.''' ,'''When you're external to a publisher, most independent developers live on paranoia. The mainstay of every day is paranoia - every indie company believes their publisher in some way has these Machiavellian plans that will cause disaster for the game and the studio.''' ,'''People like Markus Persson who did Minecraft, he's a fantastic person to talk to, and I think Minecraft is a complete work of genius.''' ,'''The major change was going from 'Black and White' to 'Fable,' because I was no longer programming, and I had spent most of my time designing through programming, and only working with people I knew well.''' ,'''Having people disappointed with a game I've been working on, and my team has been working on, is one of the things that motivates me to make a better game.''' ,'''With 'Black and White' we laid down the canvas for what's possible in 'Black and White' 2 and 3. We gave you a creature that you could nurture and build up and we focused an awful lot on that creature with the add-on disc.''' ,'''I do miss talking in the press, I miss meeting journalists at shows and stuff but maybe that's more out of habit than anything?''' ,'''You don't do hero films about old men. They smell of wee, don't they?''' ,'''The biggest was me running Lionhead at its peak. That was about 305 people. I'd say that was, for me as a creative, one of the most hellish times of my life. Normally running a team is like herding cats. This was like herding the entire African plains.''' ,'''I think that games like 'Braid' show us that the 'new kids on the block' can do some really inventive, smart things with a genre like the side-scrolling platformer that has been around for 25 years. It's proof that people can 'come up' and surprise us all the time.''' ,'''Why should the televised stuff be only about pro gamers? For me it's more fascinating to see who's going to be the next god of gods than watching some pro gamer.''' ,'''I remembered a long time ago, Kit Williams hid a golden hare somewhere in Britain and wrote a book which was layered with clues about where the it was. This really fired my imagination, I read the book and it was way too cryptic for me to understand, but it seemed to fascinated people - it even got on the news.''' ,'''I am so honoured to be a part of the games industry, but I understand that people are sick of hearing my voice and hearing my promises. So I'm going to stop doing press and I'm going to stop talking about games completely.''' ,'''With 'Godus,' we did Steam Early Access, Android, and iOS. It was quite a rocky road going through all those hoops.''' ,''''The Trail' on PC is far more challenging by nature. The flow of the game is completely changed, because I think that's what the audience enjoys.''' ,'''I think that PC gaming is as healthy as it's ever been. I think there's probably more people playing games on their PCs, I just don't think they're gamers.''' ,'''Mystery and curiosity are real motivators.''' ,'''People get so frustrated with me, so much so that they've threatened me, they've threatened my family and it just cannot go on, it really can't.''' ,'''In 'Fable 1,' the number of features was more important to me than what the features did. And as a games designer I've come to realize that it's not the number of features you have, it's the way that those features interact.''' ,'''You don't meet computer game characters when you use a controller. You control computer game characters.''' ,'''When people reach age 12-14, they become obsessed with evil. The percentage of people who are good versus evil becomes reversed. It's part of the way that teens' minds are being reordered - it's just a developmental stage.''' ,'''There are women who find nice people attractive... I've never met them.''' ,'''What we found while making Milo, is that part of the skill of designing this whole new experience is in making people comfortable with the fact that they can be seen.''' ,'''In the original 'Fable,' Albion was kind of run by heroes and heroes were the thing, and there weren't any lords or kings, there were just heroes, and greater and greater heroes.''' ,'''What the press hasn't realized is that I'm just a big kid showing off, and you've got to treat me like that. You know, you don't make big kids accountable.''' ,'''I love the mouse, I love designing games for a mouse-based system. I think it's still a way of playing games which, you know, everyone's really excited about the Wii and all that, but for me, the mouse is for the PC an awful lot what that pointing device did for the Wii.''' ,'''The whole point here, and the seed that JJ Abrams laid in my mind is, is the power of curiosity enough? What happens next? That dramatic construct is what has driven soap operas and serialised novels over the course of history.''' ,'''The thing about 'Fable' is that it was such a rich world. It was, well, what the name says it is. It's all about Fable and Albion and this idea of legends and humor.''' ,'''We experimented with different monetization techniques in 'Godus.' We had some events that you could go on which were time-limited. That didn't work terribly well.''' ,'''I love strategy games, but a lot are very techy, and they don't really give you any human side of what strategy really is.''' ,'''I don't question the omnipotence of belief.''' ,'''I've been in the industry doing games since the BBC Micro, the Acorn Atom, the Commodore 64.''' ,'''Innovation, surprising people and creating a sense of wonder is what consumers want.''' ,'''Some of the most beautiful scenes I've ever seen in a game has been in 'Minecraft.'''' ,'''We've got plans for 'Fable' III, IV, and V. It's a big story arc, and if you play Fable II, you'll recognize things from 'Fable I.'''' ,'''I think that with any act of creation, you can't ever be satisfied. There's always more that you feel you should have done.''' ,'''There's a lot of pressure to release a game early. In Syndicate's case there was a lot of pressure from us on distributors Electronics Arts to release it in March '93, and I said no.''' ,'''Things like engine technology used to be hugely restrictive. You couldn't have more than one baddie on screen, you couldn't have more than three arrows firing at once. Now, you can say, 'I want 20 monsters, and 30 weapons,' and there isn't a technical string attached.''' ,'''I'm looking forward to 'LittleBigPlanet.' I think Media Molecule are doing fantastic work on giving people the tools to create some amazing stuff. I can hardly wait to play it.''' ,'''I just think the days of me doing press and getting excited about games before they're done is over. That's not how the world works anymore.''' ,'''I think the charm of 'Fable' was in the feeling of the world and definitely the humor.''' ,'''I love my games and I love sharing them with people. It's this amazing incredible thing I get to do with my life, creating ideas and sharing them with people. The problem is, it just hasn't worked.''' ,'''As a designer, as you get used to Kinect, it's such a different experience for me as a designer - for any designer.''' ,'''We had this terrible thing, this awful thing with 'Black and White' happened, where the design of 'Black and White' was actually... was hijacked by the fan sites. Because what happened is, there were so many fan sites on 'Black and White,' the hype on 'Black and White' was just ridiculously huge. It was completely out of our control.''' ,'''There are going to be some real surprises in 'Fable 2.'''' ,'''I'd love Bullfrog to be like it was when we did 'Populous,' with eight of us all together in the same room, but you can't stay that way. You'd die.''' ,'''I think the first thing is that if you're going to make a game which is accessible and which draws people in, you've got to start from the beginning.''' ,'''For me, going back to 'Fable' is a terrible experience. I look at it and at best I would call it fractured.''' ,'''The temptation, when you go into Kickstarter, is that the first three days are wonderful, and you believe you're a god. You go in your spreadsheet and think, 'If every day's like day one, we're going to have suitcases of money arriving at the front door.' Then, it dips into this slump.''' ,'''Derren Brown doesn't really predict the lottery numbers. But there is an enormous amount of entertainment in there.''' ,'''Well, the most incredible thing about 'Fable' is the fact that there are lots of examples where people play the game in a certain way and things happen that were never designed to happen.''' ,'''The Fable story hinted at a dramatic time before 'Fable 1' when the Guild was founded, this would be a perfect setting for 'Fable 4.'''' ,'''If I really really like you, and I really tell you I think you're fantastic, you're much more likely to like me. I think that's human emotion.''' ,'''You don't often talk about the cultural significance of video games in places like China and Korea, but it's a huge part of culture throughout the world, and very, very accessible too. Now that you don't have to be locked away in your bedroom to play them, it's gaming everywhere.''' ,'''Well, I'm always a bit harsh about the things I'm doing.''' ,'''The new Peter Molyneux has been born that never ever promises things but always ever shows it.''' ,'''I think people were worried I was going to walk away from 'Godus' and call it a day.''' ,'''That's what my objective was, to reinvent myself from a console designer to starting a new business and embracing multi-platform, relearning the skills necessary to make successful games. It's been an amazing journey.''' ,'''When a society is really successful like America, throughout history there's been this trend for those societies to be obsessed about end of the world scenarios. You know, about meteorites and plagues and destroying things. And you can see that in the American fiction.''' ,'''In a way, I love being inspired by the production quality that TV and film have got - there's no question about the amount of skill they use to entertain us.''' ,'''The dream of Bullfrog is that everybody is employed for their creativity rather than their particular skill.''' ,'''I think it's fantastic that people still remember Fable, and some of them are really passionate about it.''' ,'''The horrible truth is that if you end up giving my wife more money than I've given her, she's more likely to find you attractive.''' ,'''If you don't think of yourself as being someone who needs to go back to school, needs to reinvent yourself, then you're not able to do the thing you're passionate about. That's to create and invent and innovate.''' ,'''The important thing is authoring a game for an audience that will enjoy the experience. That's a tough thing to do.''' ,'''I play computer games every day of my life.''' ,'''Absolutely not every idea is anywhere near mine at Lionhead. It's a real collaborative effort.''' ,'''Don't recreate something that's already been created and is good. You want to have an idea, think of different idea. Don't think of someone else's idea.''' ,'''Over the years you just pick up inspiration and ideas bubble away in my mind.''' ,'''I'd love personally... this is not an announcement at all, but I would love to see 'Fable 2' on the PC.''' ,'''You know, if you look at a lot of the hit games from America, they are about end of the world scenarios.''' ,'''I think if you try to force a personality on a world then I think you're destined to fail.''' ,'''I play role-playing games, and I love the concept of leveling up.''' ,'''I'll always love the time I spent making 'Black and White.'''' ,'''Belief in a religion is the perfect way to control groups of people.''' ,'''Consumers don't give a damn about what device they're playing on. They just want to play it everywhere. They want to be playing on the console and then take it off to the bus.''' ,'''There was a whole sequence of concept art about a 'Fable' set in a kind of steampunk Victoriana age.''' ,'''That's what 'The Trail' ended up being, this delightful way of exploring and managing your backpack and crafting and collecting and trading with other players, doing all that in this really delicious way. When we finished that and released it on iOS and Android, tens of millions of people loved and enjoyed it.''' ,'''To see somebody create something from nothing is incredibly impressive.''' ,'''It was an amazing thing to see how Bowerstone, the capital of 'Fable,' progressed. It went from, in 'Fable 1,' to just 20 houses and then in 'Fable 3' it felt like a city that had districts. You could see that sense of progression in it.''' ,'''I'm not a PR person. All I am is a designer.''' ,'''Steam is probably the easiest to release on.''' ,'''Bizarrely, a lot of the innovations in free-to-play are coming out of the PC space rather than the mobile space.''' ,'''As game designers, we often assume people are playing from start to finish, and they're never going to walk away from it. But people are doing that.''' ,'''RPGs are great for MMO transitions.''' ,'''I love working on games, it is my life.''' ,'''In 'Fable III' we have taken away the experience system.''' ,'''When EA acquired Bullfrog there were, like, 35 people, and within nine months there were 200. And any feeling of culture and inventiveness was diluted by that.''' ,'''Imagine if you're playing at home and your girlfriend is badgering you all the time not to play. Wouldn't it be great to have a game you could play with her? Because then you can carry on playing the game and not get beaten up for it.''' ,'''Some games work well as straight patches, but 'The Trail' wasn't one of those.''' ,'''You know, the health bar in 'Fable III' was destined to be this pixel-high line at the top left-hand side of the screen. No one was looking at it! No one even knew it was there!''' ,'''I felt that the moral side of 'Black and White' was slightly confused. That's why I want the world to be in turmoil.''' ,''''X Factor' isn't just about internationally recognized singers, it's about all the rest of us. There's a human interest story there.''' ,'''You know, Kinect... I'll be honest with you. It was a disaster.''' ,'''I think, for me, it's very simple with the Xbox; I just want the ultimate gaming console.''' ,'''When we transitioned from the PC to the console with 'Fable,' it took us five years to do that. And that's just going from a mouse to a controller.''' ,'''With 'Black and White 2,' I want to put it in a setting where you're actually using the creature. I want the little people within the land not to just be a resource but actually be in conflict and fighting and battling against each other.''' ,'''I'd been away for about 10 days, and literally the first thing I did, even though it sounds very... it just shows you what a boring person I actually am, because the first thing I did was kiss my wife and hug my kid, then I turned on 'Fable 2' just to see how much gold I'd accrued over 10 days.''' ,]
+++