+++
author = "Shirley Henderson"
title = "Shirley Henderson Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Shirley Henderson Quotes"
keywords = "shirley henderson,shirley henderson quotes,shirley henderson quote,shirley henderson sayings,shirley henderson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Filming is long - you get very tired, and your skin breaks out and you get lumps and bumps. It's easier if you're allowed to have bags under your eyes.''' ,'''Children don't just play any more - they're far too busy learning to fence and taking extra French classes. In the end, you're actually doing more damage to your children by trying to hot-house them. It's far better to remain a calm parent.''' ,'''I'm always nervous taking on a period role because it's difficult to research - you can't observe it, go out and see it. But it's satisfying because eventually you think, 'I got there.'''' ,'''It's odd, because I used to see pictures, on telly or wherever, of what I now know to be Shaftesbury Avenue and I used to wonder what that amazing street with all the lights was. Well, now I know. I think when you get a wee taste of something, it maybe isn't what you thought it was.''' ,'''I don't know what I'd do if I had to look pretty all the time.''' ,'''When I'm doing theatre, I feel like my life's on hold. Even though you might go out for a coffee, or go and see a film, your brain is still there, pulling you back to it.''' ,'''You suddenly find yourself somewhere and you wonder, how did I get in this room? That happens to me all the time, every day!''' ,'''American scripts are usually non-stop conversation. People talking over each other. I like that.''' ,'''I spend plenty of time in London and it doesn't scare me, but it's a lonely place, even if you've got friends there. My job takes me all around the world, meeting lots of interesting people. But I think if I couldn't get home, if I couldn't get back to what I consider my real life I'd be frightened.''' ,'''I don't have children, but we all want to protect whatever we love in life.''' ,'''I'm not going to get an Oscar at 30 - that's done. So I'll think of something else.''' ,'''I like doom and gloom with a sense of humour. Maybe it's a Scottish thing, we like to undercut indulgence with a laugh.''' ,'''I never get the tall, blonde, glamorous roles because I'm not tall, blonde and glamorous. I'm more the wee, disturbing characters because of the way I look or sound.''' ,'''There is such pressure on kids these days to be the best at everything.''' ,'''I wasn't frightened of people, but I didn't have a clue about the adult world.''' ,'''It's such a stress always trying to get bigger houses and larger cars and better schools. Of course, parents want to give their children the best opportunities in life, but sometimes that can stifle them.''' ,'''I daydream all the time, and I like that quality.''' ,'''Youth makes you brave, I suppose. When you're young, you make a fool of yourself all the time. Because of all the rejections and the criticism you get all the time, there has to be a drive there.''' ,]
+++