+++
author = "Bryce Harper"
title = "Bryce Harper Quotes"
quotes_len = "48"
description = "the best 48 Bryce Harper Quotes"
keywords = "bryce harper,bryce harper quotes,bryce harper quote,bryce harper sayings,bryce harper saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I eat ice cream all the time.''' ,'''People say, 'Weren't you deprived of your childhood?' No way. I would not take anything back at all. Everything about it was great. I got to go places, meet people, play baseball against older kids and better competition. I had a great time.''' ,'''I think I play center field better than I do anywhere else. I have enough speed and enough reaction to know where the ball goes off the bat.''' ,'''Sleep is huge. That's your biggest way of recovering. In baseball, it's such a hard sleep schedule during the season, but you try to do the best you can. Because you can take all the protein drinks, you can do all these things, but your recovery is your sleep.''' ,'''Spirituality is something that makes you who you are on and off the field. It's something you try and live by. The way you play is one thing, but the way you act is a little different. You're just trying to be a good person, the best you can be, on and off the field.''' ,'''I love to train. Always have.''' ,'''Staying healthy puts good numbers up. If you stay healthy and try to do the things that you can to win ballgames and do what you can for your team, that's all that matters.''' ,'''I like eating the right way, doing things the right way. I never had to have my dad come and say, 'Hey, you have to get back to the gym' or, 'Hey, you're eating wrong.'''' ,'''I want to play the game hard. I want to ram it down your throat, put you into left field when I'm going into second base.''' ,'''I'm not trying to fit in with nobody. I'm just me.''' ,'''I expect perfection from myself.''' ,'''I want to get my eight hours and be able to eat good meals and not be sluggish or anything like that. My body is my temple, and I've always thought that.''' ,'''I'd rather be a good person off the field than a good baseball player on the field.''' ,'''I hate BYU. There are a lot of Mormons that don't like BYU.''' ,'''Baseball needs more superstars.''' ,'''I love being around my family.''' ,'''D.C. fans, I think, are so good. They just come up to me, and they're so nice and so polite and just, 'Hey, I hope you have a great career,' and 'How are you doing, everything's good?' That's pretty much where they leave it at.''' ,'''Seriously, it takes me, like, 30 minutes to do my hair before a game.''' ,'''I can't just go to McDonald's after I'm done working out. I'm going to treat my body like it's the only body I'm ever going to have. I'm going to make sure it's strong and it's good. I'm really going to work hard every single day.''' ,'''I love the way people talk crap. I hear it all the time. 'Overrated.' 'You suck.' I'll just do something to shut them up, like, 'I'll show you.'''' ,'''My dad, he worked rebar, an ironworker. Watching my pops get up every single morning, going into work, working hard - I think that really made me want to work that hard, wanted to make me get up early and go for a run or get a lift in or get some extra hitting in and really try to better myself every day.''' ,'''The full thing is God-given. I don't know how I got my swing or what I did. I know I worked every single day. I know I did as much as I could with my dad. But I never really looked at anything mechanical. There was nothing really like, 'Oh, put your hands here.' It was, 'Where are you comfortable? You're comfortable here; hit from there.'''' ,'''If you don't have dreams, you don't have a life.''' ,'''I don't want everybody to just see the baseball side of me.''' ,'''It's not like I'm out eating McDonald's and Del Taco every night. I eat good: my mom fixes dinner every single night - baked chicken, fish - she cooks a great meal every single night.''' ,'''My body feels pretty unbelievable.''' ,'''I wish my abs were a little bit better. God gave me a great body, but I think my abs could be better than they are.''' ,'''When I hit the ball, I do want to hurt it.''' ,'''I've always talked to the media. I'm pretty respectful to the media.''' ,'''When you hit a three-run triple, do you really need to get on third base, or do you need to stand on the double? You gotta be as smart as you can.''' ,'''I want to get on base every single time I get up there. Whether it's a walk or a base hit, I really don't care how I want to get on base. I just want to be on.''' ,'''I was probably 12 or 13 when I started doing pushups, situps, dips.''' ,'''It's funny to me because everyone says I'm injury prone. That's hilarious to me because I've never blown a hammy or a shoulder or anything like that, knock on wood.''' ,'''I really want to have a possibility of going into the Hall of Fame one day. I think that's huge with a lot of baseball writers and old school guys. Of course, that's not the main goal - the main goal is winning a World Series. Hall of Fame is so far away. It's just something I've always thought about doing. I want to be as clean as I can.''' ,'''I put more pressure on myself than anybody in this world.''' ,'''I can squat 405. I'm proud of that - that's one of my favorites.''' ,'''You don't ever want to go out there and not be the best. You want to be the best cop that you can. Be the best writer you can be. Everybody has their goals. Everybody has their dreams.''' ,'''I love working hard; I think people know that.''' ,'''Playing football, I'm getting chills just thinking about it. That first knock of the game, you are going on kickoff, and you are just trying to smack somebody just as hard as you can. That's how I play baseball. I want to hit you.''' ,'''Baseball players have such a bad rap of, like, 'We don't work out or we're not strong or this or that.' Guys work so hard in baseball, it's incredible. But people don't know that.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a major-league baseball player.''' ,'''I think you have to be respectful to the people who want to talk to you.''' ,'''If I had to describe myself in one word, 'Hercules.'''' ,'''I went to school, but nobody really noticed me. I just came to school, didn't dress up or anything - just a ghost. I just worked out and went out to the field and went the baseball route. That's how I've always been my whole life.''' ,'''I want my teammates to know I have their backs.''' ,'''There's nobody as sexy as Robinson Cano in the box. I had a coach, Chris Sheff, who always told me to be as sexy as you can in the box.''' ,'''I know more about UFC than the wrestling circuit. I think everybody's a pretty good guy in the UFC.''' ,'''I don't wish that I was playing football. I love baseball, and the way I play is like it's my last day ever playing it. I do like football, but you've got to respect that it's not like baseball.''' ,]
+++