+++
author = "Natalie Wood"
title = "Natalie Wood Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Natalie Wood Quotes"
keywords = "natalie wood,natalie wood quotes,natalie wood quote,natalie wood sayings,natalie wood saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''At night, when the sky is full of stars and the sea is still you get the wonderful sensation that you are floating in space.''' ,'''The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.''' ,'''My mother used to tell me, No matter what they ask you, always say yes. You can learn later.''' ,'''From ages 10 to 12 or so, I barely remember anything.''' ,'''When I get married it will be for keeps.''' ,'''We all wanted to copy Vivien Leigh.''' ,'''I didn't know who the hell I was. I was whoever they wanted me to be.''' ,'''Warren and I are friends, but working with him had been difficult.''' ,'''We were descended from royalty.''' ,'''The constant attention is what is so difficult.''' ,'''I never saw film stars at home. We had no maid, no cook, no swimming pool.''' ,'''I was so young, and making movies, going to the studio every morning at dawn was magic.''' ,'''I'm just going to have to grow old, because I'm too terrified to have anything done.''' ,'''I couldn't even go to the bathroom alone. My mother or a social worker always went with me.''' ,'''I thought it was a wonderful line - right on the cutting room floor.''' ,'''Not even analysis, by itself, can transform you. You must still do the changing yourself.''' ,'''I was so overprotected, I used to think I was as delicate as people said I was.''' ,'''Sometimes when I visit my sister and her two children, I wonder if she missed a lot by getting married. Right now, nothing could be further from my mind than getting married.''' ,'''I saw my parents as gods whose every wish must be obeyed or I would suffer the penalty of anguish and guilt.''' ,'''A lot changed when I had Natasha. I'm a survivor.''' ,'''My friends seem much more excited about my doing Anastasia than Brainstorm... and to tell you the truth, I feel the same way.''' ,'''If I didn't believe in what I'm doing, I'd rather go to work in a dime store.''' ,'''Today's films are so technological that an actor becomes starved for roles that deal with human relationships.''' ,'''I'm not very bright about money. I'm not domestic either. If I don't learn how to cook, maybe I won't have to.''' ,'''I didn't like children. I didn't think of myself as a child. I didn't like any of the things other children were interested in.''' ,'''There are certain stars who are not actors. I don't want to be that type.''' ,'''I never knew motherhood could be so truly gratifying until I had Natasha.''' ,'''For the first time I feel an inner emotional security. There is reality and dependability. My life revolves around Richard and the baby.''' ,'''I've been terrified of the water, and yet it seems I'm forced to go into in on every movie that I make.''' ,'''Stardom is only a by-product of acting. I don't think being a movie star is a good enough reason for existing.''' ,'''The times that I have done something that I didn't respond to emotionally right away, it's generally not worked out too well.''' ,'''Almost every girl falls in love with the wrong man, I suppose it's part of growing up.''' ,]
+++