+++
author = "Diane Von Furstenberg"
title = "Diane Von Furstenberg Quotes"
quotes_len = "103"
description = "the best 103 Diane Von Furstenberg Quotes"
keywords = "diane von furstenberg,diane von furstenberg quotes,diane von furstenberg quote,diane von furstenberg sayings,diane von furstenberg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My biggest vice is playing solitaire on my iPad. It's bad. I mean, it's ridiculous.''' ,'''I believe that all women should have children. I think women are made to have children and to be mothers. I also think women have to have an identity outside the home.''' ,'''I have always been attracted to clothes designed by women. Coco Chanel, Vionnet, Norma Kamali, Donna Karan. They have a little more - how do I put it? - understanding.''' ,'''There's design, and there's art. Good design is total harmony. There's no better designer than nature - if you look at a branch or a leaf, it's perfect. It's all function. Art is different. It's about emotion. It's about suffering and beauty - but mostly suffering!''' ,'''The important thing is to take your time and not get stressed.''' ,'''I'm not someone who calculates things.''' ,'''I had arranged a birthday party for him and my children, who are all Aquarians. Instead, we got married. I ran out of excuses. It was just us and my children.''' ,'''I never like to think that I design for a particular person. I design for the woman I wanted to be, the woman I used to be, and - to some degree - the woman I'm still a little piece of.''' ,'''I wanted to be an empowered woman, and I became an empowered woman. And now I want to empower every woman. And I do it through my clothes, I do it through my words, I do it through my money, I do it through everything.''' ,'''My mother said that we're so lucky to be women. It's not that men are weak. Men are men. We're two completely different animals.''' ,'''Fashion Week is so important for designers.''' ,'''I was a very young girl and I got into fashion very much by accident, wanting to be independent. What was wonderful was that while I was learning and discovering - learning about the work, discovering myself as a woman - I was allowing other women to feel the same way.''' ,'''Women inspire me... so I enjoy women's stories and biographies. I am interested in all women.''' ,'''You need, in your closet, clothes that will - that you can use in many different ways. Clothes that make you fell comfortable, clothes that make you feel 'you.'''' ,'''What I think I sell with my clothes is confidence, so hopefully all my dresses, my accessories, are friends to the women. When you open the closet, and your eyes are swollen, and you don't like the way you look, you go to your friends.''' ,'''Fashion can be this mysterious thing that you can't explain.''' ,'''I am almost a vegetarian, and I meditate, do yoga and love to hike.''' ,'''I've always liked wrinkles. When I was a young girl, I used to make lines on my face with my nails because I loved Jeanne Moreau. I always wanted to be older; I always added years to my life. For the longest time, if people thought I was older, I would take it as a compliment.''' ,'''Harbour Island in the Bahamas is beautiful, with turquoise water and pink sand.''' ,'''Go to a place where you're not going to be stressed, because a honeymoon itself can be a stressful thing.''' ,'''I obviously don't feel under pressure to look young, because I have had no Botox or surgery. I don't judge people who choose to have it, but I don't want to erase who I am.''' ,'''I can honestly say that I understand women very well. If you understand yourself, you understand women, because, in the end, all women are the same.''' ,'''The real story is that I am very free, that I've managed to be who I wanted to be without compromising.''' ,'''My best friend is me, and I take good care of me.''' ,'''My clothes are great for a honeymoon: They're light and sexy, colorful and pretty, and not expensive.''' ,'''A challenging economy is always good for design. It unites necessity and functionality. You are forced to be creative with poor materials.''' ,'''Fashion is mysterious, as a rule. Why are blue jeans a classic? You just hit on something that happens to be timeless and right.''' ,'''If you like trekking, go to the Himalayas or Peru. I love those kinds of trips. But it all depends on your own life and what you like and what you expect.''' ,'''The fashion industry has a responsibility to represent a healthy image of women, but to start weighing them and putting them against a wall and making them feel like animals? No.''' ,'''Work and children I could have. But the husband was just too much.''' ,'''As the president of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, I represent the designers. And while we can by no means take the blame for eating disorders, we can play our part in addressing this important issue.''' ,'''All I can tell you is that I've never met a woman who is not strong, but sometimes they don't let it out. Then there's a tragedy, and then all of a sudden that strength comes. My message is let the strength come out before the tragedy.''' ,'''Usually, the fairy tale ends with the girl marrying the prince. But mine started as soon as the marriage was over.''' ,'''I was 26 when I invented the wrap dress. It was just a nothing little printed dress made out an jersey, and before I know it, I lived an American Dream making more than 25,000 dresses a week.''' ,'''When I was a little girl, if I didn't eat my soup, my mother would say, 'You have to think of all the Chinese children who have nothing to eat.' But now, for my children, Chinese people make everything, and for my grandchildren, they buy everything.''' ,'''The older I get, the more impressed I am with women. I have yet to meet a woman who is not strong. They don't exist.''' ,'''I am not allowed to be afraid. My mother made me like that. As a child, if I was afraid of the dark, she would lock me in the closet. Things like this. And she would talk about the time she spent in the concentration camp, but not about being afraid, only about the good side of it.''' ,'''All women are the same, really: They are strong, but they are afraid of their own strength.''' ,'''I travel light. I think the most important thing is to be in a good mood and enjoy life, wherever you are.''' ,'''I was terrified the first time that I had a big problem in my business. I was obviously terrified when they diagnosed me with cancer in 1994. I was terrified when my son used to drive too fast. But I do believe in the fact that fear is not an option, so I always try to face it and not be afraid.''' ,'''Do I believe in reincarnation? Well, let's say that I believe in karma. I think you make your own karma.''' ,'''I'm not tired of who I am. That would be sad!''' ,'''I used to be very insecure about my curly hair, because I lived in a country where everybody had blonde straight hair.''' ,'''The Chinese consumer is everybody. It's very simple.''' ,'''I'm all about empowering women. And by lining them up against the wall and weighing them, surely you are making them feel more like meat than ever - even if it's little meat, if you know what I mean.''' ,'''The most important relationship you have in life is the one you have with yourself. And then after that, I'd say once you have that, it may be hard work, but you can actually design your life.''' ,'''I wanted to be an independent woman, a woman who could pay for her bills, a woman who could run her own life - and I became that woman.''' ,'''We need to encourage designers and agencies to be responsible. We need to make sure everyone is sensitive to the issues. But to calculate the girls' body mass - I personally think it is demeaning.''' ,'''I am a fast dresser, 30 minutes max with hair and makeup. I don't have a uniform, but I like to be comfortable.''' ,'''I've always been inspired by women, and my mission was to inspire women. I always wanted to become a certain kind of woman, and I became that woman through fashion. It was a dialogue. I would see that the wrap dress made those women confident, and made them act with confidence.''' ,'''When you get into a hotel room, you lock the door, and you know there is a secrecy, there is a luxury, there is fantasy. There is comfort. There is reassurance.''' ,'''Simplicity and sexiness, that's what people want. At a price that's not outrageous.''' ,'''I design for the woman who loves being a woman.''' ,'''Eighteen months before I was born, my mother was in Auschwitz. She weighed 49 pounds. She always told me that God saved her so she could give me life. I was born out of nothing.''' ,'''Bali and the Aman resorts are all very luxurious, great places to go.''' ,'''I think all races are represented in America much more than in many other places, but it's also nice to remind people about that ethnic mix. I would like to see more black models and women from different ethnic backgrounds, but I also think that when you are casting, you just choose the most beautiful girl you can find.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a femme fatale. Even when I was a young girl, I never really wanted to be a girl. I wanted to be a woman.''' ,'''I'm not the only one; most people's mothers are the most influential person in their life. But my mother survived the camps, and she was very strong. She made me strong, but she wanted me to be strong. That's more important.''' ,'''There are emerging countries. I mean, there are countries, you know, China, India, and Brazil, and all of these countries that are emerging. They are building homes. They are building - so there is a new lifestyle.''' ,'''When I was young, I lived like an old woman, and when I got old, I had to live like a young person.''' ,'''I don't like to talk about my dreams. I like to make them happen. I prefer to talk about them when they're done.''' ,'''I was born in Belgium. I went to school in England and in Switzerland, then I came to America, so I really feel like I am a citizen of the world.''' ,'''I never modeled myself after anyone. The person who had most influence on me was my mother, but it was really for her strength and courage more than her style, even though she had a lot of style. In a weird way, looking at pictures of me when I was 17 or 18, I was dressing the same way. I haven't changed very much.''' ,'''I never knew what I wanted to do, but I knew the kind of woman I wanted to be.''' ,'''I had good legs, and I loved showing them off.''' ,'''I communicate mostly via e-mail and receive hundreds of e-mails a day.''' ,'''I was lucky enough to have it all. To be successful in business, to have children, to raise them on my own, and to travel and live my life. It was a lot of work, but it's a privilege to have been able to do it.''' ,'''I always was fascinated with China, because I was born in Europe, and for us, China had this fascination and mystery. The first time I came here was in 1989. They were on bicycles, and the speed of the growth has been incredible.''' ,'''What's important to me is to share, and being inspired, and inspiring.''' ,'''My favorite days are the ones where I deal only with my own team, design, marketing, working on the next accessories collection.''' ,'''The wrap dress is the most traditional form of dressing: It's like a robe, it's like a kimono, it's like a toga. It doesn't have buttons or zippers. What made it different was that it was jersey; therefore, it was close to the body and it was a print.''' ,'''I've been working seriously in giving fashion a place that it deserves.''' ,'''The iPad! What is better designed than that? I read magazines on it, I play Scrabble. I use it for everything.''' ,'''My son loves the Hotel du Cap, in the south of France.''' ,'''My mother never, ever told me about evilness. She only saw the beautiful things... she wanted to protect me from it.''' ,'''The way I design generally is very much travel-oriented because that is my life. That's why I make clothes that are so light and so easy to pack and a little bit seasonless.''' ,'''I am a traveler. I am a nomad. I rarely sleep in the same bed more than three or four nights. And I know hotel life better than anyone.''' ,'''I used the aspects of being a woman to my advantage, but I worked for myself, not a big corporation, so I was lucky to have the freedom to behave however I liked.''' ,'''Italy will always have the best food.''' ,'''The most important thing is to be healthy, to drink a lot of water, to fight gravity as much as possible. I am one of the few people who decided I wasn't going to do any invasion with my face.''' ,'''Beauty is perfect in its imperfections, so you just have to go with the imperfections.''' ,'''Confidence. If you have it, you can make anything look good.''' ,'''I was lucky because I got so successful so early, and when you get successful early, then you can afford to be a little bit humble.''' ,'''I don't think we should always look at the Chinese like they're taking jobs. They are also bring us more and more jobs. Because, they are the biggest growing consumer. I think what is going on in China is exciting.''' ,'''Animals come from nature. They were not designed. All my inspiration comes from nature, whether it's an animal or the layout of bark or of a leaf. Sometimes my patterns are very bold, and you can barely see where they come from, but all the textures and all the prints come out of nature.''' ,'''I adore dark chocolate.''' ,'''Ireland is also quite nice. So is Amsterdam.''' ,'''I didn't really know what I wanted to do, but I knew the woman I wanted to become.''' ,'''I get ideas about what's essential when packing my suitcase.''' ,'''I loved the seventies.''' ,'''When you come to a hotel room, you want it to be grand, functional and beautiful. But you don't want things that are not useful. Sometimes you go to hotels and there are all these frames and pictures of people you don't know, and you end up hiding everything in the drawer, and then housekeeping come and put it out again.''' ,'''Just don't go to a place where everything is too expensive... it'll put your husband in a bad mood.''' ,'''Attitude is everything.''' ,'''The best-dressed man is an Italian who is trying to look English, or an Englishman who is trying to look Italian.''' ,'''I gave up on my looks a long time ago.''' ,'''Everyone knows I married a prince, and then I married a billionaire.''' ,'''I'm very good at breaking up with people. Very good. It requires a lot of skill, but what you do is you tell them the truth of why you are breaking up with them, and after that, you somehow compensate with other things. If you have loved someone, I think that somehow they should always be a part of your life. I really do.''' ,'''If you're a good person, the goodness will continue through your descendants.''' ,'''Clarity is the most important thing. I can compare clarity to pruning in gardening. You know, you need to be clear. If you are not clear, nothing is going to happen. You have to be clear. Then you have to be confident about your vision. And after that, you just have to put a lot of work in.''' ,'''Women are strong. We can do it all. But not always at the same time.''' ,'''Insecurity is a waste of time.''' ,'''Marriage was never a destination with me.''' ,'''I travel in so many different ways; I travel high, I rough it... it all depends on who I travel with.''' ,]
+++