+++
author = "Ruth Wilson"
title = "Ruth Wilson Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Ruth Wilson Quotes"
keywords = "ruth wilson,ruth wilson quotes,ruth wilson quote,ruth wilson sayings,ruth wilson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What really excites me is the unknown, and getting to grips with something you have no idea about.''' ,'''It's a good time for me, but it's only recently I've become comfortable in my job. At the start, it's hard having the nerve to call yourself an actor, let alone doing it. I gave myself two years after drama school, and if I didn't make it, then I'd give it up.''' ,'''I've always been very vocal, but there have been moments where I've found it difficult to negotiate things that are about gender.''' ,'''I've got friends who are so good at getting away with things, like going up to the desk to get upgraded on a plane, for example. I haven't got any of that kind of confidence in those situations. I look so awkward. I act awkward. I'm really apologetic.''' ,'''I'm drawn to damaged, complicated characters.''' ,'''It's how you prioritize in life.''' ,'''People know my characters like Alice Morgan in 'Luther' or Alison Bailey from 'The Affair.' For me, that's a compliment, a kind of joy.''' ,'''I'd quite like to do a film but I'd also love to do more theatre. I want to keep challenging myself with good roles. It's harder for women because there aren't as many challenging roles.''' ,'''There has been inequality for so long, and now that someone like Trump is in charge, we're face to face with how much misogyny there is in the world. But things are moving quickly, and you just want to say, 'Let's think about this, because we don't want to jeopardise real change.'''' ,'''I simply want to take a break and catch my breath. But I also think that, sometimes, the bravest thing you can do is to deliberately keep some time free and see what the world throws at you.''' ,'''I tend to make bolder and more interesting choices after I've done theatre.''' ,'''For me, there is a stigma attached to playing beautiful parts. They are often empty characters whom the action happens around. I'm more drawn to characters with a complex internal life, who have a burning frustration underneath that keeps them going.''' ,'''There's always been a religious strain in me. I can't get rid of it. I don't want to get rid of it. I'm not involved in a church, but I understand that impulse to believe in something that's never going to betray you.''' ,'''There are lots of moments that are great for an actress.''' ,'''I always vaguely knew I wanted to perform, but I haven't got the greatest singing voice and my dancing isn't up to scratch. Acting was really the only alternative. My parents have been really supportive throughout.''' ,'''I think I'm a bit of a loner, and actually quite enjoy alone time; friends become people you want to actually spend time with rather than people who are just in your life. I think it's a nice place to be.''' ,'''I come from the south, so you're useless, and you're a bit pathetic. That's the first thing that the northerners think of you. You're also from the city, so you are used to having your cappuccinos and your luxuries and getting your chicken from a plastic packet.''' ,'''I don't really plan. I just see what happens.''' ,'''I've always been quite shy. Very confident but very shy.''' ,'''The difficult thing for me is going to a event and having to be dressed up and being judged for what you wear. People care so much about that these days.''' ,'''My parents are desperate, they keep saying: 'Please stop doing these angsty roles; make it easier for us.' So, yeah, I'd love to do some comedy.''' ,'''My remit has always been: I want to do something different from the last thing I've done.''' ,'''I come from theatre, and I feel like I have to go back to it every few years because it's like nourishment for the soul. And, as an actor, it's the place you have most control: no one cuts or edits you, and you get to tell the story each night.''' ,'''It's the preparation that's my favourite part of the process.''' ,'''I really love clothes, but I think I have a style of my own which is quite eclectic.''' ,'''I remember being about 14 when I started wearing shorts and heels. I hated the attention I got. I found it overwhelming.''' ,'''There are a lot more roles for men than there are for women. So men get their fee up by sheer quantity of material.''' ,'''I'm crap at pretending to be something I'm not when I'm in my real life.''' ,'''There's a sense most notably with my movies that for people to turn up, and make them big, you have to have a celebrity status. But it's not a choice I've made. It comes to you.''' ,'''I love meeting people and analysing their world. I like having a puzzle to solve. That's why I do so much work in advance. Even if it doesn't affect my performance in the end, I just find it so much more interesting if I've got as wide as possible an understanding of the material.''' ,'''The only ultimate power you have as a human being is over your choice to live or die. Everything else is chaos. If you try and think you have control over some of your life, essentially, that's the only real control you have, is whether you decide to exist.''' ,'''I do things on a whim.''' ,'''Cleaning isn't all that interesting to me. I'm disorganized.''' ,'''I haven't got one or two people that I aspired to be like.''' ,'''I'm a tragedienne in some way. I think quite epically. I like epic landscapes and grand emotions.''' ,'''There's such a huge link with fashion, with front covers of magazines and selling products, but that's not what you go into the job for, and yet you're persuaded that's what you have to do to create the opportunities for yourself.''' ,'''I love complex characters - strong females who are vulnerable but have a life and soul. That's what I'm drawn to and what I enjoy most.''' ,'''I remembered a mantra that one of my teachers used to tell me at drama school, that every thought will pass across your face. Even if you're thinking about Shreddies the camera will read it.''' ,'''Judgment comes from you comparing yourself to other people, and expectations of what you think life should be.''' ,'''I don't know about writing. It's quite lonely. You have to have a lot of patience with yourself. I don't know if I could do that. But I'd love to direct again.''' ,'''People don't know what goes on in my private life, so they have to make conjecture from something that is photographed.''' ,'''A cat is incredibly physical, and as a performer, I'm physical. If I feel emotions, they move through my body in a way that is sensual. I'm not necessarily in control of that.''' ,'''I didn't know anyone in my family who acted; no one in my immediate family did any acting.''' ,'''I studied history at university, so I'm always quite fascinated by the Second World War and France. That's one of my interests.''' ,'''Every actor turns everything round to their character.''' ,'''I do get recognised, but if I'm in a restaurant, I'll get one person noticing me, not the whole place. It is uncomfortable when people try and sneak a picture; sometimes, I don't feel like being seen. But I don't stop myself doing stuff. I go to Barry's Bootcamp and yoga just like anyone else.''' ,'''Cats don't need you that much. They like to come and get stroked now and then, and they need you to feed them. But other than that, they're not very demanding, are they? I quite like that.''' ,]
+++