+++
author = "Ali Larter"
title = "Ali Larter Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Ali Larter Quotes"
keywords = "ali larter,ali larter quotes,ali larter quote,ali larter sayings,ali larter saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love true love, and I'm a woman who wants to be married for a lifetime. That traditional life is something that I want.''' ,'''I was brought up to believe that there is no such thing as failure as long as I'm trying my best. So I've had a 'blood, guts and glory' approach through my whole life.''' ,'''What I do for a living puts me in the spotlight.''' ,'''There's a directness and a feistiness to being from Jersey.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of glamour. It's something I don't think there's enough of in Hollywood anymore. I enjoy putting on a sexy dress and heels. I want to work it.''' ,'''I have tons of sunglasses. My husband won't let me buy another pair because I lose them all the time.''' ,'''I never got into using my phone's calendar. It's easier to write in my Tiffany day planner. There's something charming about having a datebook.''' ,'''But to sustain a marriage for 50 years, you have to get real a little bit and find someone who is understanding and who you can grow with. My mom always says, 'Marry the man who loves you a millimeter more.'''' ,'''When it comes down to it, at the end of the day, I need more out of my life and I need to push myself harder. And if at the end of the day I don't have it, then I don't have it, but at least I'm going to put myself out there. If I fail, I'm going to fail terrifically.''' ,'''You never know when you're going to have to fight or take your clothes off.''' ,'''It's much easier to cheat than it is to be loyal. Everyone goes through down times. You just don't put yourself in those situations, you know?''' ,'''I don't care how stylish something is if it doesn't flatter me.''' ,'''Growing up, others girls wanted to dance and help their mums with the cooking. I liked to play soccer with the boys. Or I'd be off on my own, tilting mirrors towards the sun in order to burn armies of ants. That was my idea of fun.''' ,'''I've been in a lot of fiery relationships, and it is so exciting. But there's a more profound feeling when the love is just real and not so painful.''' ,'''If I could have a special power in real life I'd love to fly.''' ,'''If I have a day off, I want to get on a plane and go to Paris! If I have a couple hours off work, I want to run to the market and make a four-course meal. I like to do things that are unexpected.''' ,'''I work on a TV show I love, I have the opportunity to do movies with actors I respect, and I'm in love with the man I want to spend the rest of my life with, who pushes me and excites me.''' ,'''I'm in a stage where I feel like I need to retrain my mind, because since the beginning of my career, I've been such a fighter and a little hustler and someone who just tried to stay afloat in this business.''' ,'''When I'm in really good shape, I like my butt. It's juicy - that's what my fiance says.''' ,'''You know it's right when you feel this undeniable connection and chemistry.''' ,'''Since I was 15 years old, all I wanted was to find the guy I was going to marry.''' ,'''My heart got broken so many times because I put so much pressure on it. And then... I got blindsided.''' ,]
+++