+++
author = "George Groves"
title = "George Groves Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 George Groves Quotes"
keywords = "george groves,george groves quotes,george groves quote,george groves sayings,george groves saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been pretty good at negotiating.''' ,'''In any other sport an easier route to the final is your best route - but in this sport it isn't.''' ,'''I didn't fool myself into thinking I was world class just because I'd beaten James DeGale.''' ,'''I know how to read a spreadsheet, I know what I'm worth so I can go into meetings and say, 'I get paid that much, thank you.'''' ,'''I could walk away from boxing tomorrow, if I choose to.''' ,'''There are various psychological advantages you can take into boxing match. One is getting your opponent to fight with emotion and anger because he hates you.''' ,'''Chudinov is one of the toughest guys I fought. It was only the slump of his shoulders that made me think he's hurt because there's no grimace, or rolling eyes. He was never going down.''' ,'''It is an individual sport and you don't get many opportunities to overturn dodgy decisions.''' ,'''That's the reality of boxing - it can be over in a flash.''' ,'''The Eubanks are very different. If you look at the promotional videos they've done it's a bit 'Homes Under the Hammer.'''' ,'''I don't care what people think anymore. I don't think I've got anything to prove.''' ,'''I can play poker when I have to and I think it has made me a better fighter.''' ,'''You decide whether you want to box on, or not. And for me of course, I wasn't going to be leaving the business until becoming a world champion, and defending it numerous times.''' ,'''I will beat Carl Froch every night of the week and it doesn't matter if it is the best Carl Froch or the worst Carl Froch.''' ,'''I know what I'm worth, and I know boxing.''' ,'''Any fight, if you prepare correctly and you're ready for it, you should be just there to enjoy it.''' ,'''My career before I was main event I was always trying to steal the show and I feel I have a style that can be endearing to the boxing public. It's a style that allows me to box how I want to box.''' ,'''It's iconic, it's Wembley. When I go running up Primrose Hill you can see the arch. It's a great thing and it's a proud spot for London.''' ,'''They are a funny little team, the Eubanks.''' ,'''If people want to say nasty things that's a good thing in a way because it means people will underestimate me come fight night.''' ,'''Carl Froch is a strong, seasoned world champion and there's no quit in him.''' ,'''I have always wanted to be European champion, because it is a fantastic title and so many great boxers have held the belt over the years.''' ,'''Being champion, there's a different mindset.''' ,'''People have a right to express themselves.''' ,'''A rivalry is me and James DeGale. That is ingrained in people now.''' ,'''There's a lot I can offer boxing.''' ,'''Rebrasse was a good opponent, a tough guy, he took an awful lot of punches. I knew it was going to be tough. I didn't want to run out of steam, I felt in great condition but you always have to be cautious against a guy who has never been stopped.''' ,'''You have to ride your luck a bit, you have to take opportunities when they come.''' ,'''I think it is good when your blood is pumping, you are feeling lively, nice and warm, you are loose, you are awake, and your brain is switched on.''' ,'''I get paid to get hit in the head.''' ,'''Brits love a road trip supporting a British fighter.''' ,'''My missus has had to put up with me boxing. I'll be able to spend some better time with them and not always have to put boxing first. So that's good for me. I'll enjoy that part of life.''' ,'''I never get nervous and I'm always very confident to the point where some people think I'm cocky.''' ,'''I was never going to be one to just go away quietly and get on with things in the shadows.''' ,'''I love comedy and I did a few gigs here and there but it never really took off. It was too scary.''' ,'''My missus has had to put up with me boxing for so long.''' ,'''Badou Jack is a great fighter, but there is a lot that he does that I do better. I have enough power to take him out.''' ,'''I'm an established fighter, not a fighter who needs steady progression.''' ,'''Wembley Arena has been a successful stomping ground in the past.''' ,'''I used to hear other boxers talk about levels and it used to frustrate me. But now I understand: sometimes it doesn't matter how much you prepare, there are just people you can't beat.''' ,'''I don't want there to be a time where I'm 'too old' to box on, or where an injury retires me in or out of the ring.''' ,'''On fight night I feel alive and full of tingles. You feel your blood flow hot but that's how we like it. We're mammals, we're warm-blooded creatures.''' ,'''Ego can be a dangerous thing. We all have one but it needs to be contained.''' ,'''I've never been the biggest boxing fan. If I know the guy I will watch him. But if it's two great fighters and I don't know either of them then I won't bother.''' ,'''Since I was 12 and didn't want to go training I have always worked hard not to waste my talent.''' ,'''I want to be considered one of the greatest fighters ever.''' ,'''In boxing you can be the most talented fighter out there but you need people to watch and I'm fortunate that I'm in that situation.''' ,'''I want to knock people out.''' ,'''I'm taking charge of my own business because I don't trust anyone else to do it.''' ,'''Sometimes when you're not getting what you want in this game you have to shout a bit and throw a bit of a tantrum.''' ,'''I know what works for me.''' ,'''I don't think anything affects my nerves.''' ,'''I want to make my wife proud, I want to make my dad proud.''' ,'''I've been over to Germany, it is nice to box.''' ,'''If you're driving home and your kids are playing up in the back seat, I'm pretty sure that's taxing. You're trying to hold your composure, you're trying not to shout at them.''' ,'''There are plenty of massive fights out there for me, I know that, but the goals always going to become world champion.''' ,'''I got to world champion, No 1-rated fighter in the division and managed to earn from the defences.''' ,'''Boxing's a funny business and sometimes different fights come along at different times.''' ,'''I know enough about the business to look after myself now. I don't trust anyone else to take care of business.''' ,'''I have always boxed better with a bit of nerves.''' ,'''When I become world champion, what do I need? I need opponents, I need someone to pick a venue, negotiate a date, and I need a promoter.''' ,'''The lighter I am going into a fight, the more likely I am to get ill.''' ,'''Once I've got that world title I'll never want to lose it. I'll fight tooth and nail to keep it.''' ,'''It's hard to win people's minds over. The only way to change their minds is to perform.''' ,'''I've boxed on with cuts, broken jaws, everything.''' ,'''Boxing has been good to me and I believe I have been good for boxing.''' ,'''Once I'm world Champion we can think about what fights are fun rather than fights that need to take place.''' ,'''The more successful a promoter becomes, the more ruthless they've got to be.''' ,'''There's always talk about going out on top, unfortunately for me that means going out on a loss but it's going out at the highest level. I'm happily satisfied and it makes a lot of sense to me.''' ,'''If you are very nervous, it is going to affect you and you start feeling tired or anxiety sets in.''' ,'''I've been on the other end of sticky decisions, have been the 'B' side, but I never go in there thinking, 'Is this going to go against me?'''' ,'''I've always been able to stay calm in high-pressure situations.''' ,'''If I'm confident in my ability to do something, I never get nervous about it. If I was to get up and try to sing in front of 50,000 people, I'd fall to pieces. But boxing, I find it really comfortable.''' ,'''I've got a lovely family now, I've got two boys.''' ,'''If I didn't want to fight Carl Froch then I wouldn't have invested so much time and money into appealing with the IBF over the dubious outcome of the first fight.''' ,'''I've definitely changed as a person because of professional boxing.''' ,'''You can't judge a fighter by their worst performance.''' ,'''I've good memories of fighting at the Echo Arena. It's been a happy hunting ground for me in the past.''' ,'''In 2017, I boxed in front of a home crowd in Sheffield and became the WBA super-middleweight world champion. After four attempts I had finally fulfilled my childhood dream, and the experience was as great as I had always imagined it would be. It was without doubt the best moment of my career.''' ,'''I am not going to box unfit, obviously.''' ,'''If you asked me to go on stage now, even to do karaoke, I'd fall apart. I'm far more comfortable getting stuck into a fight.''' ,'''I like to keep my normal life under wraps but in front of 80,000 people, I'm going to perform.''' ,'''I am an old man and sometimes I struggle to keep up with some of the youngsters on the circuits. But at the same time, it is keeping me young.''' ,'''I don't want to have lunch with a sultan. I would rather watch Netflix.''' ,'''Comedy is a passion but I don't know if I a am funny enough to make a living out of.''' ,'''I'm sure I'm going to have a long and successful career.''' ,'''Motivational talks are something I have been asked to do and i fancy taking a crack at it.''' ,'''Carl Froch never really does too well away from home and he is very settled and comfortable in Nottingham.''' ,'''When friends started smoking at 16 or drinking at 18, I made myself not follow. No lads' holidays, all that stuff.''' ,'''Why do I manage myself? I don't trust anyone else to do it, to be honest.''' ,'''I've been in a few fights where I keep drilling guys - Carl Froch, those sort of people - and they just keep coming.''' ,'''With Froch everyone was questioning me and I was trying to prove a point.''' ,'''I know I am more than capable of beating Carl Froch.''' ,'''I've earned some decent money, and bragging rights, and boxed on a Floyd Mayweather undercard in Vegas... but it's a fraction of what I set out to do.''' ,'''Who wants to watch the WBSS final without me in it?''' ,'''I've won junior titles, ABA titles and boxed for England all over the world against future Olympic champions as an amateur - and then beat world-class fighters as a professional.''' ,'''Ultimately, it's down to the individual. Some people are born to perform. Some people need to work hard to control themselves.''' ,'''What happened with Gutknecht does frequently cross my mind, but I can't do anything about my situation. I need to carry on boxing so that's what I've been doing.''' ,'''I'm a realist and I'm not going to shy away from being knocked out.''' ,'''I never spoke out as a kid, I was never good at it as a kid, I was always too shy but I think I have a story and would like to be good at it and tell my story.''' ,]
+++