+++
author = "Howard Barker"
title = "Howard Barker Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Howard Barker Quotes"
keywords = "howard barker,howard barker quotes,howard barker quote,howard barker sayings,howard barker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never 'say' anything in my work. I invent a world. Let others decide what is being 'said'.''' ,'''I'm not interested in entertainment.''' ,'''Theatre should be a taxing experience: the greatest achievement of a writer is to produce a character who creates anxiety.''' ,'''A good play puts the audience through a certain ordeal.''' ,'''I've often taken important classical, biblical or literary stories and interrogated them. I have tried to reinvigorate Lot by interpreting it differently.''' ,'''When I write, I am not giving a lecture, I am speculating on behavior. Sometimes this is dangerous, but it should be. As I say often, theatre is a dark place and we should keep the light out of it.''' ,'''I don't like sympathetic characters.''' ,'''I am so far as I am aware not at all influenced by dramatists, expect for Shakespeare, who I have to say, it is impossible not to be influenced by if you hold language to be the major element of theatre.''' ,'''We are suffocated by writers who want to enlighten us with their truths. For me, the theatre is beautiful because it is a secret, and secrets seduce us, we all want to share secrets.''' ,'''I submit all my plays to the National Theatre for rejection. To assure myself I am seeing clearly.''' ,'''I have plenty of political views and plenty of social and personal prejudices. I do not, however, value them.''' ,'''I'm not interested in observed reality.''' ,'''I believe in poetic discourse, in the value of speech in a non-naturalistic way; it's speculative.''' ,]
+++