+++
author = "Mia Goth"
title = "Mia Goth Quotes"
quotes_len = "58"
description = "the best 58 Mia Goth Quotes"
keywords = "mia goth,mia goth quotes,mia goth quote,mia goth sayings,mia goth saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''So often, in films, there are two ways a female can be portrayed: either innocent and virginal or the complete opposite.''' ,'''A lot of people get pigeonholed because it makes it easier to understand them - or assume you understand them. I think the way you break away from that is by constantly doing different jobs.''' ,''''The Survivalist' really makes you think. It stays with you.''' ,'''In the lead-up to 'The Survivalist,' I saw a trainer five times a week, and I'd run an hour a day.''' ,'''Those are my favorite kinds of movies, where the plots are quite small and character-driven.''' ,'''I never went to school to study acting, so I'm doing this purely on feeling, and I give it my all.''' ,'''When I'm in Brazil, I'm not Brazilian at all; I am a gringo. And then when I'm in England, I'm not really English, but when I lived in Canada, I was considered too English. So I never really felt like I clicked somewhere or that I belonged to one place.''' ,'''I'm all for art-house foreign directors - I think they make terrific films - and I'm also for the bigger budget movies. It just depends on what the character is, the director, the script.''' ,'''I want to seem completely bare. Especially when I'm reading for a role. I want to reveal myself in the audition room. That's where I'm happiest.''' ,'''At 14, I was beehived out. I'm glad there are no pictures!''' ,'''I love horror because you can never just sit back in your seat. You always have to be on the edge of it.''' ,'''Being an actor requires a lot of self-analysis and reflection. The better you know who you are, the better you are at becoming another person.''' ,'''I just want to act. And I want to be good. And I want to be happy, and I think that's it.''' ,'''The fashion world has become a lot more embracing of me since I became an actress.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a grandma: I don't really understand the Twitter and the Instagram.''' ,'''I'm interested in psychology and how your surroundings can influence your character, and because of that, I think I try and take the very best from a situation, good or bad, and constantly work on myself.''' ,'''For the most part, I don't do anything to my brows. They aren't bleached, just naturally light. Maybe when I was a little kid, I thought they were strange, but I realized as I got older, the things that make you different are the things that are special about you.''' ,'''It's not the actor's job to be interesting; that's the script's job. It's our job to be truthful and brave.''' ,'''When I was ten, I went to seven schools in one year in Nova Scotia. Me and my mum moved there so that I could be closer to my dad, who is an ice-truck driver, but it didn't work out.''' ,'''With skin and beauty, it always starts from within. So I try to eat very healthy.''' ,'''I'm very private about my private life. I don't like to go into too much depth about it.''' ,'''My first memories are of Brazil. There's so much music there. It's one of my favourite places in the world.''' ,'''What I wear is an extension of how I feel, so it's always changing.''' ,'''I want to be a woman who has a little bit more figured out, who doesn't have so many doubts.''' ,'''I'm Canadian! My father's Canadian.''' ,'''I think any actor, if they had the choice, would opt for challenging roles that test their capabilities.''' ,'''I'll take a multi-vitamin in the morning. I think that always helps.''' ,'''A magician pulls a rabbit from a hat, and actors pull truth from fiction.''' ,'''Being an actor is a nomadic profession, and I just try to feel at home wherever I am at that moment.''' ,'''I remember putting mascara on when I was 13 for the first time and going to the shop to buy a chocolate bar. I felt so exposed. I remember wearing a bra for the first time and feeling very exposed by that.''' ,'''If I had not become an actress, I would be a journalist or a psychologist: I like to analyze the mind and be involved in political moments that change history.''' ,'''If I'm having a stressful day, I can look at the sky and feel centered again and realize I'm just a tiny little dot in this whole universe and that, actually, everything's going to be just fine.''' ,'''I really wanted to go Russia. I'm really interested in Russian history, so I'd like to go and put a face to what I've read.''' ,'''Blush is really fresh and young, really invigorating. I like it more than bronzer. I think it's just a bit more lively.''' ,'''There's a lot of power and responsibility that comes with owning who you are as a woman.''' ,'''I like to run. I think it's good, you can do it anywhere, you don't a gym, I just think it's really easy to do.''' ,'''Before I started acting, I'd never wear makeup.''' ,'''My name is actually Mia Gypsy - my mum said she named me that because of everywhere I'm from. She felt that I'd always be roaming from place to place, and I've always felt like that.''' ,'''I see myself as a professional feeler.''' ,'''I'm always super scared of feeling like a fake.''' ,'''I was a massive fan of Amy Winehouse growing up. I decided it would be a good idea to become Amy Winehouse with the beehive and ballet shoes. Six months into that, I looked into the mirror and decided I'd better be Mia.''' ,'''I think the world is kind of catching on that gender roles aren't so necessary and becoming a lot less defined and starting to become a lot more about the individual and character of that person.''' ,'''I'm drawn to roles where someone has to struggle or fight.''' ,'''I don't think optimism is always the best quality for an actor, in the same way you wouldn't want a super-optimist to be a traffic controller - you want a guy that's really worried about every plane in the sky!''' ,'''I've never seen the two 'Ghostbuster' movies.''' ,'''I love working with Prada, I would do it all the time if I could. Working with them is like working on a film: it is very collaborative.''' ,'''Life, and the world, sometimes just kinda click, and things just happen. You're chasing it, but it finds you at the same time.''' ,'''My only goal is to be the best actress I can be. You have to give it everything. All I have as an actress is the revelation of my soul.''' ,'''I am obsessed with cinema and its history.''' ,'''If people remember me for any scene in a Lars von Trier film, I'm extremely honoured and forever grateful.''' ,'''Auditioning is like boxing: It keeps me hungry and intense, whether I get the part or not.''' ,'''When I finish a film, I want to feel drained. I want to feel like I couldn't have possibly done any more to service a character and a story.''' ,'''Modelling is very two-dimensional. You really don't have to bare anything.''' ,'''I think it's important to change your hair up once in a while - not to always remain the same.''' ,'''I don't think about my look that much, to be honest. It's what I've always known, it's what I've grown up with, and I wouldn't ever want to step too far away from my most authentic self.''' ,'''I admire JLo because she succeeded in breaking through and harmonizing two different cultures.''' ,'''I never had a proper modeling career. It was not something I succeeded in. Once I started acting, that's when the fashion world kind of embraced me.''' ,'''I was very girly growing up; I loved pink and doing my makeup and doing my hair and painting my nails.''' ,]
+++