+++
author = "Slavoj Zizek"
title = "Slavoj Zizek Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Slavoj Zizek Quotes"
keywords = "slavoj zizek,slavoj zizek quotes,slavoj zizek quote,slavoj zizek sayings,slavoj zizek saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am what you might call abstractly anti-capitalist. For instance, I am suspicious of the old leftists who focus all their hatred on the United States. What about Chinese neo-colonialism? Why are the left silent about that? When I say this, it annoys them, of course. Good!''' ,'''When I really love someone, I can only show it by making aggressive and bad-taste remarks.''' ,'''Communism will win.''' ,'''You could say, in a vulgar Freudian way, that I am the unhappy child who escapes into books. Even as a child, I was most happy being alone. This has not changed.''' ,'''What if the Soviet intervention was a blessing in disguise? It saved the myth that if the Soviets were not to intervene, there would have been some flowering authentic democratic socialism and so on. I'm a little bit more of a pessimist there. I think that the Soviets - it's a very sad lesson - by their intervention, saved the myth.''' ,'''Liberal democracy - as you know, in the old days, we were saying we want socialism with a human face. Today's left effectively offers global capitalism with a human face, more tolerance, more rights and so on. So the question is, is this enough or not? Here I remain a Marxist: I think not.''' ,'''I - and I still consider myself, I'm sorry to tell you, a Marxist and a Communist, but I couldn't help noticing how all the best Marxist analyses are always analyses of a failure.''' ,'''I agree with Sophocles: the greatest luck is not to have been born - but, as the joke goes on, very few people succeed in it.''' ,'''My instinct as a philosopher is that we are effectively approaching a multicentric world, which means we need to ask new, and for the traditional left, unpleasant questions.''' ,'''Without the communist oppression, I am absolutely sure I would now be a local stupid professor of philosophy in Ljubljana.''' ,'''I secretly think reality exists so we can speculate about it.''' ,]
+++