+++
author = "Zeenat Aman"
title = "Zeenat Aman Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Zeenat Aman Quotes"
keywords = "zeenat aman,zeenat aman quotes,zeenat aman quote,zeenat aman sayings,zeenat aman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You tend to take your journey for granted after a while, but when I pause and look back, I feel blessed that I had so many opportunities.''' ,'''I always wanted to work with Ashutosh Gowariker because of the interesting ways in which he depicts stories in his films.''' ,'''In a vast and diverse country like India, a political party with secular ideology can ensure stable and progressive government.''' ,'''It is a feel-good factor when you get an instant reaction from the audience.''' ,'''I listen to jazz, Western classical, contemporary, Bollywood and heavy metal.''' ,'''We shot the song 'Hum Tumhein Chahte Hain Aise' by a lakeside. Though the song was a duet, it was filmed as a solo number on Vinod Khanna. I had to react to his singing and it worked.''' ,'''While shooting for 'Hare Rama Hare Krishna,' I just had to watch Dev sahab and I would give my best.''' ,'''Item numbers have existed from time immemorial.''' ,'''I am a great student and fan of history.''' ,'''I think it's important for women to speak up, it's important to speak up for their rights.''' ,'''It's a personal thing whether one wants to be on social media or not.''' ,'''To make a breakthrough in Hollywood, you have to be committed to doing it, which is true of anything in life. I was already a big star in India and I stayed with that.''' ,'''I'm an eternal optimist. I've no regrets. I've people who love me. I've a wonderful life. I'm grateful for what I have.''' ,'''I see no point in holding grudges. I'd rather not have any negativity within me.''' ,'''In terms of experience, I am a much more evolved person than I was at my peak as a star.''' ,'''I learnt to be courageous in my career decision through my association with Dev sahab.''' ,'''In cinema, I would not really rate my costar and I would not pick a project because of the costar. I would pick a project because of the director. And the script.''' ,'''Many from Peshawar starred in our film industry and Lahore too was the hub of films before the Partition.''' ,'''I think the world consists of yin and yang. There should be a balance, and it's important to coexist peacefully, with respect and dignity, and whenever those lines are crossed I think it's important for people to speak up for what they believe in.''' ,'''You know I was always looking out for age appropriate roles.''' ,'''I want Priyanka Chopra to do my biopic. I think she is very good and lovely. Priyanka would be the ideal actress to play my part.''' ,'''I'm a vegetarian, but now, on my doctor's orders, I have begun eating egg white.''' ,'''When you do a film, you always hope that the film will do well but you don't think beyond that.''' ,'''Life's so unpredictable. You never know when the next high or low will strike you. The trick is just to flow with the tide.''' ,'''Like every other girl or woman I had imagined and visualized a totally different picture of a married life in my head. But in reality it was nothing like it. Mazhar was never there whenever I needed him. Even when I was pregnant, he was not there to support me or be happy with me.''' ,'''Mumbai has so much to offer, but the pathetic spectacle of horse abuse is the first thing that many tourists see, and it taints their impression of our great city.''' ,'''I think arts should be liberal, people should be allowed to express themselves. It happens in most democratic countries in the world, and I don't see why it should be different in India.''' ,'''It was an impulsive at her zenith Zeenat decision to act in 'Boom,' I signed the film after 70 per cent of the movie was done.''' ,'''The decision to marry is every woman's entitlement, irrespective of her age.''' ,'''I have a great affiliation with the Catholic community having studied at convent schools.''' ,'''Dev sahab was indefatigable. Till the end, he believed in what he did.''' ,'''I believe in secular politics.''' ,'''I am a single mother of two sons and politics demands 100 per cent commitment.''' ,'''I feel special when I'm told girls look up to me.''' ,'''I would like to say to as many people as possible that please go and see the film 'Jaana,' because we all have worked hard to make it a good film.''' ,'''Women have always wanted to look attractive.''' ,'''The media named me Zeenie Babs, long long ago. I was even called Babushka.''' ,'''Qurbani' happened at a time when all kinds of special films were happening to my career - 'Satyam Shivam Sundaram,' 'Shalimar,' 'Abdullah.'''' ,'''If people want to improve the way they look, the way they present themselves, more power to them.''' ,'''Nariman Irani was such a wonderful man.''' ,'''I respect Dev saab greatly.''' ,'''I must have something sweet to round off every meal. Else, I can turn grumpy. It can be a small bite, but I must have it.''' ,'''Lucknow, as far as I have heard, is always known for its culture, literature and poetry. So it has set a cultural benchmark for the entire country.''' ,'''You give a hundred percent of yourself to a film and then move on.''' ,'''I don't speak but understand Gujarati.''' ,'''I had worked with many actors who were angry at times and often found them to be tense.''' ,'''My personal style statement is to be comfortable because if you are comfortable you are confident.''' ,'''Qurbani' was such an amazing film and one of the biggest successes of my career.''' ,'''For many years, I used to run to the opposite direction when I saw photographers.''' ,'''I did try judging a talent hunt series, but honestly, TV is not my cup of tea. The time required, I don't think I will be able to dedicate that kind of slot or even the energy to TV.''' ,'''All of us have mothers, sisters, daughters at home and it is our responsibility to protect them and make them aware of their rights.''' ,'''Feroz Khan and 'Qurbani' are part of my life forever.''' ,'''It is inherent in every girl, to want that extra sparkle in her eyes, extra shine in her hair and bounce in her walk.''' ,'''I'll always remember Vinod Khanna as a thorough gentleman, cultured, polite, who knew how to conduct himself with the ladies.''' ,'''I listen to heavy metal thanks to my son. When I argue with him on the kind of music he is listening to, he says, 'listen to it.' I listen and think well that is not so bad!''' ,'''I think it's very wrong to be an unwed mother. You give your child the stigma of illegitimacy.''' ,'''Age should not come in the way of love.''' ,'''I've had the basic courage and confidence to never follow convention.''' ,'''To perform on stage, you have to run through your paces till you are perfect. Despite the script and director, the actor makes or breaks the play.''' ,'''I think a person's true worth is measured during times of failure.''' ,'''You know why stardom screws up people ? Because it gives you too many choices. As a 20-year-old I was making as much money as, well, as much money as it was possible for a 20-year-old to make in India. That sort of thing could drive people nuts. But I put my in money in the bank.''' ,'''In film you have the opportunity of retakes or of giving your best profile. In theatre, it's right here, right now.''' ,'''I got into films by accident.''' ,'''I have two grown up sons who, as I've repeatedly said are my first and only priority in life.''' ,'''I just think that I was very fortunate to have had the opportunity to work with some very fine filmmakers in the industry. I worked with some wonderful people on some really interesting projects. So I consider myself very fortunate.''' ,'''Vadodara is a lovely city and Gujarat has always been one of the most peaceful places in the country. I love everything about Gujarat and can't resist the Gujarati thali.''' ,'''I am not a feminist, I am a humanist.''' ,'''It's up to the individual to make the best of what life has dealt.''' ,'''Nobody ever thought of me as dumb. They always knew me as cerebral, a thinking person. Educated and so on. But I was always given glamorous roles.''' ,'''Prime minister Manmohan Singh has put the country on global platform by adopting the right economic measures.''' ,'''I was delighted when Ashutosh Gowariker offered me the role of 'Sakina Begum.'''' ,'''I looked after my children, I looked after my husband but there was no one to look after me. I am sure no other woman would have lasted in my situation for too long. But I held onto Mazhar.''' ,'''It is because of Navketan that I became a movie star.''' ,'''When you worked with Vinod Khanna, you knew that you would never be double-crossed.''' ,'''As an actor, I have had an iconic journey and was fortunate enough to have worked with some really wonderful directors.''' ,'''There's no fixed pattern or formula to life.''' ,'''See, life is a journey and every chapter is very interesting.''' ,'''My sons, Azaan and Zahaan, make for scintillating company; they are both foodies. The three of us love spending time trying out new joints and cuisines.''' ,'''We actors have lives beyond the film industry too!''' ,'''I have always enjoyed my work and have chosen only what I thought was interesting by way of a role.''' ,'''A lot of intelligent women make foolish choices.''' ,'''When you write an autobiography, it has to be authentic.''' ,'''I have two sons and I have taught them to respect women. They have also seen how I, a single mother, have raised them.''' ,'''I am very different in real life as compared to whatever people have seen of me on the big screen.''' ,'''I think the parts that I played sort of broke the mould in terms of - you know, I played grey characters, the bad girl with a good heart, there was a good reason for her to be bad.''' ,'''Mazhar never wanted me to grow as an individual or as an artist. He always wanted me to be with the kids and be at home. During the very first year of marriage I realised I had made a huge mistake, but I decided to live by it and make it work. I tried to make it work for another 12 years.''' ,'''I have always been a director's actress.''' ,'''Life is just a journey and how you traverse it is what matters.''' ,'''The past is past. There is no point in repeating what you did in the past.''' ,'''If you are uncomfortable you are always adjusting.''' ,'''I have always let my heart rule my head, but if I could rewind and start afresh I would listen to my mother. I would agree and follow whatever she told me.''' ,'''Ever since my husband expired, I've been even more careful in bringing up my kids, and stayed away from work.''' ,'''When I was actively working, I had more than my share of limelight. But over the last many years I have been leading a quiet life and I've learnt to value my privacy.''' ,'''I gave my all to my career and later to my marriage and motherhood.''' ,'''I came from a matriarchal family, and was always treated as an individual.''' ,'''I get weak-kneed when I see chocolates and dessert.''' ,'''I may have had the body and emotions of a woman, but I've always had the head of a man. I've lived my life like a man.''' ,'''I am comfortable with technology. I am a private person and would rather not be on Twitter or Facebook.''' ,'''I wish the people of India and Pakistan peace and harmony. Artistes and craftsmen in both the countries must interact with each other as talent has no borders. We both have common music, culture and craftsmanship.''' ,'''I came into films with 'Hare Rama Hare Krishna.' My first film was actually 'Hulchul,' but it was released after 'HRHK.'''' ,]
+++