+++
author = "Derrick Grayson"
title = "Derrick Grayson Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Derrick Grayson Quotes"
keywords = "derrick grayson,derrick grayson quotes,derrick grayson quote,derrick grayson sayings,derrick grayson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Under slavery, families were ripped apart, and it was a desire of black men and black women to be together with their loved ones. Family meant something. Spouses meant something.''' ,'''The erosion of personal freedom and liberty as a result of federal policy and legislation is alarming.''' ,'''Make no mistake about it. Gun control is not about crook control. It's about America control.''' ,'''Race doesn't matter to the people who are violating our constitutional principles, but they make it matter to keep us divided.''' ,'''The Second Amendment is not about hunting. It is about protecting ourselves from a tyrannical government.''' ,'''My grandmother, who picked cotton, and my mom, who picked cotton as a child - my grandmother had a work ethic. She had 13 children that she had to raise and ended up for a time moving into the projects, but because my grandmother had a work ethic, she didn't stay in the projects... that's not how she wanted to raise her children.''' ,'''When you go with individuals who have violated the Constitution in any fashion, you have sold your soul to them.''' ,'''The only thing that holds the government back from just going ballistic on us is the Second Amendment. When we become disarmed, it's over. It's over.''' ,]
+++