+++
author = "Weyes Blood"
title = "Weyes Blood Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Weyes Blood Quotes"
keywords = "weyes blood,weyes blood quotes,weyes blood quote,weyes blood sayings,weyes blood saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was a little kid, I was a huge fan of 'The Kids in the Hall.' They were like my boy band. I was obsessed with sketch comedy. Being raised Christian, I was somewhat sheltered from the more radical high-art world. So to me, comedy was where people got to express themselves in an abstract way. It was a big part of my growing up.''' ,'''We thought the Internet would enlighten everyone, but it's given everyone access to more ignorance, and given ignorant people an opportunity to organize themselves and congregate.''' ,'''It took me a while to warm up to smartphones. I just reached a point where I was like, 'If I continue to be a luddite, I'm just going to fall so far behind and become really bitter.'''' ,'''When I went through puberty I had a huge rebellion against movies. I was so upset with how they brainwashed me that I didn't watch movies for years.''' ,'''Everybody is constantly putting themselves under a microscope in terms of their productivity and their financial success and this whole idea of 'Picture Me Better,' like picture me, you know, who I'm supposed to be versus, you know, just accepting who we all are.''' ,'''The most restorative activity is to get out in nature where the air quality is a little nicer.''' ,'''I'm not a huge, popular artist, but I feel like one when I'm in the studio. But it's never taking away from the music. I'm just making a bigger space for myself.''' ,'''As a teenager, I really loved Catherine Ribeiro - extremely powerful, wild, improvisatory voice. I loved old psych-rock bands, and Michael Hurley, and Harry Nilsson. And then later on I discovered the famous European singer Demis Roussos, who used to be in Aphrodite's Child.''' ,'''As we become more codependent with technology, it's not necessarily based on our desire for the technology but our desire for interconnectivity and wanting to stay connected, which is a natural human instinct. The technology itself is kind of emotionally manipulative.''' ,'''I've always been very progressive and as much as I play Old World music, I have this progressive tenacity to keep adding futuristic elements in subtle ways where you won't notice.''' ,'''There's this kind of robust confidence that I had as a teenager that became really constricted and slowly, like, weighted down by sensory experience by the time I was in my mid-20s.''' ,'''If you're an evil company who's casting minorities to be in your commercial to get the politically correct card, it's like putting a band-aid over a bigger problem. But I think it's an incredible start.''' ,'''I think Baltimore is a wonderful artistic community with a lot of great musicians. It's kind of like a little secret for musicians.''' ,'''I don't exclusively talk to people on social media; I don't meet people through Tinder. I try to keep it face-to-face, and to be aware if my phone is sucking me away from the rest of the world.''' ,'''Eyeliner is a lifelong thing. You'll never get it perfect.''' ,'''I've always been on the periphery.''' ,'''My dad was a real working musician in the late '70s and early '80s. He had a band that was signed to Elektra/Asylum and they would perform at like Madame Wong's and Whiskey A Go Go all the time.''' ,'''You know, around 14 or 15 I rebelled against Christianity pretty hardcore. I was reading a lot of other esoteric Eastern philosophy and getting into everything that wasn't dogmatic Christian. But I will say that it did kind of prime me for a more spiritual lifestyle. I didn't walk away with bitterness, even though there was some condemnation.''' ,'''On 'Cardamom,' I had pretty much total control on all of the musical stuff, but I asked a friend of mine to take the picture for the cover, and I asked a friend of mine to draw the back.''' ,'''I was an alto and was in a lot of choirs growing up.''' ,'''We haven't evolved as loners, we need each other. It's easy to believe in the illusion of technology bringing us closer together. But if you were to protest that and say, 'I'm not going to use a smartphone, I'm not going to use email, I'm not going to use social media,' it's like you're no longer a part of humanity.''' ,'''I find Trump to be like a parasite.''' ,'''I am a ham, I like to joke around.''' ,'''I had this instrument that I built in high school. It was a huge, six-foot-long stringed instrument, and I started playing with that amplified and singing through power electronic stuff. I played those shows, and it would blow the lid off of everybody, and everybody would flip out.''' ,'''You can't really ignore what's going on in this planet, in our world, and the way it's all falling apart.''' ,'''I was born in L.A. In Santa Monica, actually.''' ,'''In our culture the way women have been represented in American film had a pretty big impact on my self-esteem and I'm sure it did on a lot of other girls. I think they have a greater psychological impact that anybody's willing to talk about.''' ,'''I don't wanna make something depressing, I wanna make something sorrowful.''' ,'''A lot of my family members were performers, and my cousins are comedians and actresses. From a very young age, movies were really important. They were given a lot of value.''' ,'''I really like Adam Curtis' 'Century of Self.' It's about how artists have failed the general public by being so exclusive, like being in an echo chamber. I was definitely more like that in my early twenties - my music was completely inaccessible.''' ,'''I want to help people and change the world.''' ,'''The only outlet in mainstream culture for classical and more experimental music to be heard is through movie soundtracks, and they're such a wonderful display of emotion. I think the guy that did that best is Stanley Kubrick, working with Wendy Carlos who is an electronic composer.''' ,'''Everybody is their own galaxy, their own separate entity.''' ,'''I tend to panic and fear on a low-grade level every day, but when something really disastrous happens, I kick into super high gear; a kind of transcendent, save-everybody mind-set.''' ,'''Being in a first-world country, it's like we have a first-row seat to witnessing humanity, but we're not really witnessing anything. Despite all the new technological tools we've been given, we're still powerless, watching everything happen like it's a theatrical performance.''' ,'''It's important to me to not stay too confined to any specific sonic space. There is something really magical about straight folk music - it's not that I don't like it, it's just that I like so much music, I hear so many different things, and I want to try more. I don't want to be confined.''' ,'''A lot of church music really inspired me. A lot of ancient music that's made for God. If you get really into the history of music, inevitably you're going to have to get into sacred religious music.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong with the feminine, there's nothing wrong with being vulnerable.''' ,'''It came naturally to find out what I did best, which was to write songs and sing well.''' ,'''Baltimore is wonderful. Super-weird city.''' ,'''Good singing is learning how to transmit learning musical information with your voice in a way that everybody can relate to. But as a woman you just get a lot of criticism because everyone sees you like a raw lump of clay that needs some help.''' ,'''I have a lot of respect for people who really work on their life - they've got this great apartment and a good personality, they write the thank-you cards and bake birthday cakes. That's who I wish I was. When I see people cultivate their own life like that, I admire it.''' ,'''I'm always thinking about the bigger picture and always feeling so much for everybody else, and kind of experiencing the pain of the world, personally.''' ,'''Climate change is often the first thing I think about it in the morning, and the last thing I think about before I go to bed. It is not something that escapes that my mind, so inevitably, I had to kind of express that existential terror through art and music. My hope is to channel that confusion and energy into something good.''' ,'''The concept of 'Bad Magic' is something that is incredibly intoxicating and magical but ultimately bad for you.''' ,'''My parents were a little more on the hippie spectrum of Christianity - they weren't liberal Christians by any means, they were pretty conservative - but they preached mostly about love and caring for people, so I grew up with a lot of compassion and empathy.''' ,'''It's important to me to create archetypes of human experiences and make them so that the song has a sense of purpose when you experience those emotions. You know, just making people feel like they're not alone.''' ,'''I kind of have an allegiance to the city, but I don't love Brooklyn.''' ,'''I've always tried to create music the way Kubrick makes film, just kind of mimicking consciousness. He has a way of mimicking this greater power.''' ,'''Our generation is the most cinematically saturated of all time. Videotapes, DVD's, streaming... Spielberg... all of it has thrust us into an endless loop of consumption.''' ,'''My parents are musicians. I was listening to the radio and recording songs off the radio on cassette tapes and playing guitars and pianos. Just emotionally responding to music from a very young age.''' ,'''The bedroom is an archetype. To me it stands for a lot of the silliness of our modern culture where the kind of things that we worship in our sacred spaces are based on media and movies because we don't really have much else in the way of myths, if that makes sense.''' ,'''R. Murray Shcafer is a Canadian composer with a twist. Aside from writing incredibly ethereal music, he is also an acousitc ecologist, fighting for the sonic space on this planet to be beautiful - a rare and shamefully underrated cause.''' ,'''Seeing Wolf Eyes for the first time - I was fifteen. I had this crazy feeling that this my generation's Stooges. I got infected by that energy.''' ,'''I feel like I was born to make music.''' ,'''This record was kind of, like, innocent. It's called 'The Innocents.' So it's the concept of being young enough to not really understand the implications of your decisions and then kind of feeling the weight later and being, like, but I was innocent. Like, did I deserve this?''' ,'''I've always had gender confusion. I had two older brothers, and I've been predominantly male influenced. I really always looked up to my dad, really always looked up to my brothers... I had a lot of male friends growing up. It didn't help that in my town, where I lived, there were no female musicians.''' ,'''I wanted to be a comedian long before I wanted to be a musician, for sure.''' ,'''The times I've had in Vegas have been very memorable and very strange. I find it to be a weird, kind of hyper-reality city... everybody I've met who is from there is usually really interesting.''' ,'''Enya is a very matriarchal musical force. Her music is very feminine and she layers her voice a lot. It leaks into my music secretly on the side. There's a lot of lush layers of my voice hiding in the cracks.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of horror films, particularly 'Friday the 13th.' It's one of the only genres that weaves abstract experimental techniques into the mainstream; having to be spooky requires a little more creativity.''' ,'''I feel like humor and tragedy are all on the same coin, and it's all a part of the same process as humans as we assimilate reality.''' ,'''Nostalgia has become so much more popular because technology and climate change are visibly present. It's easy to idolize the past, before those things were prevalent.''' ,'''Water represents to me, the beginnings of life, it is where we come from in our most primordial sense. It relates to some of our deepest subconscious thinking - it's a force we can't really see or understand, we just get glimpses of. But it's a part of us all.''' ,'''I love touring; if it were up to me I'd be touring all the time.''' ,'''I'm grateful that I didn't get thrown into the limelight at 19-years-old.''' ,'''I like writing in total isolation like out in the woods somewhere.''' ,'''I wanted to show people that there's nothing wrong with trying to make something sacred.''' ,'''I was always interested in the fringes of culture and society and in expressing myself in a distinctively different way, like always rooting for the underdog, that kind of thing.''' ,'''In my mind, my music feels so big, a true production.''' ,'''I feel just as passionately about experimental electronic music as I do about folk music.''' ,'''What is the consequent effect on a society of beings looking for themselves in the myths on the screen? It's safe to say that they have failed us, but I can't help it... I love Movies.''' ,'''I think all human beings have a propensity to believe in things, and to have hope, and I think as a child especially you have a lot of hope and you believe in a lot of things, and your bedroom is a safe space and an imaginative space where you can escape and go off into wherever you want.''' ,'''My mom was obsessed with Joni Mitchell; I grew up listening to so much of her music. But it was never a prerogative to emulate her.''' ,'''I feel like women are so specific and special, that there's no point as a woman to emulate somebody. If you shoot for a masculine direction but be yourself, you're going to get something completely new, because your femininity will show up.''' ,'''Absurdity is my favorite brand of humor because deep down inside, in our subconscious, it's all surrealism. It's all abstract. The world is the surrealism, the absurdity, the humor - it all just overlaps.''' ,'''I always had a lot of empathy for the deep outcast weirdos in school. I was kind of like the more sociable weirdo, but I was always talking to the real weird ones.''' ,'''When I was about 15 I had already been recording on my four track in my room, but I couldn't find anyone in my town to be in a band with me. I was in a band very briefly with a bunch of guys and they kicked me out because they wanted to play grindcore. I think they didn't think I could tread hard enough or something. So I started playing solo.''' ,'''I think art should stand in its own neutral place, because I think that's how reality always is - it's this duality of being both hopeless and also full of hope.''' ,'''Our desire for interconnectedness, our desire to be seen, our desire to be acknowledged, our desire to be liked - these are all deep needs, these survival instincts we've evolved to function in a tribal society.''' ,'''Seven Words' is a wanderer's tale, a well-worn subgenre in the tradition of farewell songs. The tune itself is trying to evoke the familiar act of leaving somebody in order to save them, or continue seeking.''' ,'''I aspire to write like Robert Wyatt. I take a lot of inspiration from the way he writes.''' ,'''I do sometimes feel like I function within an echo chamber and I'm just kind of preaching to the choir.''' ,'''We all need a little something to believe in.''' ,'''I find Nevada to be extremely spooky.''' ,'''I think technology and smartphones created a huge paradigm shift that we can't fully comprehend, and I think in a lot of ways things are changing faster than we can really process.''' ,'''I love essential oils - there's one for every problem. It's kind of like nature's answers for what to put on your skin. I had acne when I was a teenager, and I did a pretty intense tea tree thing. You dilute it in a base oil, like carrot seed oil, which is good because it gives your face a little glow.''' ,'''I have my own cosmology that's kind of like an esoteric mix of a lot of different things that work for me and that to me, are worth exploring. There is a little bit of the archetypal Christianity that I've kind of reconciled because when you're raised that way, inevitably that infrastructure will persist into your adulthood.''' ,'''I really like a lot of different music, and it's taken a while to make them all work together as a unit.''' ,'''Lamantia is faith building, encouraging poetry in that it abstractly hugs you by finally capturing the inexpressible. It's an experience similar to relief, reading his poems.''' ,'''I think the American Dream is kind of a myth, especially for millennials.''' ,'''I love British folk music, but I'm not obsessed with it. I love the Celtic stuff, and Enya is a favorite, but that's more electronic.''' ,'''I can't stay within the constructs of societal expectations.''' ,'''We live in such an isolating time with technology and social media and I think that creates this feeling of having to connect, of having so many ways to connect but nothing's connecting.''' ,'''I don't use foundation or anything - sometimes just a little BB cream.''' ,'''I like to keep things deceptively simple, but hard-hitting. You can reduce everything to the perfect, essential harmony. It's what used to be done with earlier music like Gregorian chants.''' ,'''Anne Briggs is great, and I love Sandy Denny and Steeleye Span.''' ,'''There's a lot of artists out there who are pretty big but don't write their songs, they just have a lifestyle brand. These are all things that I think are a great enemy to music.''' ,'''I like baroque things.''' ,'''I can't read Jodorowsky's Twitter every day, firstly because I can't go on Twitter every day, but secondly because homie is an intense excavator of the human soul.''' ,]
+++