+++
author = "Aidan Gallagher"
title = "Aidan Gallagher Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Aidan Gallagher Quotes"
keywords = "aidan gallagher,aidan gallagher quotes,aidan gallagher quote,aidan gallagher sayings,aidan gallagher saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One of the things that interested me about Five was the trauma that was contributed via the apocalypse. I wanted to make sure that I got his PTSD correct.''' ,'''Five has always been this brilliant, very cunning, and weird little mind, so a number suited him, in a way, and he grew accustomed to it. The younger version of him is this bitter, not very sharing or necessarily caring person.''' ,'''I hope to be a source of change and inspiration to my peers, empowering them to reach out and take action that will ensure the healthy survival of all of our species and ecosystems.''' ,'''I believe that if today's youth work together raising our collective voice, we can affect the positive environmental change that Planet Earth needs so desperately.''' ,'''Holden Caulfield would definitely be an interesting role, but I think there was some problem with the rights. As far as projects, I definitely would like to get into something like that.''' ,'''What I try to do on my Instagram is provoke discussion and share environmental and sustainability messages.''' ,'''One thing people forget about is that behind the camera are hundreds of people without whom we couldn't make the show. Each of them is doing an important task, it's just the actors become the face of the series.''' ,'''I live in the same house as I did when I started acting. My life hasn't changed. Only people around me have changed with how they look at me.''' ,'''I found out that the animal agriculture business has a huge impact on our climate, so by cutting down on your meat and dairy consumption, you can have a huge impact and help the environment.''' ,'''I thought Umbrella Academy' was this really interesting and unique world.''' ,'''In the first season, Five was not very inclusive and he felt he needed to do everything himself. He didn't really open up to his family about the apocalypse. By the end of that season, he goes to them for help. He realizes he needs The Umbrella Academy - the full force of his family.''' ,'''It's very fun to see how fans react and theorize and get excited about what might happen in future seasons.''' ,'''It's very fun as an actor to be in the skin of Five and to have Diego as a brother. Those two characters, they both are very driven and determined, and where Five isn't as personable as he should be, Diego makes up for it.''' ,'''With social media, some people are supportive and there are some haters and people who make fake accounts. It's out of my control.''' ,'''That fight scene in episode two between Five, Hazel, and Cha-Cha at the department store was a lot of fun to shoot.''' ,'''Exposure is this thing people think they want but at the end of day it doesn't matter.''' ,'''I get to play a 58-year-old time-traveling assassin. The role had a lot of layers to it that I knew would be fun to break down and figure out the motives behind.''' ,'''I mean, my understanding is that the live-action and the comic book versions of the Umbrella Academy' will parallel with each other while still keeping their distance, so that fans of the comic books who have already read the storyline has something new to look forward to and in approaching a new season.''' ,'''You should cut down on your plastic consumption. Go get a reusable water bottle.''' ,'''When you go out to eat, bring a fork from home instead of using a plastic single-use utensil and ask them to hold the straw or use a reusable one.''' ,'''Because of social media today, the youth have more power in their hands than they've ever had.''' ,'''Billions are spent in advertising every year to make you think horrible things are good for you and to get your money for things that will kill you.''' ,'''Generally, when you prepare for a fight scene, you have a day before, where you're going through hours of choreography and getting comfortable with the different moves.''' ,'''It definitely takes a long time, because Umbrella Academy' scenes are very interesting from a writing point of view with all these very off-the-cuff, oddball characters who are all different from each other.''' ,'''I wrote Time' while I was filming 'The Umbrella Academy' and it is a tribute to the journey of my character on the show as well as to the music of My Chemical Romance, but it is also about the idea of living fully in the present moment.''' ,'''When I key into the character of Five, I'm generally drawing upon a mental state - not so much thinking about the 58-year-old side of him, just the way he reacts to things.''' ,'''I don't know that I could ever really pull off Ferris Bueller because that was done in such an iconic way already.''' ,'''I always look at the motives behind each scene. You can play that out tonally with how you express yourself or you can do that with your physical expression, your physical presence. So I always think about what physical presence I want to embody in each scene.''' ,'''Shooting Umbrella Academy' is like shooting five movies. You're working with a cast of incredibly talented 30-year-olds who all know what their mission is.''' ,'''I'm actually an only child with very supportive parents, so I didn't have the sibling rivalry to draw from.''' ,'''With any second season, it's a tricky balance between keeping what fans loved and also making sure it feels new.''' ,'''I always had an idea of how Five should be and it was very funny to entertain that idea when I got an audition for it.''' ,'''One of the first things that I tried doing in terms of taking action on a personal level was trying this campaign called meatless Mondays' so one day a week I would try to adopt a plant-based diet.''' ,'''Anytime you approach a new season of any show it's fun because you have a newfound history with these characters.''' ,'''As an actor, the first day of any production is the most stressful.''' ,'''I've always looked at the world of Umbrella Academy' with the world that I live in.''' ,'''When you are ten years old and people are screaming your name, trying to grab you at the Kids Choice Awards, and you go to the mall and groups of girls start following you around, it's very unreal and like a dream. I can't say I get used to it, it's always been a little freaky.''' ,'''The United Nations is calling this the decade of action, from 2020 to 2030, because if we don't take immense action, there will be irreversible damage. If we don't, we are looking at an increasingly difficult world to survive in.''' ,'''I am committed to lending my voice and participating in action campaigns to support the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals that must be achieved by 2030.''' ,'''As far as what part of myself I brought to Five, I've always considered myself not really my age.''' ,'''I get a lot of hate posting vegan, environment and pollution stuff.''' ,'''In the comics, there's a lot to sort of digest with Five. He's 58-years-old. He's trapped in this body. He has a genius level intellect. He's insane. He has a wife who's a mannequin. And when you're reading this on the page, it's just like, Wait, wait, what?'''' ,'''I know how much money goes into every minute of production and how many people are counting on me, so I don't ever want to be one to let anyone down.''' ,'''It's always fun to do another season of The Umbrella Academy.'''' ,'''When you're in seeing someone like Ellen Page, and you're right then, it's just the two of you. You're locked in. There's this incredible subtlety and control of the actor who's sitting across from you that you're really required to step up your game.''' ,'''One of the great things about The Umbrella Academy' and its TV version is that there are 10 hours of footage, so characters are a lot more fleshed out and further developed.''' ,'''Quarantine has really affected me in terms of thinking about what the rest of the world is going through and what isolation within a small space might be like.''' ,'''I was a huge comic geek growing up and even made my own comics.''' ,'''He just gets progressively more and more stressed and as his anxiety builds up, so does the chaos behind his eyes. That was very fun as an actor to see that sort of bubble over and really take over Five, and him really succumb to his suppressed insanity.''' ,'''I don't know that I would say I've felt like a 58-year-old, but I've never felt exactly my age, or in the right place.''' ,'''I don't know that Five was a good person before he got stuck in the apocalypse, in a way that really made him a bit more open-minded.''' ,'''I grew up a fan of comics and hanging out in local comic book stores, talking to the store manager and seeing what their favorites are.''' ,'''I'm 15 and everything I'm doing right now is really exciting to me, so, actually, whatever I'm into at the moment, I'm somehow able to stay very focused on. I just keep moving forward.''' ,'''Five has sort of had his own little life aside from everyone. He spent 45 years in the apocalypse, and that took a toll on him and was a big part of his overall trauma.''' ,'''I think people want to feel that it is possible to overcome differences to work together in times of stress. Maybe that's why so many people are looking for an alternative to the standard superhero movie or TV show. They are looking for characters with more dimension.''' ,'''Teens say there's nothing I can do because I have no vote. The truth is, the only vote that matters is how you spend your money and who you give it to. Each coin is giving power. Notice and be careful who you give your power to.''' ,]
+++