+++
author = "Martin Kemp"
title = "Martin Kemp Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Martin Kemp Quotes"
keywords = "martin kemp,martin kemp quotes,martin kemp quote,martin kemp sayings,martin kemp saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's nothing worse than swollen feet after a long flight so I always wear comfortable shoes, usually trainers.''' ,'''Success for me has been turning a hobby into a job and when my kids left school, I did the same for them.''' ,'''When I was growing up, a Saturday job was a rite of passage, every kid had one.''' ,'''I won't feel I'm Roman's boss just because I'm his dad. I've never had that relationship with him at all. It wasn't the way we brought him up. We were friends. If Roman did something wrong, I showed that he hurt me rather than telling him off.''' ,'''What greater thing can you do than walk on the moon?''' ,'''I love greengrocers. When I walk in I always look at their pyramids of fruit to see if they have done it properly because I thought I was an expert pyramid builder.''' ,'''When you become a parent, you have all these ideas about how you're going to treat your kids as they get older. But as you get to those points it always changes. I actually like the surprises.''' ,'''The more famous you become, the better you can get the job in front of you.''' ,'''I'm not really romantic. I'm just not the guy who brings home flowers and chocolates, but I do choose my moments.''' ,'''A lot of things in life only become historic in retrospect, but we knew that Live Aid was a historic day while it was happening. Two billion people around the world were watching it on television at the same time. It was a massive moment.''' ,'''I'm basically a shy person.''' ,'''There was a moment when Thierry Henry returned to Arsenal for a game against Leeds, and the whole of the ground was waiting for him to come on. He came on and he scored. And he went right down the pitch, and jumped into Arsene Wenger's arms. At that moment I was bawling my eyes out. I could see how much it meant to him.''' ,'''I was brought up in a council flat in Islington with only an outside lavatory. And there were plenty of kids I knew who later ended up in prison.''' ,'''I was a shy kid so my parents sent me to Anna Scher's theatre school. That's how I got my first proper role aged ten in the BBC show 'The Glittering Prizes.'''' ,'''I'm so used to being in a drama, or something like that, where you have everything planned out.''' ,'''Saint Tropez and Ibiza were the true essences of early New Romantics.''' ,'''Everything in life prepares you to do something else, no matter what you do.''' ,'''With shows like 'Made In Chelsea,' we all know what they're doing is rehearsed. So why not have an audience phone-in element? They can make the decision on what they're going to argue about.''' ,'''I was 18 when I signed my first record contract and in those days fame was a lot of fun.''' ,'''My mum Eileen, a former machinist, made some of my costumes for 'Top Of The Pops.'''' ,'''We used to have a nanny who was obsessed with Take That. She was in love with Mark Owen and her room in our house would be plastered with Take That posters. Whenever I used to walk in the door she would be playing Take That songs to Harley, my daughter. That's when I fell in love with the song 'A Million Love Songs,' that song means a lot to me.''' ,'''There was a greengrocer on Rotherfield Street off Essex Road in Islington, north London. My brother Gary worked there for a couple of years and when he moved on I took over.''' ,'''I wanted to play for Arsenal.''' ,'''Live Aid's one of my favourite memories of all-time.''' ,'''We all go through moments of depression. It's part of being a human. Sometimes it's not circumstantial, what makes you feel that way, it's a chemical thing. You can get some help.''' ,'''I find the older I get - carrying this thing called fame - the more I close myself off. That's what you do.''' ,'''Every time you do something good you have to stand back and breathe the moment in.''' ,'''I've worked with lots of actors who sit at home for years waiting to get a job, then as soon as they do, they want to go home.''' ,'''The best thing my mum and dad ever did for me was keeping me at home and giving me time to find my feet.''' ,'''I'm not a big fan of Russian airlines where you can tell the plane is about 50 years old.''' ,'''I think improvisation is a skill, that if you learn it at a really young age then you can use it for the rest of your life, whether that's acting or singing.''' ,'''I think we all subconsciously take inspiration from TV.''' ,'''If you walk through life and you relate to everybody who looks at you, it would send you mad. So you close those people off, and you end up in a very small, tight bubble.''' ,'''Having brain tumours made me appreciate my family more. It made me appreciate everything more.''' ,'''We grew up in Islington, north London, in a Georgian terraced house that nowadays would be split into flats. Our grandparents lived upstairs, there was another tenant living up there and downstairs was the office where people in the area paid their rent.''' ,'''The violence in 'EastEnders' is a lot more dangerous than the violence in 'Family.' It becomes dangerous when it is softened, like in 'The A-Team.'''' ,'''I remember playing six nights at Wembley in the 80s. I partied for three of those straight, with our friends Duran Duran. Back then, the fun was about the after-show - who was coming to the party and whether they had a guest list pass.''' ,'''When I was younger I really challenged the boundaries of fashion, I guess I always have.''' ,'''If you've seen 'Hustle' before, 'Hustle' is kind of like one degree over reality. It's always heightened, which makes it fun to watch in the way that they play it, in the way that stories are, even the way that it's shot - the camerawork is heightened and it's meant to do that.''' ,'''In the Eighties, London was unbeatable for nightlife and for clubbing it would have been Ibiza. But my clubbing days are behind me.''' ,'''My wife Shirlie was in Wham! when we met, so we were moving in the same circles.''' ,'''I think it was my mum and dad who taught me how to love and how to think a relationship works, and I think it was by watching them.''' ,'''It's fun for me playing bad guy or good guy.''' ,'''To be amongst people that know their lines and you're the only person that doesn't is just bizarre.''' ,'''There's not many jobs where you go home and are still smiling.''' ,'''I'm a working-class guy.''' ,'''I've never felt comfortable in the spotlight. I never felt pretty enough or wanted people to look at me.''' ,'''Spandau wasn't just about the music; it was about the fashion that went with it too. We were part of the New Romantic movement that happened around the Blitz nightclub in London, and we thought the best way to sell the band to America was to take the whole package to New York.''' ,'''Sometimes when somebody wants to take the lead it's nice to take a back seat.''' ,'''I'd grown up with no money and, when money had come into my life, I hadn't cared about chasing it. Earning it was very exciting, but only because it gave me the chance to be generous with my mates and show them how much I loved them.''' ,'''When Take That came around my band had just come to an end and I was settling into acting life.''' ,'''Music was far more tribal in the Eighties; you were into one band and that was it.''' ,'''Whether it was 'The Krays' or 'EastEnders' or the songs in Spandau Ballet, if you do a good job or make something that people enjoy, that's not something you want to move away from. I was never in a rush to get away from what people enjoyed.''' ,'''Some of the gangster films I made - not so much the 'Krays,' because I'm really proud of that - but some of the films I made after that... There are a few of those movies I wish I'd never gone near. I'm proud of about 10 percent that I've ever done. If I never see the rest again I won't mind.''' ,'''I think one of the blessings of being involved in music is that you end up liking a bit of everything.''' ,'''Fame is great when everything in your life is going well. But when it goes wrong, when you're having to jump on a bus, because you can't afford to pay for a taxi, and you catch people looking at you. It might sound strange, but you feel ashamed. And that's hard to deal with.''' ,'''I used to struggle a lot with the depiction of violence in 'EastEnders.' I had more meetings with producers about that than anything else. Because it's kind of cartoon violence, and I worry when my little boy watches it.''' ,'''I went to a party in Ibiza in 1984 in this house built into the side of a cliff with glass walls. It was the most dramatic thing I'd ever seen. There was a fountain that ran through the house and off the edge of the cliff. If you've ever seen the Peter Sellers film 'The Party,' it was the spitting image of that.''' ,'''When somebody takes themselves seriously that's fodder for comedy. I think every musician goes through certain periods of their career where they're all guilty of that - Spandau Ballet included.''' ,'''When I was young, I first went into the theatre which opened up across from my house. My mum and dad put me in there, not to become an actor or anything but to get rid of my shyness, which was so bad, to the point it was painful. My time there was all about encouragement and improvisation.''' ,'''For me it's the funniest show on TV. 'Benidorm' is such old-school, 'Carry On,' panto humour. It's so warm.''' ,'''If something makes me cry, I cry out loud. If something makes me laugh, I laugh out loud, because that's what it's made to do.''' ,'''When I lack confidence now, I channel a bit of Steve Owen and that transforms me.''' ,'''Bowie's my hero.''' ,'''My parents taught us respect for other people, and for other people's things.''' ,'''If you're lucky enough to come from, I was very lucky when I grew up, I grew up in a house fill of love, my mum and dad had no problem showing love in front of me, which I think is why I want to teach my kids how to love.''' ,'''When you're in a band you can stay a teenager for years; my mood was determined by what number we were in the charts.''' ,'''I can't dance. There's some things I have to admit I can't do, and dancing is one of them.''' ,'''When I grew up in television you couldn't go on a game show without being suited and booted.''' ,'''When you're acting, playing the bad guy, you get a chance to open up this box inside and look at all the bad things that you've got in there.''' ,'''Charisma always was the important thing to me.''' ,'''Every TV show you want to do, they want to look in your house. It's God's honest truth, they want to send a TV crew round to your house!''' ,'''I remember watching Cilla Black with my mum and dad - I must have been about six years old - and getting off the chair, going over to the TV screen and kissing her. I was sitting with Cilla once and I told her that and she laughed.''' ,'''I like Virgin Atlantic and always feel at home on British Airways.''' ,'''I joined Spandau Ballet not because I wanted to be the best musician in the world, but because I wanted to be Elvis Presley, Marlon Brando.''' ,'''I'm a typical 2016 TV viewer: I like short bursts of heavy watching.''' ,'''I think love gets better the older you get.''' ,'''When you have kids, things come at you that you don't expect and you twist and turn to sort it out.''' ,'''Like any working-class boy growing up in north London, I wanted to be a footballer.''' ,'''Apart from my family, the closest people to me in the world are the guys in the band.''' ,'''In 1995, I discovered I had two brain tumours. The process of having them removed went on for about three years. It was a long and drawn-out time, wondering whether or not I was going to die.''' ,'''As a child I was painfully embarrassed by everything, always blushing and unable to make eye contact.''' ,'''Given how shy I was as a kid, the young me would be astonished to discover that I've made a career out of acting.''' ,'''It's fun being on a film set full stop.''' ,'''When Spandau were at the peak, there was a lot of pressure on us as brothers that kind of saved the band for years. If there was ever a moment where the band might explode, it was left to me and Gary to go off and have the biggest argument - I remember having proper fist fights with him in the 80s - and that got rid of the tension.''' ,'''My favourite genre is probably Seventies rock: Deep Purple, Black Sabbath. I love that stuff because it's what everyone was into when I was a teenager.''' ,'''It's quite hard sometimes coming into a show where everybody's quite cliquey, where everybody's been set for a number of years and you're the guest star. It's quite difficult, it's nervewracking in a way.''' ,'''If you do something you love doing, it keeps you young and it keeps you healthy. That for me is what success is.''' ,'''Father's Day used to be the only day you'd say I love you to your dad.''' ,'''My mum and dad were together 55 years, I don't think they spent a day apart.''' ,'''As a teenager, I used to carry the equipment for Gary's band, so I was kind of like his roadie. Every night after a gig, I'd go to bed dreaming of being in the band myself.''' ,'''I present, I direct, I act - I do all these things and I live inside this wonderful bubble called entertainment.''' ,'''Gary and I have been working together all our adult lives and there aren't many brothers who have that opportunity, or they have that opportunity but can't make it to the finishing line. I love the fact that I get to spend so much time with him and I'm not sure there's any other job, except being in another band together, where we'd get to do that.''' ,'''I cry all the time.''' ,'''The last six months of 'EastEnders' were a struggle and when I watched Steve Owen's character on screen during that time, I could see that the sparkle had gone out of his eyes. I'd always wanted him to be based in reality, but towards the end, it started to get into too much of a formula.''' ,'''I was always proud of the fact that Spandau and Duran Duran were like Oasis and Blur or the Beatles and The Rolling Stones - where you pick two bands of a generation and you're either on one side or the other.''' ,'''I had 10 wonderful years in Spandau Ballet. It was an incredible way to grow up, to hang out with your best mates, discovering the world, discovering who you are.''' ,'''Our first record with Spandau Ballet went to number five - I guess we were offering something different and it appealed.''' ,'''I do believe there's a bit of bad in everyone.''' ,'''It definitely raises your game, working with your brother. You don't want to let each other down.''' ,]
+++