+++
author = "Katie Leclerc"
title = "Katie Leclerc Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Katie Leclerc Quotes"
keywords = "katie leclerc,katie leclerc quotes,katie leclerc quote,katie leclerc sayings,katie leclerc saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I got my first job when I moved to Los Angeles. I worked at a coffee shop for five years and it was one of the best experiences I ever had. It was a bunch of actors covering shifts for each other and becoming great friends.''' ,'''In the deaf community, in order to play a role of someone with a hearing loss... you have to have hearing loss.''' ,'''I was born in San Antonio, TX, but moved to Lakewood, CO in elementary school. Then, I moved to Valley Center, CA in high school.''' ,'''I wasn't sold on 3-D until it was in my own home. The images jump out at you, even more so than in the theater, because you're in tighter quarters and you're closer to the TV, so it feels like the depth is very dramatic.''' ,'''The iPad was my first splurge after I got my first paychecks. I paid off the debt, and I now bring the iPad with me to auditions.''' ,'''I'm a total nerd. I love comic books and video games and most of all zombies!''' ,'''My junior year, I was in a play at school and five days before opening night, I still didn't know my lines. Opening night was a disaster. I was so embarrassed. The director made me work backstage for the rest of the performance.''' ,'''When I played 'Annie' in the seventh grade, I knew from then on that I wanted to be an actor.''' ,'''It's really important to be active in your community, whatever community that is... find allies and find people who you relate to and who make you stronger as a group.''' ,'''In my normal life, I do not speak with an accent. It's harder for people to realize my hearing loss in everyday life.''' ,'''I have a condition called Menieres disease which is a problem with fluid retention in the inner ear. It has four symptoms: ringing in the ear, pressure in the ear, fluctuating hearing loss, and attacks of vertigo.''' ,]
+++