+++
author = "Liam Cunningham"
title = "Liam Cunningham Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Liam Cunningham Quotes"
keywords = "liam cunningham,liam cunningham quotes,liam cunningham quote,liam cunningham sayings,liam cunningham saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The best thing you can do to an audience is to make them work.''' ,'''I don't feel superior because I think there's no God. Actually, I would love to be able to go, 'Well, the world hasn't been kind to me, but there's something good around the corner, because the Man has a plan.' I wish I believed that. There's wonderful comfort in that.''' ,'''I get that people are worried about their mortgages and bills that have to be paid. They don't have time to worry about the Syrian refugees, and I get that. The thing about it is, when it gets worse and worse and worse and down the line, it's no longer restricted to these places.''' ,'''You always have to have a bit of fun if somebody is dead in a scene. That's a red rag to a bull for an actor. You do a little poking. You do things to annoy the actor. It's your job. You have to utilize the opportunity. You have to get through the day.''' ,'''I still say I have no interest in being an actor - I just love acting.''' ,'''Good luck to you if you're lucky enough to have faith. Some of us aren't lucky enough. My mother has great faith and finds great comfort in it, and I'm jealous of her!''' ,'''The best kind of television should mess with your head.''' ,'''I love my arthouse films, and I love taking a chance.''' ,'''I think everybody should have an interest in peace prevailing and the ridiculousness, the bestiality of war. I don't have any time for that. Anybody pulling a trigger is wrong. There is no right in war.''' ,'''I've spent a lot of years waiting for the right thing to come in - and now, after 'Thrones,' there's a possibility that I could actually have a hand in getting something made.''' ,'''I was walking home from school when I was about 17 with two friends, and they took a left into an electrical shop. While we were chatting away, they grabbed a couple of forms and I was handed one. My mum found it and made me fill it in. I got called for an interview, and that's how I ended up being an electrician for 11 years.''' ,'''I've always admired people like Donal McCann. He wasn't a household name, but if he put his name to something, you were guaranteed a good yarn at the very least.''' ,'''The superheroes have taken over all the screens in the world. And good luck to them: they're making a lot of money for a lot of people. But the studios are going to become victims of their own success. People are going to get bored with that stuff.''' ,'''I work like a dog when I have to, but when I'm not working, I get terribly lazy and could sit around all day.''' ,'''I hate the unfairness of injustice. Anybody who thinks they are better than others or 'chosen' or feel they have an entitlement... be it through monarchy, government or money. I think we are all born the same. We are entitled to an equal shot at life.''' ,'''A person has already made the effort once they open a paper or turn on the news. They want to know what's going on in the world around them. That, in itself, shows they care. But the problem is, most people say, 'That's terrible,' and then move on. Because they find it too difficult to look at.''' ,'''I've always loved movies, so I tried to get into an acting school. I saw an ad for the Oscar school on the back of 'The Irish Times,' and I went along for an audition, very pragmatically, to see if I could do it or not.''' ,'''If I was offered the choice of an award for best actor or best supporting actor, I would go for supporting actor.''' ,'''I'm an inner city man, born and bred.''' ,'''Whether it's theatre or TV or film, you're hoping you're going to bump into a writer that's got a bit of honour in him, that wants to tell a good story and is able to tell it well.''' ,'''Because I came to acting quite late, I kind of think one of the few attributes that I do have is that I try to be honest with the character, with the writing. I'm not a tricksy actor; I'm not exactly a scenery-chewing kind of actor.''' ,'''One of the biggest guys I worked with was Sean Connery. People like Sean, Michael Caine, Denzel Washington, they've been going for a long time, and not for nothing. They want to get this job right, and they realise the weight of responsibility on their shoulders.''' ,'''I had no acting background in my family and no experience of theatre. I hadn't even been in a school play.''' ,'''What makes us different from other species is our capacity for compassion and empathy with the struggles of other people.''' ,'''I don't consider myself - and I hope I'm never going to be - a 'movie star.' I'd like to be called an actor.''' ,'''I think HBO and a couple of the other cable channels in America are making some of the best television that's ever been made.''' ,'''There's a certain amount of joy in playing a character in the moment and not knowing what's going to roll out as it goes on. It's a bit like life, in a way.''' ,'''The attraction of power is heady, addictive. And as we know from real life, it can be a disease. A horrific disease.''' ,'''I've found that the older I get, the more spontaneous I become.''' ,'''There's an old actor's saying about how you don't work with children or animals. I disagree with both of them. Some of the best times I've ever had were working with kids because there's an honesty to them.''' ,'''I've got loads of ideas, but I need some structure in my life. I need a mission.''' ,'''I did a season at the Royal Shakespeare Company. People say, 'Why aren't you doing theater anymore?' And I say, 'Look, my kids have gotten used to wearing shoes.'''' ,'''I suppose I am a bit of rough. I'm originally from Coolock: I'm rough around the edges.''' ,'''The only thing an actor can do is, whatever lands on the carpet in the hall, you read it, and if you can't put it down, that's the job to do.''' ,'''It's not beyond me to take my kids to see a good popcorn movie that's a roller coaster ride.''' ,''''Game of Thrones,' people say that it's a fantasy series, but it's a hell of a lot more than that. It attracts the so-called geeks and nerds, and God bless them, they're wonderful for getting right into the show. But primarily it's about family; it's power and betrayal and jealousy. It's all those wonderful things that a fantastic drama is about.''' ,'''I love onions. I cook with them all the time.''' ,'''I live an odd existence. I dip into bizarre, very expensive worlds, and then I'm back with a bang to reality, and I put the bins out.''' ,'''I was an electrician, and now I'm in 'Electric Dreams.' It's almost bizarre.''' ,'''If you're doing movies on a set... many times, I've shot the end of a movie in the first week of shooting. Because of locations or budgets or actors' availability.''' ,'''I was so hungry when I started attempting acting. Not even to be a professional. Just to find out if I could act.''' ,'''I wasn't interested in being an actor per se, but I liked acting, and I liked seeing what people would do.''' ,'''Let's just shatter the illusion. I am not wealthy. I've lived in the same house for the past 30 years.''' ,'''The best kind of art or writing holds up a mirror to society.''' ,'''I was an electrician, and I started acting as a hobby because I needed a distraction - I was bored! And only when I started did I think, 'Sheesh, what have I gotten into?' I had to go after it fully; I just had to.''' ,'''I've never done a big series like 'Game of Thrones' before. All I knew was that it was HBO, and I'd seen what they had done with 'The Sopranos' and 'The Wire.' But when I started reading the script, it was a no-brainer. Yes, yes, yes. Gold. Every time I turned the page.''' ,'''When 'Games of Thrones' is finished, I'm not one to go on about it too long and rest on one's laurels. The stuff that interests me is the work.''' ,'''You have to look for story. That's obvious. If that's not on the page, you can forget it. But I also read whatever character I'm being offered. And if you can cut them out without it affecting the story, then I say no straight away.''' ,'''On a job, there's so much commitment you have to give, in regards to time, research... I like the tunnel vision of it that prevents anything else from getting in. The creativity and collaboration required there is very rewarding.''' ,'''If anyone gets arrogant about their religion, that's when the religion isn't effective anymore. Any decent religion or any decent philosophy is always about tolerance and individual freedom, not about harm.''' ,'''The way I view drama is life with the boring bits taken out.''' ,'''I'd always admired Sean Connery. Even though I wonder about some of his choices, I like him even in bad movies.''' ,'''Paris is cafe culture, Dublin is pub culture, and that's the best place to solve all the world's problems: over a pint! One of the great joys of living, I think. The problems of the world seem to disappear.''' ,'''The demonization of people who don't have a voice is particularly despicable, and the only thing we can do in our own little way is hold a mirror up to society and kind of say we're better than that.''' ,]
+++