+++
author = "Audra Mcdonald"
title = "Audra Mcdonald Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Audra Mcdonald Quotes"
keywords = "audra mcdonald,audra mcdonald quotes,audra mcdonald quote,audra mcdonald sayings,audra mcdonald saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Maybe it's because my uncle and my parents were always very involved with the civil rights movement, so I just grew up and I was raised that you have to speak out and look out for your fellow man, woman, and child.''' ,'''I certainly miss playing piano, and I really wish I did it more - it's really a very therapeutic thing to do for me. I just need to be home for more than a few minutes to be able to play more, I guess.''' ,'''There's no perfect household anywhere.''' ,'''I used to practice Tony speeches in my bathroom with my hairbrush.''' ,'''Parenthood is an adventure.''' ,'''I admire but don't envy people who have children and also have big, wonderful perfect houses. Maybe Martha Stewart could do it; to me those two things aren't compatible, but I know our children will grow up with a feeling that home is a place of comfort.''' ,'''I don't see myself as a perfectionist.''' ,'''The authentic Gullah dialect is actually very clipped, and so it would sound almost Jamaican and be very odd to an American audience's ears. It's not the typical Southern dialect that we're used to.''' ,'''I used to be really into Bikram yoga.''' ,'''The arts are so important not only to society but to ourselves as human beings. It keeps in touch with our own humanity. So access to the arts in any way, shape, or form is vital.''' ,'''Anytime I get the chance to sing or work with Michael John, it is such an incredibly fertile and incredibly creative and safe and encouraging environment - and challenging, too, because he is so collaborative!''' ,'''I never in a million years thought that my life would unfold the way it has.''' ,'''I feel a connection to many songs that I won't sing because I don't think they are right for me! There is something in my gut that immediately responds. There's no science to it.''' ,'''I loved my time doing 'Private Practice' in Los Angeles, and I was quite challenged and excited to learn about the art of television, but I missed being on the stage.''' ,'''My voice isn't an instrument I can just hang up on a hook.''' ,'''I've been so lucky, with incredible mentors along the way, that now I need to be that for someone else.''' ,'''When you become a parent, it blows you open in ways that you never thought possible in terms of a level of love that I know I never thought I could possibly have.''' ,'''I just wanted to go to New York and be on Broadway, but then I was accepted by Juilliard, where they trained me in classical voice. It was great in the end, but at the time, I thought, 'What am I doing here? This is not my path.' But it was absolutely my path and where I was meant to be.''' ,'''I used to think I needed to have drama at all times, or I wouldn't have the fuel for the performance. Now I know that's not true. That doesn't mean I don't feel it, but I recognize it when I do and put the brakes on. And if the performance isn't what it might have been once, I've learned not to judge myself as much.''' ,'''The authentic Gullah dialect is actually very clipped, and so it would sound almost Jamaican and be very odd to an American audience's ears. It's not the typical Southern dialect that we're used to. It has a much more percussive rhythm to it.''' ,'''I auditioned for Julliard because I wanted to live in New York, and I wanted to be on Broadway at the time. Julliard seemed like right way to get there.''' ,'''When I was doing 'A Raisin in the Sun' with Sean Combs, we began in bed, and he would give me 10 kisses and an 11th for luck before the play began.''' ,'''Some days, I don't recognise my country, and other days, I see people being vocal and passionate, and I think, 'There's my country.'''' ,'''Not to get too sort of mystical, but I believe in fate. I believe when roles are presented to me in my life they're for a very specific reason, something for me to learn.''' ,'''I love talking with elderly people.''' ,'''I think they're an incredible honor. I'm grateful and flattered by them. But I have no control over winning awards - I have no control over any of that.''' ,'''When I first was exposed to 'Porgy and Bess' many, many years ago, I was blown away by it - loved the music, overwhelmed by the production at the Met that I saw, and thought I want to play Bess someday. But I also knew they were stereotypes that were considered racist.''' ,'''Without theater, I don't think I would have thought I was a smart person or excelled at anything.''' ,''''Go Back Home' encompasses not only actual geographic location but also, for me, back home in the worlds of music and theatre, and back home in terms of making albums again. There are lots of meanings to that.''' ,'''All you can do is do good work, and do the good work for the sake of doing the good work and your evolution as an artist. That's what's most important to me.''' ,'''I believe in not whistling backstage and not saying the name of the Scottish play.''' ,'''I came from a really musical family. I studied classical piano because my grandparents were piano teachers, but started doing musical theater at age nine in Fresno, California, and went to a performing arts high school. That was my life.''' ,'''There's a lot of traps you can fall into when you are playing someone who existed. If it comes out just as impersonation, that's bad; it has to be an embodiment. You have to live it, not just sound and look like it.''' ,'''One thing that is constantly on my iPod is India Arie - I like her a lot; I listen to her a lot. I think she is just a spectacular artist.''' ,'''I choose things that challenge me. I was afraid of the camera - that's why I chose to do 'Private Practice.' It's not like I left the theater.''' ,'''When I wanted to audition for a dinner-theater junior troupe in my hometown, I needed to have a piece of musical theater music to sing. I wasn't sure what I wanted to use. My mom and dad suggested that I sing 'Edelweiss' because I knew it from the music box.''' ,'''I find that I'm just drawn to anything that's going to challenge me as an actress. So, anything that's going to help me grow.''' ,'''I grew up in a nonprofit theater company in the heartland of central California, so I am very aware of the importance that company had not only on my life but my community.''' ,'''I am always so excited to get to know a new audience. My concerts are very personal experiences.''' ,'''I've spent my whole career trying to stay out of any box that anyone could put me in. 'I'm going to do a play now.' 'Now I'll do a musical.' That was my instinct. So I don't feel boxed in. But 'African-American woman' is part of my identity. I don't want to relinquish that - especially as a mother, helping my daughter find her identity.''' ,]
+++