+++
author = "Emily Weiss"
title = "Emily Weiss Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Emily Weiss Quotes"
keywords = "emily weiss,emily weiss quotes,emily weiss quote,emily weiss sayings,emily weiss saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Products are a way to connect with - or disconnect from - who you are.''' ,'''I am, in fact, a candle salesperson's worst nightmare - or dream come true, depending on the salesperson.''' ,'''This is hard to admit, but historically, I haven't worn sunscreen. I know - not good.''' ,'''When you own a pair of haircutting scissors, you cut your own hair constantly.''' ,'''My brain puts baths in the same category as yoga: it'd be 'nice' to relax for an hour, but I just want a 10-minute, high-impact workout; get in, get out. Showers are my cardio.''' ,'''We want to demystify and present things in real talk. That's why Into the Gloss struck a nerve. Glossier is not much different. We're providing this rich environment around products that help consumers understand their benefit.''' ,'''I love someone with something to prove.''' ,'''I approached fundraising as an opportunity to align myself with partners who have more varied experience and diverse backgrounds than I do to help bring Glossier to life.''' ,''''Into The Gloss,' what I think it did so well was create a conversation around beauty and make beauty the main event as opposed to the ugly step-sister, which it often is in magazines.''' ,'''I'm surrounded by women whose style I admire. It's natural to be inspired. I'm not a horrible copycat, or if I am, then I admit it and make a joke about it.''' ,'''My first lip balms were Bonne Bell Lip Smackers, which, correct me if I'm wrong, sometimes had little bracelets attached to the caps-meaning your lip balm could idly dangle from your wrist like a charm bracelet when not in use, not unlike some iPhone accessories.''' ,'''Where Halloween is concerned, I peaked in 2007.''' ,'''It's very important to me to have a female venture capitalist.''' ,'''Ultimately, we're making and selling a consumer good that needs to work and that needs to make customers happy.''' ,'''You don't need most beauty products. They're an emotional purchase. That's why the conversations are really important. What choice do you have but to ask your customer what they want?''' ,'''Your skin is like a plant. You have to water it. Make sure it's hydrated, not just squeaky clean.''' ,'''In beauty, there's this idea of this perfect picture, and I think, 'How about being present in the now, and a little messy?'''' ,'''Women are truly, truly awesome.''' ,'''People talk about body cleanses like there's no tomorrow - what about apartment cleanses?''' ,'''I like people who work hard.''' ,'''Sunscreen, in the world of beauty, is the ultimate in adulting.''' ,'''I like books that explore identity and youth culture or rites of passage.''' ,'''I grew up in a conservative New England town and showed up to my middle school orientation dressed like 'Clueless' while everyone else was wearing J. Crew and lacrosse uniforms. I never really fit into that preppy look.''' ,'''The single guiding principle that I try to follow, assuming blindly that the rest will fall into place, is to operate squarely in the present. I think it's one of the most difficult things for anyone to do.''' ,'''The creation of 'Into The Gloss' took less than a month. Glossier took twelve months and about a million dollars to hire the team, work with the chemists, order the inventory, get an office - you know, the whole thing.''' ,'''My musical inclinations are fine and dandy within the confines of my ears and my earphones but don't sit well with others.''' ,'''Glossier - our content, our products - it's for all for you; it's ours.''' ,'''We could be like a lot of consumer brands that start blogs after they start their business. But in our case, I think Glossier is still very much a content company. I think about our products themselves as pieces of content.''' ,'''We wanted Glossier to have an excellent customer experience and reach as many of you as possible from day one, so we went with venture - the stuff fast-growth, tech-enabled companies like Facebook, Amazon, and Apple are made of.''' ,'''I would rather be 'oily' than 'dry' on pretty much any part of my body.''' ,'''That power of the individual person - just the girl - is infinite.''' ,'''I just grew up loving beauty products. Going to the mall, and the Stila counter in the '90s. I was obsessed with hair dye.''' ,'''Into The Gloss is buoyed by the people on it, the people who read it and discuss it, and the people who work on it.''' ,'''Elin Kling is one of the most stylish women I know.''' ,'''I must admit that self-tanner is one beauty arena I've been hesitant to explore, let alone fully embrace.''' ,'''I have long been of the mindset that aviators are like leather jackets - when they're perfect, they give you 'instant cool.' They're the Alexa Chung of sunglasses.''' ,'''In our product development cycle, we ask and listen to our customer about what she wants.''' ,'''For some, Into The Gloss is just a blog, and that's cool. For us, it's the connective tissue between us and you, and that has paved the way for the creation of a very different kind of beauty brand: Glossier.''' ,'''I like to get rid of things; I don't collect many things. But I do keep great photography and art books.''' ,'''Freedom and confidence are two different things, in my book. Confidence is overrated - it can be faked, whereas freedom is fearlessness.''' ,'''We'll continue to invest in new technology because we think every woman should have the ability to be connected through her beauty knowledge, opinions, products, and routine.''' ,'''Our message has always transcended borders and cultures and is central to who we are as a brand.''' ,'''My December is typically one big, sweaty 'wintry mix' blur, not a punch-laden, heartwarming mixer.''' ,'''I'm on Instagram more than any other social platform.''' ,'''I'm a lover and consumer of beauty.''' ,'''French pharmacies probably feel like CVS to French people, but to me, they feel like a real-life version of 'Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.'''' ,'''My wardrobe falls into two camps most of the time: either very monochromatic and tailored or really vintagey, with '30s and '40s-style long floral dresses. I don't buy that much, so every time I invest in something new, it has to elevate what I have hanging in my closet.''' ,'''I like a semi-stressful massage - one where I can really feel something being worked out.''' ,'''Nobody said being platinum was easy.''' ,'''People often ask me, 'How do you go about choosing who to feature on Into The Gloss?' And I've never had a great answer. Ultimately, I think the #1 thing that draws me to someone is their sense of freedom.''' ,'''For male and female entrepreneurs alike, having a woman investor can bring credibility when discussing product positioning and expansion opportunities.''' ,'''Beauty is very intimate.''' ,'''When Glossier launched in the U.S. back in 2014, it felt small - but in a good way. We were able to introduce ourselves locally, start a community, and build something special together.''' ,'''I don't even need to know - if you have something to prove to your old boss or your dad or your third grade teacher or yourself, it doesn't matter. You need that hustle and that fire, and I don't care where it comes from.''' ,'''You learn a lot about people when you're sitting on their bathroom floor or on their toilet seat, rifling through their stuff.''' ,'''Augmenting your appearance so drastically that it elicits a reaction from literally every acquaintance you greet is a sea change.''' ,'''At Glossier, we're creating an edited collection of the best essential products. These are the ones that you reach for every day and will always have a place on your top shelf.''' ,'''If you're interested in a 'Teen Vogue' internship, take note: it's not all fun and games! Working at a magazine requires a ton of energy and endurance from its interns and editors alike.''' ,'''The great thing about interning at 'Teen Vogue' is that there is so much room for growth; interns here do incredible things if they work hard enough and think outside the box.''' ,'''A huge number of women are shopping for beauty products based on recommendations from friends, and we really look to be that friend.''' ,'''We're trying to create one holistic beauty experience where you can be inspired by other women, both the people we're interviewing and the community contributing to the conversation.''' ,'''We incorporate a lot of natural ingredients into our Glossier products, like sweet almond oil, which is great at getting moisture deep into the skin.''' ,'''I read every single comment that comes in.''' ,'''With 'Into The Gloss' and now Glossier, the reason it was successful was because there were so many like-minded women out there who were also dissatisfied with their beauty experiences.''' ,'''I feel like I have time to think when I'm in L.A. There's something about the spaciousness of it.''' ,'''There's so much pressure on women to have it all together. There's always this 'next, next, next.' I hope Glossier encourages women to be O.K. wherever you are. Just, everyone, relax!''' ,'''I always thought 'Into The Gloss' would be successful, but I didn't really know what my definition of success was.''' ,'''If you look dull, the easiest thing to do is wash your face with water, and immediately you look refreshed.''' ,'''I just have to stop biting my nails. I've been on and off that bandwagon so many times. I feel like it's going to be a lifelong struggle.''' ,'''In my humble opinion, having tons of products and furniture and magazines and clothes is not luxurious - living minimally is.''' ,'''Unlike a celebrity, there's nothing I won't try and nothing I won't talk about when it comes to my hair. If I were to get a tattoo on my inner upper arm, it would read, 'Change thy hair, change thyself.'''' ,'''I think reality television has made the fashion industry and the beauty industry, any industry - frankly, just life - it has made life seem much different than it really is.''' ,'''What no one tells you - or maybe they did tell me, and I chose not to listen - is that there's really no 'coming back' from bleached platinum hair. You sort of have to cut it all off and start over.''' ,'''At 'Vogue,' I was responsible for a lot of production work, and production work is highly detailed, and you have to be very resourceful to fit a square peg into a round hole. I learned to push the envelope when it comes to asking questions or making requests.''' ,'''So much of venture capital is pattern recognition.''' ,'''If I want to know how to do a black cat eye, I don't drive to a department store. I'll go on YouTube, cross-check reviews of a product, and then maybe talk about it on Instagram.''' ,'''One of the big things I've learned over the years and I'm excited that Glossier perpetuates is that wherever you're at, in terms of your scope of knowledge around beauty, is totally okay. And not just okay, but actually really valuable.''' ,'''Over the years of running Into The Gloss, I began to see a gap in the way beauty companies were creating products and marketing them to women. There wasn't one brand that really spoke to girls like me, who created products for real life. So we set out to create that brand with Glossier.''' ,'''Instagram has a faster chance of reaching me than CNN, and if I really want to know what's going on, I refresh my Twitter feed.''' ,'''We're not telling you that you need a concealer. We're providing a concealer in case you want it. We're trying to give you the tools to be able to make whatever decision you want.''' ,'''I am crazy for good branding and really admire companies that get it right.''' ,'''Glossier is not about throwing out everything you're using. If you want to keep using your retinols, your SPFs, of course you should continue.''' ,'''Everyone says to hydrate on the plane, but I don't.''' ,'''Glossier is really for anyone who wants to embrace the present and live in the now. It's about embracing constant change and who you are at any given moment, and that's often someone who's imperfect - and that's cool.''' ,'''I've had such an inspiring and formative journey in my career.''' ,'''I eat out alone a lot.''' ,'''I've had some not-great experiences with laser hair removal, probably because I haven't done what they told me.''' ,'''I love supporting female-owned companies and women who are awesome.''' ,'''You can make a million excuses for why something didn't go well, but ultimately, just fix it and get on with it. Be a solutions person.''' ,'''I knew that I wanted to intern at 'Teen Vogue' from the moment the first issue hit newsstands. Luckily, the team at Polo Ralph Lauren, where I interned during high school, really believed in me and arranged for an interview with the editors.''' ,'''My desk is more of a place where I set my stuff, and then I move around. If I'm at the office, I'm usually wandering around to different meeting rooms all day or taking people out or making tea. I'm rarely at my desk; it's just a place to hang my hat.''' ,'''When I think of baths, I generally think of children, the elderly, couples, and the English. Who takes baths? I mean, seriously - none of my friends take baths.''' ,'''Throughout your teens and twenties, it's pretty easy to live in a suspended reality - one where you never get old or need to spend much time thinking about 401Ks, mammograms, or renewing your license. You don't need me to tell you: that ends.''' ,'''The guardians of French pharmacies - the lab-coated salespeople - are busy, serious, and probably know more about your face than you do. Therefore, don't interrupt them, and if they ask you if they can help you, for God's sake, let them. They will not steer you wrong.''' ,'''Making a bougie, expensive beauty brand wasn't helping the mission or very fun for me. We can all be united by that $12 coconut balm. You don't need to charge an arm and a leg.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of being told 'no.'''' ,'''The ideal intern is committed, creative, organized, ambitious, independent, and able to crack a smile, whether meeting a celebrity or folding socks.''' ,'''I've never been one for color theory or color wheels or undertone rules or anything like that. I don't know if my red lipstick 'should' be more blue or more orange.''' ,'''When your lips get dry, is there anything more frantic?''' ,'''Toronto girls are super interested in skincare, which is actually kind of unique. Because in New York, the girls seem to be mostly interested in makeup.''' ,]
+++