+++
author = "Kenza Fourati"
title = "Kenza Fourati Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Kenza Fourati Quotes"
keywords = "kenza fourati,kenza fourati quotes,kenza fourati quote,kenza fourati sayings,kenza fourati saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There is nothing more dangerous for a population than self-censorship by fear.''' ,'''I think Tunisia has a specific place in the Arab world and in Africa because it is a tiny Muslim country, but it's very open minded. It's the first country to start the Arab Spring, for example.''' ,'''Women are very powerful! That's why I believe in women's rights and why I fight for it.''' ,'''I want a country where you can express different ideas peacefully and not be bothered and arrested unfairly for it. I want a country where you shouldn't be scared to say that you are an atheist, for example.''' ,'''If you were asking me how it is to be a Muslim in America, it's much harder to be a North African in France than to be a foreigner here in America.''' ,'''My skincare routine is pretty minimal. My must-have products are rose water, witch hazel, Embryolisse Creme, and Dr. Colbert's Eye Cream.''' ,'''My father was the nurturing one, the one who always made sure my sister and I ate properly and that our hair was brushed... He really took care of the logistics of our upbringing.''' ,'''Living in a polluted city like New York, I try to go on hikes upstate as much as I can.''' ,'''To be very sincere, I don't feel legit being an inspiration of anything.''' ,'''I'm a firm believer that your lifestyle plays a key role in the state of your complexion.''' ,'''After a shower, I slather my limbs with coconut oil or rose oil and pat dry. I use a dry brush to exfoliate several times a week to keep my skin smooth.''' ,'''The first time I came to New York, I was 14. I was on holiday, and I loved it! I knew that I would come back to live here. It's a city that makes you feel, very quickly, at home.''' ,]
+++