+++
author = "Catherine Ryan Hyde"
title = "Catherine Ryan Hyde Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Catherine Ryan Hyde Quotes"
keywords = "catherine ryan hyde,catherine ryan hyde quotes,catherine ryan hyde quote,catherine ryan hyde sayings,catherine ryan hyde saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I really only have been seriously writing, finishing things and publishing things since January '91.''' ,'''Those who write may think they know their target market. They may even feel they can shape the work to fit it. If this is true of you, you have more control over your creative process than I do. Even so, I humbly submit that you try letting your writing shape your target market instead and see what happens.''' ,'''When I write, my goal is to delve deeply enough into the human experience to find a sort of universality. Once you dig down underneath surface differences, we are all human beings. And all human beings want essentially the same things at our core. We want to love and be loved. We want to be safe. We want our loved ones to be safe.''' ,'''Sometime around 2006, I decided I had missed my true calling as a young adult author.''' ,'''I've been known to write 10 pages a day for 10 days running before I take a breath. I am not a disciplined writer. I'm one of those people who laughingly call themselves inspirational writers, which basically means someone who has no control over their own creative process.''' ,'''If you can't pay it back, pay it forward.''' ,'''One of the nice things about publishing with Amazon is that the window for marketing is much longer than with a traditional publisher because these titles are not coming off of shelves.''' ,'''As authors, we all have to learn not to be reactive to public statements about our books. It's really not our business what each reader thinks of them.''' ,'''The world I live in is not all white people, not all straight people, and it's not all people who have their acts together, either.''' ,'''I've always been ambidextrous, writing short stories and novels, and I pretty much have been writing a novel and a handful of short stories every year since '91.''' ,'''Grownups have a tendency to talk themselves out of things, saying it will never work, but kids are fabulously optimistic.''' ,]
+++