+++
author = "Christopher Knight"
title = "Christopher Knight Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Christopher Knight Quotes"
keywords = "christopher knight,christopher knight quotes,christopher knight quote,christopher knight sayings,christopher knight saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One of the hardest aspects of this protracted public persona is not knowing others as well as they feel they know me. It's a rather clumsy feeling actually; to not know someone who acts as though you're old friends.''' ,'''It's nothing to be ashamed of and that there are even beneficial traits associated with the condition. Most importantly, acknowledge yourself for who you are and if you're struggling with anything resembling ADD get professionally diagnosed.''' ,'''It's well known by now that I had a special need to get Maureen's goat when ever the opportunity presented itself. I was a boy and she was the enemy... a girl.''' ,'''Being a Brady comes with it's pleasures and its baggage. I'm not one given to a lack of privacy and invasion.''' ,'''It may part of a one way evolution... or it may be we are currently on the downside of an innocence cycle where one day, with an up cycle, sweet will be entertaining again.''' ,'''I'm not done with acting but do find my hands full with my current responsibilities. Soon, sometime soon.''' ,'''The Brady Bunch is a live action modern fairytale of family. In this context it's less odd that it's lasted for over thirty years; and why it may last in some respects as long as Mother Goose!''' ,'''It's an honor to have been part of something so core to so many lives. The show has evolved beyond it's original intent and form and has transcended... itself!''' ,'''To some it may be a thrill to be known, to me it's a thrill to start a friendship even up.''' ,'''I don't even have an agent or manager, but rather have a number of associates who I turn to when needed; or conversely when they hear of someone looking for me they'll contact me.''' ,'''Television is much better crafted today then in the 70s. The content is less positive but I'm one of those that feel our entertainment reflects our world, it's not a driver - art imitates life.''' ,]
+++