+++
author = "Jerome Boateng"
title = "Jerome Boateng Quotes"
quotes_len = "81"
description = "the best 81 Jerome Boateng Quotes"
keywords = "jerome boateng,jerome boateng quotes,jerome boateng quote,jerome boateng sayings,jerome boateng saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you fall down or slip in a situation, and somebody scores a goal, it's normal. These things happen. It happens to me; it happens to other players, I don't care about these things.''' ,'''I will always look back with great pleasure on the time spent in the DFB team.''' ,'''I would like to concentrate fully on football during the Euro, and I would feel much better if my family is not sitting in the stadium.''' ,'''I intend to explore emerging trends, not only in fashion but also in music and everything related to sports.''' ,'''Over the years, you get better at timing because you've been through the situations thousands of times. The ball goes over your head; he passes you on the right, left. Eventually, you just know what you have to do.''' ,'''If I can understand criticism, I take it very seriously. But it's a process; it doesn't happen overnight.''' ,'''I have always liked wearing clothes that help me stand out quietly, not loudly.''' ,'''I play where the coach puts me and try to help the team.''' ,'''When I got older, I wanted to have shoes that no one else had, so I started to choose different shoes; then it followed to my clothes.''' ,'''I had only one year in England and had not such a good time. Two times, I was out eight weeks with injuries.''' ,'''It would be a huge honour for me to wear the armband for Germany as the first black captain ever.''' ,'''Real are really powerful in attack, really strong in defence, and have a balanced midfield. There's a reason they've won two Champions Leagues in a row.''' ,'''Bayern is the biggest team in Germany, one of the biggest teams in Europe. Every year, world class players come along, so it's one of the strongest teams in the world.''' ,'''I think it's very important that you have a good relationship with the fans. You can't lump everyone together as a fan - there are different types of fans - but I think it's important to speak to them and get to know them.''' ,'''I experienced everything at FC Bayern.''' ,'''I wanted to set new goals, because if you say, 'Oh, I'm world champion,' you don't grow, and you don't keep your level.''' ,'''I stand for a Germany that is more colorful, cool, and optimistic about the future.''' ,'''My motivation is that I try to get myself to a certain point, and I want to win as much as I can in my career.''' ,'''I am happy to be a German. I'm proud, or I wouldn't be here in the team.''' ,'''I have much to be grateful for at Bayern, and I feel super comfortable. I can't imagine being at another club.''' ,'''For the most part, I don't care who plays at my side.''' ,'''In Germany, young players are given more time, more patience. In England, they prefer to buy already-high-level players rather than spending some time building up a really talented young guy.''' ,'''It's always fun to play against the best players. That's how you improve yourself.''' ,'''You meet somebody on a bus or something, and they say, 'Thank you for the World Cup; it was so good to see,' and stuff like this - it's funny.''' ,'''There is a no more complete striker than Ronaldo. Left foot, right foot, header - he is in perfect control of everything he does.''' ,'''Messi is so quick; he's so good. For me, he's the best player in the world.''' ,'''It's difficult to leave FC Bayern. Everything has to fall in place to top this club if I do it.''' ,'''Of course every manager has a different mentality, different philosophy.''' ,'''You don't get anywhere without hard work. The earlier you understand that, the better.''' ,'''My favorite sneakers, growing up, were always the Air Force 1 and the Air Max line. I started collecting when I was 13 or 14 years old.''' ,'''To get the title for your home country in another country like Brazil, the home of football - it was amazing.''' ,'''When you get a little bit older, you're always trying to do something different from your siblings.''' ,'''As a player, you would sometimes want a bit more public backing.''' ,'''As a child, I played on the road against bigger players. Due to my technical skills, I've always got by.''' ,'''It's really difficult for me to watch when I'm unable to play myself.''' ,'''The most important thing I learned during games is to be calmer, to try to smooth over other people's or my own mistakes, and not to tackle people unnecessarily. Patience was key for me.''' ,'''You mostly defend with your head, always reacting to the movement of opponents and teammates. I had to become more aware of that, play with much more consideration, the way you drive a car: you always need to look left, right, and the rear mirror to see what's going on around you.''' ,'''Keeping up your concentration is one of the hardest tasks when you're a centre-back because a team like Bayern tend to dominate and can give you sense of false security.''' ,'''I can play at full back on either side, but I prefer the central defensive position.''' ,'''I have to open the game from my position. It's really important to play with the ball.''' ,'''When you have two daughters, you are complete. The whole day changes for you. It's a lot about them, how you act, how you feel, and when they were born; it's a completely new situation... Of course, sometimes you have to say, 'No, this isn't right.' But I always wanted to be a young father, and I am very proud of them.''' ,'''I try every day to become a better player - passing more to open the game - I try everything because you can always be better.''' ,'''Jay-Z is one of the biggest stars in the world and such an icon. He was so down to earth. It was like talking to a friend. I have huge respect for how he handles everything.''' ,'''You need bad times to become a better and strong player.''' ,'''When we lose the ball, I don't want to win it back directly. I act smarter now, have better anticipation, and also start earlier when somebody tries to lob the ball over me.''' ,'''It is not a normal game when you play against your brother.''' ,'''I had injuries - even when I was younger, I had problems with my back. I had to grow up very fast.''' ,'''The Ballon d'Or is nice, but at the end of the day, I want to have success and play good, and if people recognise me, then I'm happy.''' ,'''I feel completely contented at Bayern - one of the biggest clubs in the world.''' ,'''I have improved both feet for my passing game as well as in the vertical play into attack, whether that be low balls or longer balls.''' ,'''Under Pep Guardiola, it's hard work. For me, Guardiola is one of the best coaches I've ever met. He's incredibly clever and tactically really good, and he knows how to speak to us, how to motivate us, and that's what it is like.''' ,'''I had enquiries from Paris-Saint Germain and Manchester United, and I considered them.''' ,'''If a player has jewelry or a cool car, people in Germany are instantly jealous.''' ,'''It was especially tough following my shoulder injury. I was able to play again after three months out, but it wasn't the same Boateng. I had the feeling I was in another body.''' ,'''No matter how often I was knocked to the ground, I always got up. Nothing knocks me down.''' ,'''I know my own mistakes; I know when I have to do better.''' ,'''Messi simply cannot be stopped by yourself. Ronaldo is easier because he is more about athletic prowess.''' ,'''Sometimes you lose, sometimes you win, sometimes you are unlucky, but that's life.''' ,'''I don't want to be criticised for wearing sunglasses in the sun.''' ,'''I like to play against strikers and think that, from my size alone, I'm more of a central defender.''' ,'''It really should not matter which colour of skin a person has. I know where my roots are, and I know that I've been born and raised in Germany. I see myself as a German, and I like to show that.''' ,'''It is not about classical career questions but about questions for your life. Those are the questions that drive you on as a human being.''' ,'''I like to watch the NBA.''' ,'''I am the type of guy who regenerates very, very well.''' ,'''When I'm warming up on the sidelines, I can often hear monkey chants. Me, who played so many matches for Germany.''' ,'''I purposely got involved in the American market, as I'm really interested in it. I find the way they do marketing there really cool.''' ,'''It's absolutely fine to be a bit more reactive and not chase after the ball at times. But you cannot be passive.''' ,'''In football, you can never know what happens in the future.''' ,'''I believe my strengths are my pace and reading of the game.''' ,'''Football should and has to remain beautiful - entertainment, a celebration for everyone.''' ,'''I've had three injuries, and one took from 2016 to 2017 for me to recover. Three months I was out because I wasn't perfect, and I lost a lot of games for this injury.''' ,'''I'm very happy at Bayern.''' ,'''I was young myself and reliant on older players to make room for me.''' ,'''Messi and Ronaldo are the toughest. But I would also place Eden Hazard of Chelsea, Neymar of Barcelona, and Karim Benzema of Real Madrid on the list.''' ,'''I do feel my African side, but I've always wanted to play for Germany. Ghana did contact me, but I told them and my dad that I was sure I wanted to play for Germany.''' ,'''As a player, you know whether you are 100 percent or not.''' ,'''Fatherhood has changed my whole life.''' ,'''We can only stop Cristiano Ronaldo as a team. In front of goal, he's like a machine. You can't shut him out completely; he always gets his chances in a game because of the lines he runs and his excellent timing.''' ,'''At Bayern, if you don't win the Champions League, it's always a criticism because we have a great team, but most of the people forget that there are other great teams, and it's not that we aren't special.''' ,'''I didn't think every day, 'I'm world champion, I'm world champion,' not at all.''' ,'''I'm a fighter - I learned this as a child.''' ,]
+++