+++
author = "Mayawati"
title = "Mayawati Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mayawati Quotes"
keywords = "mayawati,mayawati quotes,mayawati quote,mayawati sayings,mayawati saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I am fit to rule the largest state of India, why can't I run the whole country?''' ,'''I am not afraid of conspiracy, as it has always consolidated my votebank with a renewed resolve.''' ,'''BSP gives tickets to Muslim candidates in areas where they are in good numbers so that they can enter Parliament and Assembly. On the contrary, Congress gives only a few tickets to the minorities.''' ,'''Our government, keeping aspirations of the Brahmin community in mind, will construct a statue of Parshuram grander than the one promised by the SP.''' ,'''Despite its size and its long porous border with Nepal and increasing Naxal problems, U.P. had not been treated at par with the Congress-rules states like Delhi and Maharashtra in terms of funding for police modernisation.''' ,'''When the BSP comes to power, modern hospitals and community centers will be constructed especially in the name of Parshuram - considered the symbol and pride of the Brahmin community- as well as an icon of other religions and castes.''' ,'''BJP has traditionally been against backward communities and minorities.''' ,'''I have no hassles handling U.P. For 57 years, the state has been ruled by non-BSP parties which is why it is so backward. In my first term as the chief minister, in four months I did the work of four years.''' ,''''Neechi rajniti' does not mean politics of backward communities. Modi has distorted the statement to link with caste to play backward card for political gains.''' ,'''People know that the Samajwadi Party will bring back Goonda Raj.''' ,'''I have worked not just for the Dalits but for all sections of the society.''' ,'''During the BSP regime, many schemes were started in the name of prominent saints belonging to different castes. However, these schemes were renamed when SP came to power reflecting its casteist mindset.''' ,'''I knew that women politicians face a lot of problems in their lives, so, I dedicated my life for the weaker communities, stayed unmarried.''' ,'''Respected Kanshi Ramji has supported my rise in politics right from the beginning.''' ,'''Whenever I have taken a major decision in my life, I have known that I will have to work very hard.''' ,'''Every MP in the NDA wants to become a minister, which is not possible. So they keep pulling each other down.''' ,'''I have never done anything wrong which could hurt anybody's feelings.''' ,'''No one could stop me from becoming the chief minister of U.P.''' ,'''100 days employment in a year is not enough for poor.''' ,'''If you want your uplift and development, vote for BSP.''' ,'''The BJP members and their leadership have realized that the Bahujan Samaj Party's policies are not anti-upper caste.''' ,'''Efforts must be made to make BSP a viable alternative to form government in the state.''' ,'''I am a hard-working girl.''' ,'''We don't agree with the notion of the government to remove governors. It is unconstitutional.''' ,'''In every community there are poor and unemployed people.''' ,'''The bureaucrats tremble because they don't perform. In the past nobody checked their work. Now that I do it they are scared.''' ,'''For me, every election is equally important. That is how I have approached all elections.''' ,'''Congress party talks about Dalits but does not involve them in important decision making process.''' ,'''Apart from being a chief minister, I am also the national president of my party. So I have to take care of the party in other states as well as in U.P.''' ,'''You see, in a family everyone is not alike, someone may be a weakling. Now, as head of the family, it is natural for you to focus greater attention on the weaker member so that he can be brought at par with the others, isn't it? But that does not mean I am sidelining the others.''' ,'''My aim is to have a Bahujan Samaj government at the Centre, which was also the dream of Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar.''' ,'''Election can take place in U.P. anytime and I want BSP workers to pull up their socks.''' ,'''BJP and RSS leaders used to attack my government over the construction of Dalit memorials and statues, including of Dr. Bhimrao Ambedkar, in Lucknow and Noida.''' ,'''Rajnath and Mulayam Singh are birds of the same feather.''' ,'''The 'sanskari' people in the country address me as 'Behenji.' Even my parents address me as 'Behenji' and so does Akhilesh Yadav.''' ,'''When the BSP was in power, there were no communal riots.''' ,'''No one should interfere in the religion of another.''' ,'''I have done more for Muslims than Mulayam Singh Yadav has.''' ,'''No party talks about taking support of any other party unless it is unsure of its victory.''' ,'''BJP can only divide and terrorize people.''' ,'''I prefer to be known as a leader for all the communities.''' ,'''The Congress-led UPA government is not releasing development funds and criticizing my government for not taking adequate steps for development. This shows that Congress is only playing politics for electoral gains and is not serious about development of the state.''' ,'''Congress Yuvraj Rahul Gandhi's visit to houses of poor sharing food with them or night stays will not alleviate poverty. Nor can poverty be tackled by implementation of rural employment scheme.''' ,'''People have understood the designs of opposition parties, especially of BJP. It could trigger Hindu-Muslim riot in Uttar Pradesh before the state Assembly elections and people should beware of this.''' ,'''We have given a government where people feel safe... we gave Dalits a life of dignity.''' ,'''The Electronic Voting Machines were tampered with in every election since 2014 to defeat the BSP.''' ,'''The Congress and its kin parties such as the BJP are up to grab the rights of Dalits.''' ,'''Why did Modi not declare his caste if he is from backward community? It makes clear that he is not from backward community.''' ,'''I want to tell BJP and Congress that BSP is not a toy for anyone. It's an independent party formed at the national level.''' ,'''BJP's flawed policies and arrogance have done nothing for the country so far and will not offer anything in the future either.''' ,'''Mind you, if I were taking money for transfers, I would not have been able to even look the officials in the eye, not to speak of dealing with them with an iron hand, which I have been doing.''' ,'''When I decided to come into politics, the one thing that I had in my mind was to help the weaker sections. Therefore, nobody should accuse me of nepotism.''' ,'''Our party's symbol is the elephant, and its weight, size and strength symbolize Uttar Pradesh.''' ,'''If the leaders of backward castes had done something for the community, then there would have been no need for the BSP. They didn't, so we exist.''' ,'''The BJP is in power because of the wrong and anti-people policies of the Congress.''' ,'''People know that my policies are meant for development of all communities.''' ,'''We don't want our MPs to become greedy like those of other parties.''' ,'''When I will become prime minister, SC Mishra, Naseemuddin Siddiqui and Swami Prasad Maurya will be Union ministers with with important portfolios but the chief minister of UP will only be a Dalit who has dedicate his life for BSP.''' ,'''I don't just issue instructions. I follow up to see if they have been obeyed.''' ,'''Politics being done by BJP and Congress by leveling accusations at each other over India-China border issue is not in the interest of the nation. It is a matter of great concern.''' ,'''Business people have always liked my administration because we gave the best law and order.''' ,'''The break-up of Samajwadi Party is not good for BJP.''' ,'''In U.P., there will be stern action against terrorists. But there is a clear instruction that no innocent person should be taken into custody during the course of action against terrorists.''' ,'''Which school did Modi go to? Either teacher was not good or he did not take interest in studies.''' ,'''I am not scared while I am in Uttar Pradesh. But after BSP got an absolute majority there and began making inroads in other states, the other parties got unhappy. That's why they keep telling me to stay in U.P. where I have my own Government and I can be safe.''' ,'''For the Gandhi family, U.P. elections have always been a big picnic.''' ,'''Both the BJP and the SP are trying to create communal tension but people have become aware.''' ,'''Our party is not against any caste or religion. Our party is not caste or religion specific. We want to make a society based on equality.''' ,'''When you walk into anybody's house with footwear, you tend to bring in germs and bacteria.''' ,'''There is a possibility that the BJP can start the construction of Ram temple in Ayodhya just before Lok Sabha elections. They can even sponsor some dramatic events in the name of patriotism to save their government and hide their failures. Be aware of such conspiracies.''' ,'''I want to make it clear that BSP will not extend any kind of support to Modi or NDA to form the government at any cost.''' ,'''Delhi is the capital of the country. People from all over the country come here for work. If anyone falls ill and is being denied treatment because the person does not belong to Delhi and the Delhi government does not provide treatment, then it is very unfortunate.''' ,'''We will get an absolute majority, I don't need anybody's help, the BSP will form the government on its own.''' ,'''My association with my parents and family will end the day they will ask ticket to contest election or seek ministership.''' ,'''Muslims have realized that a vote for the SP means wasting their vote.''' ,'''We cannot fight just as Dalits. I understand for centuries people have fought each other. It is not easy to bring them together. But we have done this in U.P.''' ,'''I have come to know that in BJP married women get nervous when their husbands go near Modi, fearing that like him their husbands may also leave them.''' ,'''What is needed is permanent jobs and the Centre has done everything to discriminate against the Dalits by not releasing funds for them.''' ,'''Under my rule, even ministers and MLAs of my party have been sent to jail when found indulging in corruption and criminal activities, whereas in previous regimes no action was taken against any influential person.''' ,'''I have asked Centre for scheduled caste status to 13 backward classes including Kewat, Kahar, Kashyap, Mallah, Nishad, Lonia, Kumhar, Dheevar, Bind, Machhiara, Lohia-Chauhan, Nonia and Dhangar.''' ,'''In 2007 elections, people voted for us in the hope that we would get rid of Goonda Raj, as the criminals of SP had made life difficult for them.''' ,'''Every party faces ups and downs. After independence, parties like Jansangh and BJP had been finished.''' ,'''Our party's economic policy will be people-oriented. But our government will neither give doles to the poor and unemployed, nor distribute saris. We will give permanent employment.''' ,'''You cannot wipe out Dalit's poverty just by embracing poor children and spending nights in their huts.''' ,'''Apart from being a Dalit's daughter, I am also the daughter of India.''' ,'''The SP leadership is busy fighting among themselves. The only party that can stop the BJP from coming to power is the BSP.''' ,'''I have good relations with many BJP leaders.''' ,'''I stayed away from family life and stayed fixated on getting rights for the backward castes. This is why I could never have a family, as it brings added responsibilities, and people start accusing them of giving more importance or focus on their families.''' ,'''We will use political power as a tool to improve the lives of the people.''' ,'''I have always ensured that law and order was maintained during my tenures as Chief Minister of the state.''' ,'''If I can become U.P. chief minister, then I think a day will surely come when the dreams of our people will come true.''' ,'''I feel the UPA government has realized that it is not coming back to power.''' ,'''I have been chief minister twice. In 1997 I was in office for six months, and during that period I did a lot of work, much more than what anybody can do in six years.''' ,'''The owner of Wikileaks has gone mad or he has joined hands with our opposition parties to malign my government.''' ,'''BSP does not believe in organizing violent protest. It's a disciplined party and follows democratic process to oppose anti-people policies of government.''' ,'''The people of the upper castes who have ruled for so long won't give up power so easily.''' ,'''Sugarcane farmers are suffering in U.P... their grievances are being ignored amid empty announcements. When our party was in power, we made sure dues of sugarcane farmers were paid.''' ,'''Congress has no vision for U.P. They want to milk U.P. for those 80 parliamentary seats.''' ,'''It is the BSP that will get Brahmin votes. In fact we will get votes of all communities.''' ,'''I will take sanyas from politics but I cannot contest election with the BJP.''' ,]
+++