+++
author = "Rob Kardashian"
title = "Rob Kardashian Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Rob Kardashian Quotes"
keywords = "rob kardashian,rob kardashian quotes,rob kardashian quote,rob kardashian sayings,rob kardashian saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to experience Dallas. It's a new city where I see new business opportunities.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with neon sneakers.''' ,'''I don't think people truly know what I have done or that I've actually had a regular job.''' ,'''I think it's corny and cheesy for a dude to holler at a girl. That's just disrespectful in my mind. I may talk to girls, but I don't hang with girls; I don't date girls. I haven't really found anybody.''' ,'''No one wants to see a boring tube sock.''' ,'''I am working on a dress sock line of funky, colorful, cool designs.''' ,'''I don't want to compare myself to anyone else, but there's Paul Smith, who I think does a great job. I feel like once I sort everything to the best quality, I'll be able to compete with them.''' ,'''I don't have dance history or background.''' ,'''I'm very nonchalant. I don't care about anything.''' ,'''I don't like to use my last name. I don't like it attached to things because people think you can just stamp your name on something, and it's not organic or that you're just doing it for money.''' ,'''Literally, my job is I make socks. That's all I do.''' ,'''I'm very big on doing my own thing.''' ,'''Thank God, I have the opportunity to do what I love, which is my family and work on a business and try and make it the best that it can be.''' ,'''Not everybody even gets to live with their own family because they have to go to L.A. or New York or wherever to work and find a job and leave their family back home. But every day, I get to work with my family - if I want to.''' ,'''I still love to eat, and my diet isn't perfect.''' ,'''You can't be nervous when you know your steps.''' ,'''We're a very close family. Nothing changes.''' ,'''I've been surrounded by women my whole life, so obviously I love fashion... But I'd like to do my own thing and focus on what I love. If people accept it, they accept it. If they don't, they don't.''' ,'''I'm not really a fan of sleep, to be honest with you. I work out at 9:30 or 10 o'clock at night, and sometimes I just keep going. I've never been a big sleeper.''' ,'''I won state cross-country competitions several times during high school.''' ,'''I'm a Pisces - emotional.''' ,'''I don't like to get in front of people.''' ,'''I feel like dress socks differentiate you in a different way - especially men in suits who just have the traditional business suit. The dress sock is the way to change it up in your mind and I like wearing my pants up higher so you see them.''' ,'''Honestly, I don't remember the last time I had a dream. I don't really sleep often enough to be able to have any dreams.''' ,'''There really aren't too many sock companies.''' ,'''I feel like more than 80% of the world wouldn't get up in front of 40 million people and dance on national television, and if I have the confidence to do that then that's a step ahead in my life for me in terms of personal goals. I will gain a lot of confidence on all aspects right there.''' ,'''I literally change my phone number 10 times a year and I don't ever save my contacts.''' ,'''Arthur is my middle name; George is my dad's middle name.''' ,'''In high school, I worked at Abercrombie & Fitch, and once I graduated from business school at USC, I started a company with my partner and had a nine-to-seven job.''' ,'''I think I lie way too much to even know what I've lied about.''' ,'''I sleep with my baby blanket, Kiki, that my nana made for me.''' ,'''I just kind of wanted to do something where you don't just see 'Kardashian' everywhere.''' ,'''I have only a couple friends, but I've known them since, like, you know, fourth grade or something. I've never changed anything about my little group of friends. I think if you're just smart, and you have the friends who care about you most, that's really all that matters.''' ,'''I reorganize my closet nearly every week.''' ,'''If I could be anyone, I'd choose the lead singer of Arcade Fire, Win Butler.''' ,'''My favorite ice cream is Haagen-Dazs coffee.''' ,]
+++