+++
author = "Toni Tennille"
title = "Toni Tennille Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Toni Tennille Quotes"
keywords = "toni tennille,toni tennille quotes,toni tennille quote,toni tennille sayings,toni tennille saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My mother did play classical piano, not that well. And actually, my father sang with the big bands - he sang with Bob Crosby's band - but he had to give up show business when his father died. He had to come back to Montgomery and take over the furniture store.''' ,'''I'm the 'Muskrat Love' girl.''' ,'''In 1972 through '74, right before we hit it big, we were hauling our own equipment into the club and setting up and playing for, I don't know, a hundred bucks a night.''' ,'''Actually, the year 2000 is our 25th anniversary of doing Captain & Tennille. I can't believe it. It's like, how is this possible?''' ,'''The Stones can get out there and do it till they're old men. But certain groups are sad-looking to me.''' ,'''I am just the most boring person you will ever meet. I'm the good Southern daughter. I'm not outrageous.''' ,'''My years of ballet and jazz dance lessons didn't make me any more graceful - they just helped keep me from bumping into the furniture on stage.''' ,'''In 1969, I wrote a musical called 'Mother Earth.' It was a rock musical with an ecology theme. We did it at the South Coast Repertory Theatre in Southern California where I was a member. It was a smash hit in this small theater.''' ,'''I just don't read reviews, because it can really hurt you.''' ,'''The biggest surprise to people is that I sang background on Pink Floyd's 'The Wall' album.''' ,'''My heart is with the standards. That's what I was raised on. I'm perfectly comfortable with pop. I feel lucky because I'm pretty versatile.''' ,'''Once you've established yourself with hits that become part of people's lives, then they pretty much always want to see you.''' ,'''There was a period after my first solo album came out that about 50 per cent of my work was with symphonies and big bands. We did the Captain and Tennille as well, but it ended up being about 50-50.''' ,'''I was uncomfortable with that kind of fame when you're in the tabloids every day.''' ,'''I'm not going to be rockin' n' rollin' when I'm 50 years old. But you can be in your prime on television, compose songs, or write a Broadway play when you're 50.''' ,'''Any woman can be a siren one minute and in pigtails the next. I am a very complex person with more than just the one facet that television played on.''' ,]
+++