+++
author = "Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce"
title = "Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce Quotes"
quotes_len = "95"
description = "the best 95 Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce Quotes"
keywords = "shelly-ann fraser-pryce,shelly-ann fraser-pryce quotes,shelly-ann fraser-pryce quote,shelly-ann fraser-pryce sayings,shelly-ann fraser-pryce saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm getting tired of 10.7s. I just want to put a good race together, and hopefully in the next race, I get the time I'm working for. I definitely think a 10.6 is there. Hopefully I will get it together.''' ,'''Education is paramount in light of so many things that are out there.''' ,'''Hard work is something that comes without saying for us to achieve the things we want.''' ,'''If anyone wants to ask a question or to suggest something, I'm always open.''' ,'''For me, I've not really focused on a world record. I'm just trying to put a complete race together, and when I do that, then fast times will come.''' ,'''Women's sprinting is something the sport should appreciate more.''' ,'''Being in Jamaica, I feel comfortable there.''' ,'''There will always be a lot of pressure to cope with.''' ,'''As aspiring athletes, you should never give up on your dreams. Just believe in yourself, and everything will be possible.''' ,'''I am looking forward to my next race. What comes, comes.''' ,'''There are still many things to work on - the start, the transition, the finish. I am not just going to sit around and wait.''' ,'''My second 30 is actually very good, where my turnovers are very quick. I just want to put a complete race together, once I get out of my drive phase, I want to hit my next 30 very hard.''' ,'''No matter where you come from, we all share the same struggles as human beings, and my beginning is no different.''' ,'''I don't pay any attention to records. I don't want pressure. I just want to get to that line.''' ,'''As athletes, our job is to train and compete.''' ,'''Everybody talks about Bolt. Now they can talk about the ladies who are running some really wonderful times.''' ,'''Because I knew how hard I worked, I knew the pain, I knew the sacrifice, I knew the tears, I knew everything. Despite everything, I stuck to it. I toughed it out, and I kept my head in the game, even when the odds were against me.''' ,'''It's never the plan to be tentative.''' ,'''As athletes, we sit and think, when international media or whoever make judgments or statements about Jamaica, 'Why aren't members of our federation coming out and speaking up for us?'''' ,'''For training, you know what works and what doesn't work. And you know where you fall short and you need to pick up, so I'm not worried about the age factor.''' ,'''It's Jamaican women and children who are my inspiration.''' ,'''My message always is: No matter where you are from, no matter what past you have, it is all about your future and your goals.''' ,'''What has happened is just cases of athletes neglecting to correctly check the supplement they've had. It's not like they are deliberately or intentionally cheating.''' ,'''Getting three gold medals is something I'll really cherish.''' ,'''I always have a new haircut.''' ,'''I'm glad women's sprinting is taking the course it is.''' ,'''I remember running at school sports day, and I would win everything, but I wasn't a super athlete or a superstar at high school.''' ,'''I'm trying not to overwork the muscles because I'm thinking about accomplishing this great feat.''' ,'''Thinking about what Jamaicans want is a bit pressuring. So I try not to think about what Jamaicans want until I get the job done.''' ,'''I was just really excited to win the 100m, 200m, and 4x100m in Moscow and then, to top that off, to win the Diamond Race in the 100m and 200m.''' ,'''I like it when I'm chirpy and happy, so I decided to do my hair green. I got my sunflowers too - I was like a living, walking garden.''' ,'''I didn't execute to a tee. But my coach always told me if I went out there and did my own thing, it's OK as long as I win.''' ,'''I'm ready to run; it's my job.''' ,'''I am one of those athletes who is very hard on myself.''' ,'''I grew up in poverty and my mother had to sacrifice a lot for us to eat and get an education - just imagine in a house where we were more than six children! But hard work and dedication is what it took for me to be here today.''' ,'''Just do your schoolwork, focus on a sport if you're good at it, do what I did.''' ,'''I let my times speak for myself.''' ,'''The road to success has to have obstacles because, at the end of the day, when success comes, it will be that much better.''' ,'''When you have good runners, you always run fast. That's the motivation for me. But I have room to improve in my technique and in the start.''' ,'''Sometimes, we didn't have enough to eat. I'd go to school with no lunch money, and my school would have to provide it.''' ,'''I don't know much about the history of track and field, but I know Gail Devers.''' ,'''I wanted green in my hair, so I did green. And I got my sunflowers to match. I've never done it before. Just said, 'OK, I'm doing my hair green.'''' ,'''I never - in my dreams, doing track in high school, I didn't imagine it would turn out like this.''' ,'''A master's is a lot more work than my first degree, but I'm an athlete who knows what she wants. I made up my mind, and I'm determined that this is what I'm going to do.''' ,'''Sometimes things are a blessing in disguise.''' ,'''We need our children in Jamaica - especially those suffering with dyslexia, autism, cerebral palsy - to get more attention.''' ,'''There is always the excitement of running races.''' ,'''My mum wouldn't let me go outside. Coming back from school, the gang men sometimes would say things, but I would walk by, never answer, and my mum would go tell them leave me alone.''' ,'''I just want to execute a good 200 m. and see what is the best I can do.''' ,'''I definitely believe our coaches are now leading more and learning more. They are hungry in terms of getting the athletes to improve. I believe it's now more mental than anything else, and I'd like to assist in that area.''' ,'''I didn't know I was the first woman to have won three world titles, but hey, that's awesome!''' ,'''The 200 m. is not my best event, and it's something I am learning.''' ,'''A lot of people do run well at 60m but can't transfer it to the 100m because there's still 40m to go, and anything can happen in that last section.''' ,'''We are making strides in educating our athletes.''' ,'''I have been tested a lot by Jadco and different parties wherever I go, so there is nothing to hide.''' ,'''Some things as an athlete are very important for us. Representing our country for us is important.''' ,'''It's not about where you're from: it's about how to deliver.''' ,'''I was just a normal athlete. My mother tried to spark something in me. She was an athlete in high school before she got pregnant with my older brother. She was 16, and that was it for her when it came to track and her education.''' ,'''Usain is Usain, and he always has the spotlight because of what he has accomplished, so we can never take that away from him.''' ,'''I don't dwell on things. When I won the World Championships in Moscow, I came back - that was it.''' ,'''It all comes down to who wants it most.''' ,'''I want to tell Jamaica, Happy 50th Anniversary.''' ,'''When I came here in 2008, nobody knew who I was. I didn't know who I was. I was just enjoying the moment and I won. So, now, coming back being the person I am with all the accomplishments, it kind of puts things in perspective.''' ,'''I am surrounded by great people.''' ,'''I'm getting to be an expert in finding hairdressers in foreign cities.''' ,'''I live my life very clean and transparent - so I have nothing to hide.''' ,'''For me, I try not to think about it too much, because you find that if you think about it too much, then you start to panic at every little thing that goes on in training.''' ,'''I guess I've been to the hairdressers in more than 10 different countries.''' ,'''If you represent our country, it should represent us. It's supposed to be a two-way thing, but we live and we learn, and it's getting better.''' ,'''No matter what comes, I will always work hard and do my best.''' ,'''The 200 m. is the event I want to get better at.''' ,'''I've said many times that I'm not one of those people who check statistics, follows history, and says, 'If I do this, what will happen.'''' ,'''I had a really bad running posture: like, I ran, literally, dropping on my face.''' ,'''We are doing very well for our country internationally, but when we are in Jamaica, our athletes are not being looked after. We are selling our country and marketing our country to the world and not being paid for it.''' ,'''The only thing I advocate for is for equality for female athletes because we train just as hard, and we're always having a lot of head-to-head clashes, always competing against each other.''' ,'''My confidence is not in man, it's in God, and so I look forward to the semi-finals with that in mind, absent of fear.''' ,'''I just line up, and I compete.''' ,'''It's hard to judge how you are feeling physically.''' ,'''It is so important that our federation stands by our athletes.''' ,'''I think I get going because I try not to put added pressure on myself because a lot of times, you can be very good at what you do, but when you get ready, you have to be prepared to get it going.''' ,'''It means a lot to defend my title.''' ,'''I enjoy running in Doha. The stadium is close and intimate, which makes you feel connected with the fans.''' ,'''It takes a lot of hard work to stay committed and focus on what I wanted to achieve.''' ,'''When they announce who I am and what I've achieved, I still pinch myself to make sure I'm not dreaming.''' ,'''I just trust in God, work hard, and focus on executing.''' ,'''My coach and I will have these arguments where I am in pain or something is wrong, and I won't tell him because I feel like I need to train. We have a blow-up of arguments, and he says, 'Shelly, you need to tell me when these things are happening.'''' ,'''I like colours. I like to be bright and bold.''' ,'''I love chocolate!''' ,'''When I came here at UTech, everybody was saying I was too short, and I shouldn't think about running fast; it's going to take me a while to run fast.''' ,'''I'm a professional athlete - one who's supposed to set examples - so whatever it is I put in my body, it's up to me to take responsibility for it, and I have done that.''' ,'''My ambition is to sit behind a desk and work.''' ,'''I don't think I could survive in cold places.''' ,'''We are the ones out there competing, and yet we read articles and listen to people making accusations about Jamaica, and there's nobody there to take a microphone, be a big person and say, 'What you're saying is wrong, and it's a lie.'''' ,'''The plan is to always start properly and execute a good race.''' ,'''I want to do new things, and I want to do more 200s than 100s.''' ,]
+++