+++
author = "Naomi Alderman"
title = "Naomi Alderman Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Naomi Alderman Quotes"
keywords = "naomi alderman,naomi alderman quotes,naomi alderman quote,naomi alderman sayings,naomi alderman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like things that take you by the hand and say, 'You think you know about this - you think you understand it - but there's so much that you don't.'''' ,'''There's some really good stuff in the way I was brought up. There's some really rubbish stuff as well.''' ,'''If gaming were seen as an art, the important question would be not whether games are good for us but whether they are good, full stop.''' ,'''It is a very different feeling to be in a fat body that is moving a lot to one that hardly moves at all. It feels like love. As simple and as joyful as that.''' ,'''I was reading the Bible in Hebrew from a very young age, so that'll shape ideas about how words can move the world.''' ,'''Twitter's strength - and its weakness - is that it makes it extremely easy to share every passing thought with everyone on your friends list.''' ,'''For years, I looked down on my mother for shopping at Asda, and now I feel very ashamed of it.''' ,'''Writers of feminist dystopian fiction are alert to the realities that grind down women's lives, that make the unthinkable suddenly thinkable.''' ,'''The truth is, none of us is OK, not really. The best, most dear, most thoughtful and engaged and open and feminist men in my life have occasionally come out with some statement that's made me gasp. Then again, so have almost all the women.''' ,'''More choice doesn't make us happy, and we understand that no one has infinite choices about how to live life.''' ,'''I've been a comics fan since my first hit of those gateway drawings: Judy, Asterix, and the TV cartoon 'Spider-Man and his Amazing Friend' - which naturally led me to Spider-Man comics.''' ,'''Utopias and dystopias can exist side by side, even in the same moment. Which one you're in depends entirely on your point of view.''' ,'''I've got the brain for systems and a head for figures.''' ,'''I've always had a real interest in the way that science fiction can portray a world that could be different to our world, which I find a really exciting thought.''' ,'''It's very easy for a writer to spend much too much time in her head.''' ,'''I suppose the idea about all Orthodox religion is that it's a kind of submission, obedience.''' ,'''Let's teach boys at school the personally and economically valuable skills of self-expression and emotional intelligence, of mediation and problem-solving.''' ,'''I've always been a reader of science fiction, and I have loved a lot of feminist science fiction.''' ,'''What makes 'The Handmaid's Tale' so terrifying is that everything that happens in it is plausible.''' ,'''I'd been to an Orthodox Jewish primary school where, every morning, the boys said, 'Thank you God for not making me a woman.' If you put that together with 'The Handmaid's Tale' in your head, something will eventually go fizz! Boom!''' ,'''The demands of having to be 'masculine' are as damaging to men as the demands of having to be 'feminine' are to women. I wish we could all agree just to wash it all away. Begin again.''' ,'''The thing about having true fans, it seems, is that they remain loyal to their idea of what the work meant to them. And that might make them more exacting than the toughest studio executive or publishing boss.''' ,'''I wish it were true that every child had access to an education that helped them reach their full potential.''' ,'''Too many keep-fit ideas are designed for those who are already fit, and they're just no fun.''' ,'''What I want is a world where neither gender nor sex are destiny. Where no child is ever told there's anything they can't do, or must do, 'because you're a boy' or 'because you're a girl.' It's not a world where anything is 'taken' from anyone - it's one where everyone's possibilities are enlarged.''' ,'''My parents are both intellectuals and readers; my mother would take me to the library every few days from before I was one year old.''' ,'''Writing is investigation.''' ,'''Sometimes you feel like the people who invest in hate are winning. Then you just want to talk about love and what it really means to love yourself.''' ,'''Gaming is our cultural bogeyman - we blame it for everything from child obesity to violence to short attention spans. But any explanation that fits every situation ultimately explains nothing.''' ,'''Expect to be disgusted by your own early work. If writing is your vocation, if you hope that it might be your salvation, push on through the disgust until you find one true sentence, a few words that say more than you expected, something you didn't know until you set it down.''' ,'''We urgently need to address the assumption bound up in our employment laws and custody arrangements that women are the 'natural child carers' and men don't really want much to do with their children.''' ,'''I used to think there was something cheap in trying to make beautiful sentences. Now I think language has its own ways and ends, and it does one's thinking good to try to serve them. Beauty isn't truth. But a certain kind of clear beauty will help in the pursuit of truth.''' ,'''If you hold strong convictions against gay marriage, you shouldn't apply for a job as a registrar.''' ,'''I had a year of panic attacks. I was feeling really pressured, like I could never do it again. With a first novel, you put things on hold because it takes so much mental energy and self-belief to keep on writing.''' ,'''I love books. I want to read them, and I want to own them so they're always available to be reread.''' ,'''If something is a problem, it's all right to admit it.''' ,'''Personal trainers, however nice, give me PE teacher flashbacks.''' ,'''I am someone who really would like to see more women in government, but Palin makes me cringe every time I hear about her.''' ,'''It's absolutely delightful to get dressed up for a lovely evening, but when it goes from being a fun thing to being a chore, and a chore that men don't have to do, then we need to think about it differently.''' ,'''It's hard to describe why one room and not another feels right for writing. Of course you have to train yourself to be able to write anywhere, but it's nice to feel that each book has a place that belongs to it, where it's home.''' ,'''Competitive sports may be where exercise becomes 'fun' for children who are good at it, but for those who are less talented, it is where exercise becomes not only physically demanding but also emotionally painful and socially humiliating.''' ,'''I listen to terrible music when exercising. I mean, like, early Madonna, Boney M, the Fratellis, Shakira... I can't claim interesting musical taste.''' ,'''The value of the arts cannot be measured by its ability to preserve life but rather to enhance existence.''' ,'''I feel powerful when I'm onstage talking to an audience. I like communicating; it feels like my calling in the world. Knowing what you're meant to be doing with your life is pretty bloody powerful.''' ,'''I hate to be one of those people who forwards links to 'hilarious pictures' or 'brilliant games' to half their contacts database.''' ,'''I have a suspicion of lockstep and everyone looking in the same direction: that's a key character trait in me.''' ,'''I honestly can't think of many more truly romantic gestures than a really well-thought-through prenuptial agreement.''' ,'''I have no wish to offend, but I do think that holy cows need challenging.''' ,'''I hope that there are many more women out there writing bits of feminist sci-fi. And men, also - men are allowed to write feminist things.''' ,'''For millennia, human beings have been finding new ways to look at the world through each others' eyes: from projecting ourselves onto the characters in novels or movies to dressing up in costume to devouring the details of some celebrity's life in 'Hello' or 'OK.'''' ,'''I've been paid less than men I worked with who contributed less to the project.''' ,'''I find it particularly irritating, if I go to a games conference to speak about my work, that often it's presumed that I'm the marketing girl - that's annoying.''' ,'''One of the hardest challenges posed by the modern world is how to deal with abundance. It's even harder to confront because admitting that it's a problem seems spoiled.''' ,'''Games don't cause racism. But the real-time chat makes nasty comments hard to moderate and easy to spread.''' ,'''The women's movement gave me a set of tools to think about things like my body and how people react to me and the way that my dating life was going. It's a very practical movement - yes, it's about issues like how we can get more women MPs elected, but it's also about how feminism affects things like your relationship.''' ,'''I grew up an Orthodox Jew, and now I'm not an Orthodox Jew. So I have sympathy for people who lose their faith.''' ,'''I don't think I have any particular problem with God.''' ,'''In general, I'd rather ask questions and look stupid than keep quiet and not understand what someone's talking about.''' ,'''Our culture tends to denigrate things that are associated with women. It's OK for women to wear trousers, for example, but not OK for men to wear skirts.''' ,'''You learn the most from sitting down and doing the work, regularly, patiently, sometimes in hope, sometimes despairingly.''' ,'''The politics of fear are always the same. They are easily recognisable in retrospect. They are easy to acquiesce in at the time.''' ,'''I got my first library card, for Hendon Library in north London, when I was two years old.''' ,'''No human quality belongs to only one class of person. We all get to be both aggressive and loving. We all get to delight in our careers and revel in our children. We're all kind and brave, soft and hard, sciency and artsy, interested in being looked at and in admiring others' physical form. Everything.''' ,'''You can't write a thing that is hermetically sealed; there has to be a way for the audience to get in and participate. I think that's a massively valuable discipline for any artist.''' ,'''I think some people's brains have more of a natural bent towards God than others.''' ,'''After the novel was published, I came to feel that I couldn't call myself Orthodox anymore. It's so patriarchal, anti-women, anti-gay. There was something about writing 'Disobedience'... it felt like I had put it all in the book. I had done my best by it, recorded what it meant for me. I felt I was done.''' ,'''People who were always hardbodies love that competitive style of team-sports activity: they come up with timers and fitness contests and personal bests. But for the vast majority of people, competition in exercise is not fun. It's no fun to compete if you know you can never win.''' ,'''As someone who went to school in the '70s and '80s, I can't say that I noticed much of a 'medals for all' culture myself.''' ,'''We human beings get nervous if we don't know what's going on. It's the rule for creating scary stories: the unknown is always more frightening than the known.''' ,'''Just as readers often turn into writers, novel-writers often become novel-reviewers.''' ,'''When a marriage founders, this may well be cause for tremendous sadness, but it's not a failure of spirit or character. People change, their goals and dreams alter, their ideas of themselves grow, or they just meet someone they like better.''' ,'''I was incredibly inspired by Oprah Winfrey as a young woman.''' ,'''The species will continue, whatever apocalypse we manage to unleash. It just won't be much fun to live through.''' ,'''I find the sneeriness about 'selfie-culture' quite boring - I'm excited by young people taking control of their own images and finding out for themselves how much Photoshop has done for models.''' ,'''I hated sports at school. Almost everyone did.''' ,'''No one in tech has ever been as sexist toward me as teachers and rabbis before I was 12 years old.''' ,'''Claude Cahun is a fascinating artist - one of the few women to be part of the surrealist movement, she and her partner Suzanne Malherbe took on men's names and made artworks that investigated female identity long before 'The Second Sex' or Cindy Sherman.''' ,'''If I'm working every day, it's like pumping a pump. When you start, rusty water comes out, and then it runs clear. I do it even if I get completely stuck.''' ,'''We all know that the desire for perfection can get in the way of authenticity and enjoyment; it's the same with games. There's a completist part to many of us that can't rest until we reach the perfect 100% finish point.''' ,'''Feminists are asking the practical questions about how you want to live your life.''' ,'''I wish that positions of power dependent on education were as open to abused children, poor children, working-class children as they are to the children of the rich and successful. I really wish that were true.''' ,'''When I was 19, I wrote a novel, which was not very good, but I finished it.''' ,'''As a gamer, I can't think of anything more annoying for everyone concerned than playing games in a shared living room.''' ,'''I am a geek, and proud of it.''' ,'''My childhood was full of shocks and alarums, and I had to work a long time to make a life that pleases me.''' ,'''I really hope that men read 'The Power' and watch 'The Handmaid's Tale' and read 'The Handmaid's Tale.'''' ,'''I was there on 9/11. I watched the towers falling from my office window, at which point I decided I would give up my job at a law firm in Manhattan and come back to the U.K.''' ,'''The arts are valuable because they increase our sense of what it means to be human, not because of any specific skill or ability they confer.''' ,'''I've only got anywhere with Minecraft by getting my friends to explain it.''' ,'''Attending a book group is always a salutary experience for a writer. There's no guarantee that the people there will have enjoyed your book, and, as anyone who has taken part in a book group will know, half the fun is in ripping a book you haven't liked to shreds.''' ,'''I think when I was 7, at school they got us all to write the story of Joseph and his brothers. I got a bit carried away and wrote 12 pages - everybody else wrote a page. The teacher was so impressed by it that she put it up on the wall for parents' evening. I thought, 'Oh, this is something that I really like that I also seem to be quite good at.'''' ,'''No one should ever feel obliged to speak or to put themselves out publicly online, but I do think it's a good thing to do. The more of us who are women, making our work and just going 'Here I am, here's my work,' the easier it gets for everybody. It's a good thing to do.''' ,'''The hilarity or brilliance of a forwarded link is inversely proportional to the number of people it's sent to.''' ,'''The worst things that ever happened to me were before I was 20. It has been slow, hard-won improvement since then.''' ,'''The gaming world isn't filled only with violence and depravity. In fact, it's mostly enchanting.''' ,'''Computer games can be works of art and literature - they're still developing. The stories they can tell, and the experiences they provide, are increasingly sophisticated and glorious.''' ,'''While 'Iron Man' is tremendous fun, it's another reminder of the pressure on all of us to make ourselves increasingly perfect and a little less human. And that is something it is important to resist.''' ,'''I get migraines. I've had them all my life; so has my dad. So did his grandmother, although back then they called them 'sick headaches.'''' ,'''Traditions are always puzzling to those who don't share them. I'm Jewish, so the idea of a 'perfect family Christmas' is foreign to me.''' ,]
+++