+++
author = "Hank Williams"
title = "Hank Williams Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Hank Williams Quotes"
keywords = "hank williams,hank williams quotes,hank williams quote,hank williams sayings,hank williams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You booked him, and you didn't worry about crowds. For drawing power in the South, it was Roy Acuff, then God.''' ,'''If you're gonna sing, sing 'em something they can understand.''' ,'''It makes me mad to hear these popular orchestras make a jammed-up comedy of a song like 'Wreck on the Highway.' It ain't a funny song.''' ,'''I think I'm good enough to play and sing.''' ,'''The way I feel is that if you don't like folk music, stay away from my shows.''' ,'''There ain't nobody I'd rather have alongside me in a fight than my mama with a broken bottle in her hand.''' ,'''There ain't a man livin' who hasn't talked to his dog.''' ,'''You got to have smelt a lot of mule manure before you can sing like a hillbilly.''' ,'''I have noticed that these pop bands will play our hillbilly songs when they cain't eat any other way!''' ,'''I wish I was back at WSFA making twelve dollars a week. At least then, if someone come to see me, I'd know they were coming to see me. Now I reckon they just want something from me.''' ,'''My mother played the organ in church at Georgiana, and I sat on the seat beside her.''' ,'''To sing like a hillbilly, you had to have lived like a hillbilly. You had to have smelt a lot of mule manure.''' ,'''I have been living in Montgomery so long that I call it home.''' ,'''If anybody in my business knew as much about their business as the public did, they'd be all right!''' ,'''Folk songs express the dreams and prayers and hopes of the working people.''' ,'''I don't know one note from another.''' ,'''Personally, I cain't stand classical stuff, but I don't tell the world about it. I just turn the radio off. Now, why cain't these folks who don't like my kind of music do the same?''' ,'''I learned to play the git-tar from an old colored man in the streets of Montgomery. He was named Tetot, and he played in a colored street band.''' ,'''If you think I'm a drunk, you shoulda seen my old man.''' ,'''In this business, if you're a success, there's some folks who actually worship you. I have been to some places where it's impossible to walk across the stage without having the major portion of my outfit torn off for souvenirs.''' ,'''Man, it's hell to have a wife who thinks she can sing, and she can't.''' ,'''Somebody got the idea nobody didn't listen to my kind 'a music. I told everybody on the radio that this was my last program. 'If anybody's enjoyed it,' I said, 'I'd like to hear from 'em.' I got 400 cards and letters that afternoon and the next mornin'... They decided they wanted to keep my kind of music.''' ,'''I was a pretty good imitator of Roy Acuff, but then I found out they already had a Roy Acuff, so I started singin' like myself.''' ,'''I'm nothing but a drunkard. Why do people expect me to be anything else?''' ,'''I've just signed a contract to make records in Nashville. It won't amount to much at first, but after a year or so, I will really be in the money.''' ,]
+++