+++
author = "Hennessy Carolina"
title = "Hennessy Carolina Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Hennessy Carolina Quotes"
keywords = "hennessy carolina,hennessy carolina quotes,hennessy carolina quote,hennessy carolina sayings,hennessy carolina saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I chose 'BronxWorks' because I'm from The Bronx, and I got raised in The Bronx, and I just know the struggle and how it is growing up in The Bronx.''' ,'''I was always in dance and performing arts school. All of my schools were performing arts. I'm the one that, like, turns up the whole party.''' ,'''That's my number one thing I tell people: Be patient, because love comes to you naturally. Once you look for it, you choose the wrong person. Everything happens naturally; people come into your life when you're ready. When it's meant to be, it's destined for it to happen, so you're going to meet The One, one day.''' ,'''Fashion was always with me since I was young. I would always be like, 'What do I want to be when I grow up?' And it hit me when I was young - I wanted to be a fashion designer.''' ,'''To be honest, TV can portray you in whatever way they want to portray you.''' ,'''My favorite holiday look would be either red velvet or sequins. That's always gonna be my go-to for a holiday look! It's a classic; it always works. It goes perfect with the occasion and the weather. It's a feel.''' ,'''I used to go to school in heels every day. I thought I was a little grown woman.''' ,'''My teachers used to tell me all the time, 'One day you're going to be famous. Make sure you come back; don't forget about me when you make it.' People would tell me - like, teachers with their masters' degrees.''' ,'''I've been trying face products since I was, like 13, 12 years old. I use to break out a lot, especially in my teen years.''' ,'''I want to be one tone, and I want to glow.''' ,'''Before I scrub and exfoliate, I like to cleanse my face with the Tatcha cleansing oil.''' ,'''Growing up, I wanted to be a fashion designer, which I'm still in school for. Like, that's what I want to be: a fashion designer.''' ,'''My dream customer is every celebrity that's on the red carpet, everybody at the Met Gala, and on top of that, just everybody and anybody. I would dress everybody.''' ,'''I really would move to L.A. I'm thinking so hard about it. Like, I wanna move to L.A., but I'm such a New York City girl - the fast life, the runways on the street - but I love L.A.'s vibe, so I would move here, but I'm still thinking about it!''' ,'''Fashion was always in me! The incentive to just get up and start my day by looking for an outfit to walk outside and look good, it was always in me. I think my parents and my family, my sister - when I was young, they always cared about, you know, looking good. My parents, they know how to dress.''' ,]
+++