+++
author = "Sonia Gandhi"
title = "Sonia Gandhi Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Sonia Gandhi Quotes"
keywords = "sonia gandhi,sonia gandhi quotes,sonia gandhi quote,sonia gandhi sayings,sonia gandhi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As probably is known, I did not want my husband to join politics. He was not keen to join politics. He was very happy as a pilot.''' ,'''Whenever there is something revolutionary and new, there is opposition. There are difficulties in all parties, perhaps in my party, too.''' ,'''I am aware that people at large are constantly angry with the Congress because they feel we are shouting. We are making noise, but there is a very serious reason for it. Parliamentary rules are not being followed.''' ,'''Power in itself has never attracted me, nor has position been my goal.''' ,'''In every sort of politics, in history, it has its own problems, its leaders, its own opposition.''' ,'''Both my mother-in-law and Rajiv made it easy for me. I feel very Indian and am not conscious of being an Italian in India.''' ,'''There was a Greek restaurant, the only place we could get Italian food. All of us Italians and many others from other parts of Europe used to go there, and Rajiv and his friends also. Some of his group knew some of my group, and we met just like that.''' ,'''Women empowerment is, after all, a dream, a vision of Rajivji. It is a genuine vision. We now have so many women in Panchayats.''' ,'''At the organisational level, our party has to really develop a new style of connecting with the people. We have to also look at the way we project our programmes, our policies.''' ,'''I don't like being in the limelight. It is not something extraordinary. It is just my habit.''' ,'''I believe in a balanced government. I don't believe in minimum or maximum. Balance is always the best way.''' ,'''The Congress has faced many difficult times in the past, much tougher than today. But we have never lost heart; we have repeatedly demonstrated our resilience by remaining committed to our vision, values, and the beliefs that have always sustained us.''' ,'''My aim has always been to defend the secular foundation of our nation and the poor of our country - the creed sacred to Indiraji and Rajivji.''' ,'''My husband spends the whole day in politics. I make it a point not to discuss politics with him when he comes home.''' ,'''Growth is essential and must be sustained. But rapid growth alone cannot address the problems arising out of continuing disparities. Tackling these is not just a matter of social justice but, more importantly, an existential necessity and a moral imperative.''' ,'''When you are in politics, and you are a genuine person who genuinely cares, then everything comes second.''' ,'''My husband's duty is to the country, and mine is to the family.''' ,'''My father sort of relented. He saw Rajiv, and he said he is a good man. But his more worried about his daughter, because I was going far to a place completely different... with completely different customs. He felt that perhaps I would not be able to accustom to these new ways.''' ,'''This great country, this India, is woven of the rich individual strands of our regions, languages, religions, traditions, and communities through the ages. Yet its vibrant beauty can be seen only as a whole, a single seamless fabric, much greater than the sum of all the strands.''' ,'''An economy growing at 7 percent per year, can and must find the resources to improve the lives of its millions of poor.''' ,'''Together we can face any challenges as deep as the ocean and as high as the sky.''' ,'''We have been the one who all along have been saying that a dialogue must be initiated with Pakistan.''' ,'''In politics, you win and you lose. You come up in power, you go down; it's part of life.''' ,'''We were, in a way, out-marketed because we couldn't really compete with the BJP that went into elections under Mr Modi.''' ,'''My upbringing is such that I feel my husband is superior to me and his mother even more superior.''' ,'''It was through the private world of family that the public world of politics came alive for me: living in intimate proximity with people for whom larger questions of ideology and belief, as well as issues relating to politics and governance, were vivid daily realities.''' ,]
+++