+++
author = "Farhan Akhtar"
title = "Farhan Akhtar Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Farhan Akhtar Quotes"
keywords = "farhan akhtar,farhan akhtar quotes,farhan akhtar quote,farhan akhtar sayings,farhan akhtar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you had a fabricated story coming out every two weeks or every month, it would affect you. You would be like, 'What's the problem with people?' or 'Why can't they let me be?' And that's the thought that comes into anyone's mind.''' ,'''For 'Rock On,' we not only acted as rock musicians; we also went into the studio to record songs and jammed live to get the concert feel right.''' ,'''I think if you believe in an idea, then you should put it out there and be as original to the thought as possible without worrying about the risk.''' ,'''Fitness is about keeping yourself healthy. This is something you do for yourself and for your loved ones.''' ,'''Everyone has a Milkha Singh in them.''' ,'''When not working, my days are lazy.''' ,'''I was a complete vagabond till the age of 20, when I got my first job as an assistant director with Pankaj Parashar.''' ,'''I love ice cream and gulab jamuns.''' ,'''Whatever films I make, the mandate is that it should touch the audiences and engage them from the first scene.''' ,'''My sister Zoya and I have been exposed to the best of cinema of all kinds - Chinese, Japanese, Italian, etc.''' ,'''I think, the world over, new ideas have come from young people. I'm not saying it doesn't happen, but it is rare that new or radical ideas come from old people.''' ,'''I basically like a bit more control. Even in my personal life, I need things to be done on time. If it's not done, I get impatient.''' ,'''Being a parent to my daughters, son to my parents, and friends to many people, I would wish for a society that's fair to everyone, that's free of prejudice and as non-divisive as possible.''' ,'''Indian food beats everything else, in my book. The kinds of cuisine our country offers is just amazing. Every single dish has a variation depending on what region you go to, and that excites me the most about Indian food.''' ,'''If you are a doctor or farmer, be sincere about your profession. If you can do what you do honestly, you will end up serving your country.''' ,'''Work does affect my personal life, as it consumes most of my time. It takes away a lot from my family time.''' ,'''One fear setting on filmmakers is that the audience no longer has any patience. They want things to constantly move.''' ,'''Film festivals are important, as they often provide an opportunity to look at a film from a fresh perspective.''' ,'''As much as a man would like to believe that he understands women, there is simply that much that he can write from their point of view or really understand them.''' ,'''Everything I do is gauged under the shadow of 'Dil Chahta Hai.' Even 'Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara' and 'Rock On,' which are very urban films. So I am always seen through that lens.''' ,'''I have been a fan of movies from a very young age, and somehow, the magic of that - every single time I hear something or read something that could be made into a wonderful film or something somebody is asking me to be a part of - that connects. It just makes me feel like I'm going to be part of something magical again.''' ,''''BMB' has opened up a world of possibilities. It has inspired me to believe that the really difficult things in life can be achieved by sheer application.''' ,'''I am very fond of technology and like to keep pace with change.''' ,'''Apart from the highs and lows of when your film releases, there's a strange, addictive quality that making a film has because of all that drama. There's so much that goes on, and we miss it when it's over.''' ,'''When I take up a film, I always think of the effect it will have on my children when they see the film years later.''' ,'''I think nothing can be taken for granted - be it the fact that you get to work with a certain kind of talent, certain kinds of budgets, or that the audience looks forward to your work.''' ,'''It does not feel any different being directed by a first-timer as long as I am convinced that the director is passionate about the film he or she is making. If you get a sense of their vision for the film and their aesthetics of your performance, then it does not matter whether you work with a new or an experienced director.''' ,'''I feel nervous before performing in live concerts, but it does not last more than five minutes.''' ,'''As an actor, you buy into someone else's dream and make it your own, and you don't lose sight of that.''' ,'''It's amazing how much the human mind and body can do and achieve.''' ,'''When you go to a film set, of course you're going to do your job, and you're excited about being there, but you somehow feel fatigued that you are just doing this day in and day out.''' ,'''Definitely, I feel that there is a need for more female producers, directors, and writers.''' ,'''I like to make films with characters that resemble real people, about societies that exist.''' ,'''If you were to put me under one umbrella, call me a storyteller.''' ,'''It's very important to enjoy whatever you do in life.''' ,'''The Ladakhis, as a people, are quite laidback.''' ,'''I am not trained to be a director or an actor. I have learnt everything by watching other people work and studying their work.''' ,'''With 'Dil Chahta Hai' being the first film and 'Lakshya' being the second, what people can expect from Excel Entertainment as a company, and from me as a director, is just good, clean entertainment. And hopefully, some residue of an idea or thought that you can take home and mull over.''' ,''''Haqeeqat' was a good war drama.''' ,'''In any case, I am not a great one to make plans for the future.''' ,'''When I made my debut as an actor in 'Rock On!' I was confident to get in front of the camera.''' ,'''It's only when a project or film doesn't work, that you think about what you could have done differently - whether you chose unwisely, or was there something in your application in that role, as an actor, as a director or as a producer, that you could have done better.''' ,'''I cannot imagine of making a film without Boman Irani.''' ,'''Even within escapist cinema, if you find a good story to tell, it will do well.''' ,'''The first time I re-discovered the joy of watching an action movie was when I saw 'Die Hard.' It was a completely simple plot - a guy goes to meet his wife, and the building gets taken over by terrorists - but I was completely blown away. Great characters, and it moved along really fast.''' ,'''To me 'Qurbani' was a good action film - it was fast, had one plot, and moved along at a pace, and it didn't really divert attention.''' ,'''I guess just enjoying what you do and always wanting more of that enjoyment, satisfaction, and putting something together creatively - that gives me a lot of happiness.''' ,''''Dil Chahta Hai' was too raw. We only thought about the film. We never thought where the film was going to go. We wanted to make a film on our own terms.''' ,'''I think all kids are rebellious. It's a part of growing up.''' ,'''It was interesting to write ad films and scripts for TV shows before I moved on to writing a feature film. That helped me grow as a writer, and I also found out how long I could sit in front of a computer and see something through.''' ,'''To me, action has to come from the plot.''' ,'''As the director, you are the organiser who has to have all the answers. You are the person with maximum clarity.''' ,'''There was a phase when I would just loaf around, doing nothing. It had put my mom under a lot of stress. I knew her stress stemmed from her love for me, yet I never paid attention to her feelings. When it finally hit me that my idleness was taking a toll on her, I was genuinely sad and depressed.''' ,'''Difficulty does not deter me. In fact, I find challenges exciting.''' ,'''I think it is important to play a sport. Apart from the joy of it, it helps keep you fit.''' ,'''I feel with 'Don 2' I got an opportunity to do a very good action with the kind of pace that I would like an action film to have.''' ,'''I like to stay within the zone of one character. It would disturb me to break away and go into an entirely different territory.''' ,'''I think it is important to time yourself to make the right choices. It's not responsible to go ahead and say a 'yes' or 'no' on a whim.''' ,'''Nobody is immune to feeling depressed.''' ,'''When I watched Guru Dutt's films, they just blew my mind.''' ,'''After 'Rock On!,' when I started acting, and I sang in the film, people asked me, 'What was the need to sing in your film?' and things like that. I really don't have an answer for it. In terms of what made me do it? It just felt like the right thing to do.''' ,'''To me, 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag' is definitely a landmark. It has taught me so much.''' ,'''Every time you work with a new co-star, a whole new dynamic emerges.''' ,'''Even when I was writing the script for 'Don,' I suspected it could lead to a sequel.''' ,'''Whether it is crimes against women, whether it's discrimination against women, whether it's just social bias against women - these things should be anomalies; they should not be the norm.''' ,'''A break-up between couples is traumatic for everyone.''' ,''''Lakshya' is a different genre of movie. While 'Dil Chahta Hai' could be categorised as a romantic comedy, this is a war drama.''' ,'''Music was something I had put aside to make movies. Somehow I earlier felt there was only so much creative energy allotted to your life and only that much time to pursue your creativity. But I was wrong.''' ,'''Being healthy is not just about building a body: it is a lifestyle that manifests itself in your general outlook. It makes you more positive and optimistic and increases your energy level.''' ,''''Deewar' has been remade so many times, 'Trishul' has been remade so many times. But 'Don' - no one has gone into this area as often as they have gone into these other movies, and I think it fits into the modern sensibility of movie viewing quite well.''' ,'''It amazes me how much noise there is on a set while people are trying to focus and do their jobs. But there's some kind of order within that chaos.''' ,'''If someone has behaved badly with a woman. and she hasn't spoken about it for ten, 20, or 30 years, it's her prerogative when she wants to speak.''' ,'''I wish I'd got my driving license at 18, not 22. I also wish I had graduated earlier, even though I didn't finish college.''' ,'''For me, to consciously seek unpredictable roles would be dangerous.''' ,'''If I don't work out, I lose weight instead of gaining it.''' ,''''Dil Chahta Hai' is not the first film about friendship. 'Lakshya' is not the first film about war and coming of age.''' ,'''I remember so clearly as a kid, my biggest problem in life was I used to never follow up on anything.''' ,'''Amitabh Bachchan was the coolest character in every movie.''' ,'''Every director has a sensibility and style, and what works is his originality and conviction.''' ,'''Filmmaking, whatever the window dressing or the scale of a film may be, is eventually about telling a story.''' ,'''I'm a bit of an extremist.''' ,'''To hear someone talk about their life - you get to know the way their eyes moisten up, how big the smile is or how comfortable their body language is while talking to someone.''' ,'''Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage.''' ,'''Cinema, I always felt, is a very powerful mass medium to translate ideas in an engaging way.''' ,'''The power with which you can create a character is tremendous and probably more satisfying than actually being the person.''' ,'''As an actor, I am extremely fortunate to portray Milkha Singh on the big screen.''' ,'''I was very focused when I wanted to make 'Dil Chahta Hai,' though it was difficult for me to convince people that I know how to make films and I will be able to direct and put a film together.''' ,'''The more time you have, you should dedicate it to do creative work.''' ,'''I take a more holistic approach to fitness than trying to achieve a certain body to display.''' ,'''Most Hindi movies tend to dramatise events. They are very dialogue heavy. Characters don't speak like people normally do in real life.''' ,'''People want a certain amount of respect when they watch a film: it should be worth of their time.''' ,'''I usually play volleyball three times a week.''' ,'''I think if I had a choice, I'd like to be in a film with De Niro.''' ,'''I love travelling, especially to Goa.''' ,'''I realised that I enjoyed direction while making 'DCH.' The process of putting a film together and working with the cast and crew felt good.''' ,'''You have to be grateful for what you have, but you're always pushing further.''' ,'''Every movie gets exactly what it deserves.''' ,'''From being in a film and shooting to just being in a studio with my guitar and musicians was a welcome change.''' ,'''There is a certain highlighting of issues, be it emotional, be it social, or simply an entertainment one: they can be written or directed by a woman differently, with a different voice. I feel that their voice needs to be given more stage and more space.''' ,'''I used to lie a lot as a child, which I now regret. I think it is much easier just to tell the truth.''' ,]
+++