+++
author = "Kendall Jenner"
title = "Kendall Jenner Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Kendall Jenner Quotes"
keywords = "kendall jenner,kendall jenner quotes,kendall jenner quote,kendall jenner sayings,kendall jenner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My style icon actually is my three sisters. I love the way they dress and the way they put things together. I definitely get most of my style from them.''' ,'''I volunteered at Meals on Wheels, which is a place where you go and deliver healthy meals to people who are more homebound. I did that, and I had so much fun doing it, and I'm definitely planning on doing it again.''' ,'''Before I got the contract, I'd heard from a lot of people that a contract with a company like Estee Lauder was like a stamp of approval, a stamp of your legit-ness. So getting that was a really big step for me.''' ,'''When I was younger, I used to bite my nails so bad. I used to play sports; I played, like, every sport. I would be playing soccer, and I'd be in the middle of the field just zoned out, biting my nails, and I'd, like, miss the ball going past me.''' ,'''What people don't understand is that calling someone too skinny is the same as calling someone too fat; it's not a nice feeling.''' ,'''It's just scary to think how fast everything is rolling, and you can't stop it.''' ,'''I'm a very loyal and very private person when it comes to my personal life. But I obviously do have Twitter and Instagram, and I will share some of the things I'm doing.''' ,'''I feel really productive. I'm very competitive with myself. I'm a scheduler. I'm always trying to keep everything together - I'm very OCD and very organized.''' ,'''I'm super OCD, so everything is clean.''' ,'''If I see something really nasty on Twitter, I will usually delete it or block the person because I don't want to see that every day... Get to know me, and then you can talk about me!''' ,'''When I was at high school, I used to pretend that I had work, and I would go and tell the head of school that I, like, really needed to leave, and I was really stressed out because I had work.''' ,'''Runway is like an adrenaline rush.''' ,'''I really don't have a celebrity crush.''' ,'''My little sister Kylie puts an amazing outfit together every day, and it just works for her. For me, it's more like jeans, boots, maybe a jacket. Sometimes I get caught in my sweats.''' ,'''I wanted to fly when I was little.''' ,'''I like to go outside at night by myself and look at the sky and just appreciate it. I'm not that big of a weirdo, but - occasionally.''' ,'''I've really learned to appreciate a moment. I take things in a lot. I'm kind of weird like that.''' ,'''Modeling is my number one priority - one hundred percent.''' ,'''I get really mean or emotional if I don't have food in my system.''' ,'''I think I'm the most private out of my family.''' ,'''I was the biggest liar for no reason, and then as I got older, I thought, 'Why am I lying to everybody?' I would hear other people lie and be like, 'You sound so stupid.' So then I would just change my lies. The only person I lie to is my little sister, when I steal her clothes.''' ,'''I remember being a kid and trying to do make-up and being so bad at it - but my sister Kylie was so good. It came so naturally to her. For me, it was never natural.''' ,'''There's a lot of annoying things about me. I don't know, I'm really shy at first, and I don't really like it. I wish I was a little more outgoing.''' ,'''Sometimes I just want to be left alone and be a normal kid for, like, five minutes. That's tough when the paparazzi are chasing you.''' ,'''My dad is my everything. He always had the craziest speeches for Kylie and me growing up, good words to live by.''' ,'''My life was always different growing up. I mean, even before the show, my dad was who he is. He's an Olympic athlete. And we were going to premieres, like 'Finding Nemo' premieres, and we would be little kids, like, before the show, walking down the red carpet.''' ,'''The New York fashion scene is crazy, madness, but I love the energy.''' ,'''Modelling isn't something I'm doing to prove people wrong. It's something I'm doing because it's what I want to do.''' ,'''Randomly enough, my older sisters went to a makeup school when they were younger, so they're all really good at it. They've always told me that 'natural is better.'''' ,'''I want to continue modeling and do the best that I can with that.''' ,'''I try to drink a bottle of water a day, and I love Kiwi Strawberry Snapple.''' ,'''I think Cindy Crawford is awesome. I love her style.''' ,'''I love a red lip - red is one of my favorite colors, and I really don't wear many other lipstick colors than red.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I was so homesick at all times.''' ,'''I'm big about washing my face before I go to bed, washing it when I wake up in the morning, getting good sleep and drinking a lot of water. Those are just easy things that you can do for your skin.''' ,'''Instagram is my edit of my life.''' ,'''My name is Kendall. Kendall Jenner. I am not a Kardashian.''' ,'''I've always been a huge family person. Growing up with such a huge family, it was just amazing, so coming home to that is always awesome and... it makes me happy.''' ,'''As a kid, I always looked up to supermodels, thinking about how amazing they are. I always wanted to be in photos.''' ,'''Some people might think that what I've done before made it easier for me to get jobs, but it was actually a disadvantage. I had to work even harder.''' ,'''My Instagram is all me. I like to keep it very personal, and I'd like to keep it that way. You don't really follow to see promotional things at all times. It's my connection with my fans.''' ,'''I had just started ninth grade when I got my acne. And I had braces. I wouldn't look people in the eye. It was not a good time for me - it just killed my self-esteem. I thought when I didn't look at someone, they couldn't see my face.''' ,'''I don't want to be followed by random men I don't know. It can also be hard to deal with other kids who are jealous or mean. I can't post a picture on Instagram without being criticized.''' ,'''I weirdly love interior design and real estate and all of that. I really do. I get chills from it.''' ,'''If we're fighting, we call Khloe. She's our peacemaker. Kourtney keeps us down-to-earth.''' ,'''I think a natural look is prettier. I rarely wear makeup, but we always wear sunscreen on our faces.''' ,'''My parents taught me that work ethic is one of the most important keys in life, and I believe it.''' ,'''You can get a million comments about how beautiful you look and how awesome you are, but the one comment that says they hate you and you're ugly is the one that sticks.''' ,'''When I was young, I was the kid who would call my dad from a slumber party to beg him to come pick me up.''' ,'''Every girl loves posing in her underwear. It's always fun to do that.''' ,'''My dad is my dad, but he's not there physically anymore. But she lets me call her 'Dad' - that's the last little piece of Dad I've got.''' ,'''My ideal prom date would have to be cute, funny, sweet, nice.''' ,'''I don't check any Web sites daily, but I love Instagram.''' ,'''I am a very competitive person.''' ,'''My sisters take, like, hours to get ready, and I'm, like, really quick. I think I get that from my dad.''' ,'''I try to keep my filters simple. I don't do anything major to my photos.''' ,'''I don't work with a trainer. I just go to cheerleading practice and run a couple times a week.''' ,'''I will go back to riding one day - when I have kids. I have such amazing childhood memories of being on horseback.''' ,'''You can't take anything personally in this business. Follow your dreams, but there is a lot of criticism. You have to brush it off. Everybody is looking for something different.''' ,'''It's true, I used to be so shy. I used to never talk, just sit back and do my thing. I was never bullied, though, and it was never like it was something that needed to be 'fixed', like being shy is a bad thing.''' ,'''I am so grateful to Marc Jacobs, Riccardo Tisci, Karl Lagerfeld, and Katie Grand, who took a chance on me that first season and gave me an opportunity.''' ,'''I enjoy letting my fans into my world.''' ,'''My way to de-stress is either listening to music or talking to my sister, Kourtney. She's going to teach me how to meditate, and that should help a lot.''' ,'''I want to be like a Christy Turlington, still doing my craft and still killing it. I want longevity and to be able to do this for a really long time.''' ,'''My dream jobs would be Italian 'Vogue' and anything with Chanel!''' ,'''Kylie and I are both pretty brave - much braver than the Kardashians. We have the Jenner in us.''' ,'''Me and Kylie are sisters, but not everything we can always do together. She's not trying to be a model. She's trying to be more like a personality. We're trying to kind of separate ourselves - not in a bad way!''' ,'''Ask me a question about paparazzi, and I get so heated. And I feel so bad for young kids of celebrities. My nieces and nephews get yelled at, and I'm like, 'You are yelling at a 2-year-old.'''' ,'''I'm obsessed with Tumblr. I love looking at all the pictures!''' ,'''When I was really young, I can remember being into fashion, but I was really into horses and sports.''' ,'''My entire life, I just wanted a pony, and I couldn't care less about a pair of shoes.''' ,'''The first campaign that I recall was with Kate Moss and Marky Mark. Probably the most iconic jeans ad ever.''' ,'''When I started getting in front of the camera a lot, I think my confidence started to come out.''' ,'''Sexy is confident.''' ,'''I'm trying my best with what I want to do, which is modelling. I think I'm on my own career path, and I don't really care what other people have to say about me being in the spotlight of my sisters. I'm just doing my own thing.''' ,'''I guess my style's a little edgy but comfortable. I like being comfortable, for sure, and kind of casual.''' ,'''My whole life, even as a kid, I would say, 'I want to be on a billboard!' To be on a fashion billboard, for a brand, is a life dream.''' ,'''I'm very competitive with myself. I'm a scheduler.''' ,'''My favorite thing about doing photo shoots is just being able to have fun, meeting new people, getting dressed up, and I just love doing it. So, I have a lot of fun.''' ,'''In first grade, I told my friends I had a third story in my house filled with jewels and lions.''' ,'''I've been to some of the most amazing cities in the world.''' ,'''I definitely want to design clothes at one point.''' ,'''I think my mom and dad have an incredible work ethic, and we've grown up around it.''' ,'''I'm lucky that I've never been bullied personally. There are always going to be kids who are mean and say stuff, but the people that matter to you - the people you love, like your parents, your siblings, and your friends - those are the people you should listen to.''' ,'''I think social media has taken over for our generation. It's a big part of our lives, and it's kind of sad.''' ,'''I think mascara is a must. If I'm going to wear makeup somewhere, and I'm doing it, it's usually really simple - it's just mascara and maybe a tiny bit of eyeshadow, but that's it.''' ,'''I'm the fastest walker, and everyone makes fun of me for it.''' ,'''If I could trade places with any of my sisters for a day, it would be Kim. I want to see what it's like... The only time she sleeps is on the airplane. It's just crazy. I feel bad for her, but I still want to know what it's like.''' ,'''When I was younger, we lived in a horse community.''' ,'''I love a good dinner and getting to know someone.''' ,'''I would literally sit at home and have my friends take pictures of me on my little Canon camera that my mom gave me for Christmas.''' ,'''Mariacarla Boscono has taught me a lot, and I have been lucky enough to become good friends with so many amazing models.''' ,'''I was always looking up to supermodels. They were, like, my superheroes.''' ,'''You have no idea how many doors closed on me and how many adults were either initially reluctant to take a chance working with me or who outright laughed at me behind my back.''' ,'''Anytime someone asks me to look at a new house with them, I'm like, 'Yes!'''' ,'''Life is scary.''' ,'''I try not to be too invasive into my personal life. When I was younger, I used to tweet a lot, everything I was doing and feeling. I can't do that anymore, because it's just giving people too much room to judge.''' ,'''When it rains, I have good energy; I'm in a good mood.''' ,'''I try my best, but at the same time, I try not to let being out with someone affect my everyday life. Like, if I want to go out and grab a smoothie with a friend who's a male, I'm not gonna let the paparazzi stop me from doing that and living my life and just being a normal person.''' ,]
+++