+++
author = "Maluma"
title = "Maluma Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Maluma Quotes"
keywords = "maluma,maluma quotes,maluma quote,maluma sayings,maluma saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Of course my parents are picky about the girls I date; my parents watch out for me.''' ,'''I found my voice singing pop and ballads, almost all of them Colombian artists. When I was 16, my family gave me a recording session with some Colombian producers, and that's where I started my career.''' ,'''If I can't go to my parents, then my parents come to me.''' ,'''I am not gay; I don't have a relationship with Ricky Martin.''' ,'''I feel grateful for the Puerto Ricans who created this genre that has inspired me to have such a beautiful career. Reggaeton has allowed me to continue evolving and growing musically, and I have been able to make it mine as well.''' ,'''In Latin America, people want you to write beautiful melodies and words. But there are also songs that do well because they show the reality of life.''' ,'''I think that I could be an example to young people, and they know that dreams come true.''' ,'''The team at ASCAP is a genuine family, and I am proud to be part of an organization that is home to so many legendary songwriters and composers.''' ,'''I love women.''' ,'''Sometimes I post something unwittingly that connects with women. But I never think, 'OK, let's take a shirtless picture for the girls.'''' ,'''I loved to sing in family parties, for my friends and family. That's how I discovered my talent.''' ,'''I'm an urban act.''' ,'''I like to show that I'm real.''' ,'''My boys asked me to write beautiful letters for their ex-girls so they could get them back. I thought, 'I should be writing songs for myself.'''' ,'''I filled the margins of my schoolbooks with lyrics.''' ,'''I'm trying to find the balance and do, like, 'Spanglish' music or some songs in Spanish and others in English or do a translation.''' ,'''I played soccer when I was a kid. I started when I was 8 and played for 8 more years. I was pretty good. I used to train with Atletico Nacional, which is one of the most important teams in Colombia. I used to train every day.''' ,'''Ricky Martin is one of my idols in the industry.''' ,'''I am very happy and honored to be part of the Sony ATV family.''' ,'''People should focus on my foundation, my projects, and everything positive and important that I am doing in Latin America and the around the world.''' ,'''I am a man who is noble. I have a good heart, but at the same time, I'm a little malicioso. There's no way of hiding that side.''' ,'''In Colombia, we have a lot of passion.''' ,'''We work a lot, and we have a lot of discipline because we are really tired that people know Colombia as a violent country. We just want to change that face of the country, and the music that we're doing is the music that people want, that people love.''' ,'''I don't think a reggaeton song will break again like 'Gasolina' did.''' ,'''I have a lot of artists who I just love to hear their music, and I'm a fan of them.''' ,'''I was known for singing romantic songs to women, but I can also be that guy talking about why you can't be the only girl for me.''' ,'''When I started my career, I saw that everybody was using Twitter.''' ,'''Ricky Martin is one of the artists I wanted to be growing up.''' ,'''I started using Twitter a lot and realized I had a lot of fans. Then I saw that I can share my music on Twitter and share my YouTube videos on Twitter. That's how I knew social media was going to be a platform to show my music. That's how I started. I started with Twitter.''' ,'''Everyone knows I'm a huge fan of Chris Brown and Justin Timberlake. For me, it would be more than an honor to work with these talented musicians.''' ,'''I'm still going to sing these songs because trap is a type of music very popular in the streets, and people want to hear it.''' ,'''I like to prepare each tour in a different way.''' ,'''My life was really focused on futbol, but as those things happen in life, my passion for music won over my passion for futbol. But I love what I do. I don't regret it.''' ,'''It's interesting that a lot of female artists want to collaborate with me.''' ,'''I was born in the technology era.''' ,'''That connection that I have with my fans is really special, and every time, when I have moments, when I have free time, the only thing that I think about is what I'm going to post, what I'm going to say to my fans.''' ,'''Maluma comes from my mom, my dad and my sister's names. The first letters of my mom's name are Ma, my dad's is Lu, and my sister's is Ma.''' ,'''I was in Barcelona working with Shakira, and it was an amazing experience. She's a great artist, and I learned a lot while working with her.''' ,'''I want to take a more international direction with my career.''' ,'''It's not only about the material things - I also have a spiritual side.''' ,]
+++