+++
author = "Steve Tisch"
title = "Steve Tisch Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Steve Tisch Quotes"
keywords = "steve tisch,steve tisch quotes,steve tisch quote,steve tisch sayings,steve tisch saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As many Giants fans know, we're one of the few teams without cheerleaders.''' ,'''My father was a guy who, because of the businesses he was in - the hotel business, the hospitality business - he didn't differentiate between the waiter serving you dinner, from the maitre d from the guy who owns a restaurant. Everybody was the same to him. He didn't look at who you were. He didn't look at your wallet.''' ,'''Any foundation you build, if trust is part of that foundation, whatever you're building, whatever you're creating is gonna have a rock-solid foundation.''' ,'''Art Modell was a visionary, a deal-maker and a friend. And he possessed a marvelous sense of humor.''' ,'''I don't think an NC-17 rating is the kiss of death. Nor do I think that, in the hands of the right filmmakers, studios have a preconceived notion to pass on NC-17 material.''' ,'''Often I think of personal behavior and judgment errors as being superficial wounds.''' ,'''Hollywood can buy a lot of pieces of the puzzle, but the great thing is they can never buy word of mouth.''' ,'''My father... very generous, very philanthropic, very charitable man. My siblings and I and my mother continue with always appreciating and always giving back. It's something I hope that I've become a role model for my children.''' ,'''I would say I'm an optimist by nature.''' ,'''Football is multigenerational. It used to be about fathers taking their sons. Now we're taking our daughters, too.''' ,'''On the morning of September 11th, I was literally about 18 blocks from the World Trade Center. I witnessed in person what a lot of people witnessed in person, but what the world really saw on the television screen, I saw it with my own eyes that morning.''' ,]
+++