+++
author = "Aaron Mooy"
title = "Aaron Mooy Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Aaron Mooy Quotes"
keywords = "aaron mooy,aaron mooy quotes,aaron mooy quote,aaron mooy sayings,aaron mooy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Game management is very important. Realizing the situation of a match.''' ,'''I admit it's been a strange journey for me to get to the Premier League, and St, Mirren definitely played their part in that.''' ,'''I'll keep working and keep going. I don't set too many targets, I'll just keep going.''' ,'''I don't score that regularly.''' ,'''To join the likes of Mark Schwarzer and Tim Cahill is an honor and one I am proud of.''' ,'''I can only hit it one way. I can only hook it.''' ,'''I grew up quickly at St. Mirren. I realized that if we got relegated, it wasn't just me who was affected, it was the people at the club who could lose their livelihood and whole families could suffer because of it.''' ,'''We must take every game as serious as we can, no complacency, that's the main thing.''' ,'''I'm very happy at Huddersfield, it's a great club for me and I'm proud to be a Huddersfield player.''' ,'''If you can play at a higher level, it's great. But Melbourne City, the club's growing, it's got everything now with the facilities and the professionalism here is first class so it's not a bad place to be at all.''' ,'''You have to worry about your own performances before you think about everyone else.''' ,'''I don't really watch one player and copy him or anything like that but if I see something that I think could work then maybe I'll try it.''' ,'''We didn't know how it was going to go but it was always going to be hard for me to go straight from Melbourne into Manchester City's first team. It was always the plan for me to go on loan.''' ,'''I know some Australian players who were at Dortmund when he was there and found out about him. Wagner is a leader and makes all the decisions, but of course the players have to perform and deliver what he wants.''' ,'''Once I was in a shopping centre with some Western Sydney Wanderers boys and this kid came up to me and said, 'Hi I'm a Kuhlman, we have the same dad and my mum's got photos of you as a baby.' I was shocked, lost for words, really uncomfortable. I knew he'd had kids but no idea how many or age.''' ,'''The more games you play and are playing well consistently, you get more confident.''' ,'''I think there are definitely players in the A-League who have quality.''' ,'''Of course, I've always dreamed of playing in the Premier League.''' ,'''I did it in pre-season when we had a bounce game, I went in for a slide tackle and my back was in pain, so I came off. I had a scan a couple of days later and it showed that up. I was worried as there was a little fracture in my back but the physio said I'd be fine and he put my mind at ease. I had two weeks off and was told to do nothing.''' ,'''Every game at the World Cup is like a final.''' ,'''Players say going to a World Cup, it's one of the best parts of their career, and I can't wait.''' ,'''I decided to leave England because I wanted to try something new.''' ,'''People are passionate about football, and it means a lot to them. I've noticed when people go to a Western Sydney game and we've won 5-0 or something like that, the supporters are happy all week.''' ,'''The Championship's a tough division, a strong league. Playing in this league, I'm improving and still think I can get to a higher level, definitely, and play more consistent.''' ,'''My stepdad I always used to think was my real dad and even to this day I still do. He's been unbelievable, I love him like a real dad.''' ,'''If you play well that's helping the team.''' ,'''I'm delighted to join Huddersfield Town Football Club, ahead of what I'm sure will be a really exciting season and I can't wait to get started.''' ,'''The football is different to England, but it is a very high level in China. The Chinese league is growing all the time, the owners of the teams invest a lot of care, they want to win and this makes the league very competitive.''' ,'''I've learnt that seasons go very fast, so you've got to make the most of your opportunities.''' ,'''It's the coach's job to pick the system, we just try and implement it as best as we can.''' ,'''I always believed in myself.''' ,'''My missus likes my steak and coleslaw. My coleslaw's not pure handmade, the cabbage will be ready to go but I'll add stuff to it.''' ,'''At Huddersfield we were never in a rush when we played the big teams. The more time they've got with the ball, the more chances they'll create.''' ,'''Playing at Wembley will be the realization of a dream.''' ,'''You always want to play for your national team whenever you can, so hopefully I can keep my form up and be in the picture.''' ,'''I don't look too much ahead, I am just focusing on Huddersfield and doing my best here.''' ,'''I've got to try and create the best life I can for my baby and my family, so yeah, that motivates me.''' ,'''At the age of 16, I left Australia to go to Bolton.''' ,'''I always wanted to experience 50 games at least in a season because all the top players in the world, they do that every year.''' ,'''They say, 'Don't celebrate against your old team,' but I couldn't hold it in.''' ,'''I am 30 years old and you don't get to play football forever. I feel lucky to be given this opportunity by Shanghai as it is a big club in Asia.''' ,'''You never know how it's going to work out. I thought I was ready for the next challenge when I left Melbourne, maybe I was a bit more mature and a bit older.''' ,'''I don't really like talking about myself too much.''' ,'''My first memories are playing soccer for Carlingford Redbacks with my stepdad as the coach.''' ,'''You can always pick up stuff when you're watching a high level - it's like with anything - so yeah, I watch a lot of football.''' ,'''I'm not a loud person or anything but when I play football I feel free; feel like I can do what I want when I'm out on the pitch.''' ,'''I just push myself as hard as I can, in training and games.''' ,'''I'm not a manager. I just try my best and see where it takes me.''' ,'''I'd like to thank my former club, Manchester City, for the support throughout my time in the Championship and during my transition to Huddersfield.''' ,'''If you want to compete, you have to take out the big boys.''' ,'''I feel like I've progressed, but of course you can always improve and do more.''' ,]
+++