+++
author = "Tim Tebow"
title = "Tim Tebow Quotes"
quotes_len = "121"
description = "the best 121 Tim Tebow Quotes"
keywords = "tim tebow,tim tebow quotes,tim tebow quote,tim tebow sayings,tim tebow saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When your identity is found in Christ, your identity never changes. You are always a child of God.''' ,'''For me, getting on a knee and praying is a very special deal for me. A very special moment. For me, it was honoring that and not letting people go out there and make a mockery of it and do a lot of different things and just kind of keeping it safe.''' ,'''And that's the great thing about living the Christian life and trying to live by faith, is you're trying to get better every day. You're trying to improve.''' ,'''I hope that when I'm 90 years old, I've accomplished a legacy that isn't all about me. I hope it's a legacy about the people who our foundation helps.''' ,'''There's always someone out there training for your spot. For my scholarship at the University of Florida, for my job with the Denver Broncos, for my position with the New York Jets. And that's the reason to get up earlier or stay up later.''' ,'''I have so many things to work on, and so many ways that I fail. But that's what grace is all about. And I constantly wake up every morning trying to get better, trying to improve, trying to walk closer to God.''' ,'''When we win, I'm excited about winning. That way, I get the ups and downs of a football season. But I also know that it's never as good as it seems; it's never as bad as seems. You always have to stay focused because you never know, for me. My role, it could expand. So you just got to always be ready.''' ,'''Being attracted to someone plays a big part, but there's also so much more than that for me. It's about finding someone sweet and kind - and that has a servant's heart.''' ,'''We have to humble ourselves and the way you do that is by serving other people.''' ,'''People have to realize that just because you're a Christian, it doesn't mean that you're perfect, because every once in a while everyone stumbles.''' ,'''For me, it's a great opportunity on a public platform to get on your knees and humble myself and thank the Lord for all the blessings he's put in my life.''' ,'''I think sometimes when things are taken away, then you don't realize how much fun it is to come out here and play this game. You can't play it forever, so I'm going to enjoy it.''' ,'''So many times in today's society, we can put football No. 1. And I've done it in my life at certain times. You put football number one, this game is more important than anything else. Well, really, it's not. It's just a game.''' ,'''I don't like to talk hypotheticals. I deal with the real life situations. I treat every day as a blessing.''' ,'''What's amazing when you get up and do something is what God does in your life. We just have to get up and do something.''' ,'''You just try to be nice to everybody and treat them all the same. Treat them how you would want to be treated.''' ,'''Being able to score touchdowns and win games is a way to get a platform. But, ultimately, if that's what you do in your life, and that's what your life is based on, I don't know - I feel like that's a little bit of a meaningless life.''' ,'''I definitely, definitely want a family.''' ,'''I try to stay centered in my faith and my family and the close people around me.''' ,'''When we talk about having a life of significance and meaning, it's not about fame or money or resources. It's about people and lives and hearts. That's my biggest passion in life.''' ,'''Love ice cream. I let myself have that about once a week. Vanilla.''' ,'''I pray to start my day and finish it in prayer.''' ,'''I'm just thankful for everything, all the blessings in my life, trying to stay that way. I think that's the best way to start your day and finish your day. It keeps everything in perspective.''' ,'''I don't judge my success in life as a football player.''' ,'''It's OK to be outspoken about your faith.''' ,'''You can be extremely bright and still have dyslexia. You just have to understand how you learn and how you process information. When you know that, you can overcome a lot of the obstacles that come with dyslexia.''' ,'''I think number one is what my mom and dad preached to me when I was a little kid: Just because you may have athletic ability and you may be able to play a sport doesn't make you any more special than anybody else. Doesn't mean God loves you more than anybody else.''' ,'''To be able to influence someone or to be able to have a group of guys come together to have a successful team and to be together all the time every day for, you know, a year and longer together, you have to have a - find a common ground. And that common ground for us is football.''' ,'''Being physically fit helps me think better and feel better. I only have this one body. I want to make the most impact that I can; taking care of my body helps me help others. That's a big reason why I do it.''' ,'''Something I always try to practice is be anxious for nothing, but let your request be known to God.''' ,'''I've always been attracted to girls whose hearts are the biggest thing about them. People can be very sweet and kind to others who can do a lot for them. I want to find a girl who will be the same person to those who can't do anything for her in return.''' ,'''When I say something, I want people to take it to the bank that I mean it and believe in it. It humbles me that companies want me. It's a challenge to uphold their values and make their product look good. I take that personally.''' ,'''I try to learn from every experience, good or bad.''' ,'''There are a lot of goals and ambitions that I have in life, things I want to accomplish. Who knows? I mean - it could be politics one day. I want to have a life that can help people.''' ,'''Outside of football and training, I am somewhat of a homebody. Love hangin' out with my siblings and close friends.''' ,'''I'm thankful for the ability to share my faith in a lot of different places. It's something that I take as a responsibility and an obligation to handle as best as I can.''' ,'''If you do base your life on how many touchdowns you score, how many championships you win, then when you have a setback, then when you have an injury, you're not playing, or something goes wrong, your self-worth goes down.''' ,'''I am someone that is very competitive. When I'm on the field, I compete. When I'm practicing, when I'm in meetings. I'm a competitor in everything.''' ,'''I'm going to mess up. But I'm going to get back, you know, and get after it and try to do better the next day.''' ,'''Honestly, I'm just trying to do the best I can with every opportunity I'm given, and when I'm given the opportunities make the most of them.''' ,'''I guess, first and foremost, I'd like to thank my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.''' ,'''I know there are a lot of people who believe in me as a player and a person, and I don't want to let them down.''' ,'''I didn't want to be like everyone else. I wanted to be better. If I did what everybody else did, then why would you look up to me? Why would I set an example?''' ,'''I'm not perfect. I'm never going to be. And that's the great thing about living the Christian life and trying to live by faith, is you're trying to get better every day. You're trying to improve.''' ,'''I want to help kids when I'm no longer here, when I'm dead and gone. I want to help kids when I don't have the energy and the time to help them but somehow still find a way to make a difference.''' ,'''I'm not somebody that opens a playbook and just turns and reads and reads. That doesn't do it for me.''' ,'''I always love training at crazy times - it's an edge I'm creating over everyone else.''' ,'''I love talking football, and I love being around it.''' ,'''I'm not perfect. And who knows how many times I've fallen short. We all fall short. That's the amazing thing about the grace of God.''' ,'''Before a game, you know, I can take off my helmet, run over there and spend a few moments with someone who is dealing with so much more than I've ever had to deal with and to love on them and care about them and in front of thousands and thousands of people, you know, let them know that they're more important than all of this.''' ,'''I think it's also important for people to really see that your identity doesn't come just from what you do but who you are. My relationship with Jesus Christ is the most important thing to me. Because of that, I don't have to change whether I am one of the most popular guys in football.''' ,'''There's a lot of things that go into scoring touchdowns and leading your team. It's not just the game itself, but going back and studying tape to pick apart everything I did. It's nice to have something to go on, doing it full speed in a game situation.''' ,'''I am not better than anyone else just because I play football.''' ,'''No matter what happens, you're always going to have those critics and those haters. You just have to learn how to deal with that. I think I have and accept that.''' ,'''I knew I loved football before I even played it. Uh, but the first time I stepped out on the field playing for the Lakeshore Redskins, I knew that I loved this game. I knew that this was something I wanted to do. And I was only 6 years old, but I loved it.''' ,'''If you believe, unbelievable things can sometimes be possible.''' ,'''Being outspoken about my faith isn't just something that I do; it's who I am because my faith isn't just a little piece of my life. It is my life. It's not a question of whether I'm outspoken about it or not. I'm definitely not ashamed of it.''' ,'''But - but the greatest way to witness is by walking that straight and narrow and also realizing that you're going to mess up. That's what grace is for. We're going to fall, but we've got to get back up. And you've got to improve. And that's what I'm all about.''' ,'''I want to support kids that not a lot of people believe in. Give them an opportunity to do good in school, play sports and get scholarships.''' ,'''I rely on a lot of green drinks to get my vegetables.''' ,'''If you're married, and you have a wife, and you really love your wife, is it good enough to only say to your wife 'I love her' the day you get married? Or should you tell her every single day when you wake up and every opportunity? And that's how I feel about my relationship with Jesus Christ is that it is the most important thing in my life.''' ,'''Whatever avenue I feel like I can make a difference in, I'd love to do.''' ,'''If I believe that I became the best quarterback that I could possibly be, the best football player that I could possibly be... That's how I'm going to measure my career as a success or not.''' ,'''Regardless of whatever I do, I know what my purpose is: to make a difference in people's lives.''' ,'''You read glowing things and it doesn't feel deserved. You read things that are critical and it cuts you to the bone.''' ,'''My rookie year was huge for me as far as the learning curve, especially those last three games.''' ,'''How many people are not as good as they could be at their job because they don't love it? They're not passionate about it. If you don't like something, why are you doing it?''' ,'''I want to use my connections with coaches, players, celebrities, whomever, and if I can take that friendship and use it to help someone else, I'm going to take advantage of that. I'm not going to apologize for that.''' ,'''My whole life, my dream has been to be a quarterback.''' ,'''My No. 1 focus was on my foundation, the Tim Tebow Foundation, to bring faith, hope and love to those needing a brighter day in the darkest hour of need.''' ,'''Athletic ability can be taken away like that. It can all end in a heartbeat.''' ,'''I pray to start my day and finish it in prayer. I'm just thankful for everything, all the blessings in my life, trying to stay that way. I think that's the best way to start your day and finish your day. It keeps everything in perspective.''' ,'''I'll give my heart and soul whenever I step on that field and even when I'm on the sidelines. And at the end of the day, that's really all you can ask of someone.''' ,'''I'm not always the best at picking out what goes together. I always want to be presentable, but more than that, I want to be different. I've never just wanted to follow the crowd. I think that goes back to when I was a boy. If everyone was doing one thing, I'd do something different.''' ,'''So much in football is touching, feeling, walking through, writing it on boards, drawing Xs and Os. And all those are the best for me.''' ,'''I will continue to work as hard as I can to make this organization proud. Every time I step on the field I will give everything I have and I will leave everything I have on the field every single Sunday.''' ,'''At the end of the day, everything is God's plan, and he cares about what we do. He cares about our hearts, how we play the game, and how we treat people. He's definitely involved with how we handle sports and not just the outcome of it. I'm proud when athletes mention God in any way.''' ,'''Of course I want to look nice and have a good appearance, but more than the outer shell, I want people to want to be around me for my heart.''' ,'''So much of how we act and what we do is based on humility or pride - that's everything. And when you can humble yourself, you know, we are more like Christ when we can humble ourselves.''' ,'''I don't know what my future holds. I'm gonna love playing football for as long as I can, but there's a lot of other things that I would love to accomplish.''' ,'''It's not always the easiest thing to be the center of so much spilled ink.''' ,'''Every time I step on the field, I'm going to give my whole heart regardless of the score.''' ,'''I train about six days a week. I'm training at the same intensity as I did when I was playing football. I've done it for my entire life, and I love it.''' ,'''I'm blessed to have a little bit of success in football.''' ,'''My integrity means more to me than any fame or money. When I say something, I want people to take it to the bank that I mean it and believe in it.''' ,'''People have to realize that just because you're a Christian, it doesn't mean that you're perfect, because every once in a while everyone stumbles. Living by faith is about when you do mess up, getting back up, brushing yourself off, and keep trying to improve where you mess up or where you have temptation.''' ,'''When you try to be a role model, not everybody can relate to some of your highs - awards, championships. But everybody can relate to the lows. Everybody's gotten fired from a job or gotten cut. People learn more about you in those lows than they do in the highs.''' ,'''You need to have something to motivate you, something to give you an edge.''' ,'''It's pretty easy for me to say that the most important thing in my life is my relationship with Jesus Christ, followed by my relationship with family. And football's later on down the line.''' ,'''It was huge to read the Proverbs of the day every morning, it was huge to read the Psalm of the day every morning and to get that in us and get us going before the day even started.''' ,'''I've been blessed to have an amazing mom and two amazing sisters - so they set a very high standard.''' ,'''You know, I think He honestly does care about how we play on the field, more than anything more than win or lose our hearts on the field.''' ,'''I want to improve as a football player, but even more importantly, I really want to improve as a person.''' ,'''I grabbed my mom and I went to the couch and I said, 'Mom I want to ask Jesus to come into my heart.' And I got on my knee and I asked Jesus to come into my heart, forgive me of my sins, and make me a child of God.''' ,'''In the NFL, you know how people love going to fancy restaurants? I am not a fancy-restaurant guy. I am a good-tasting steak-and-potatoes guy.''' ,'''I had the opportunity to go into the hospitals and talk to kids and see a kid and make him smile. Why? Because I'm a special person? No. It had nothing to do with that. It has everything to do with me being the quarterback at the University of Florida. And to not take advantage of that is a shame.''' ,'''On the field I'm trying to play for the glory of God but then also I'm trying to give everything I have and win and compete. And so I think more than just winning or losing, I think He cares about where our hearts are when we're playing.''' ,'''I try to be active and to keep my body in the best shape I can possibly be in.''' ,'''I'll practice as good as I can, but I know that I play even better, with the qualities I have - leadership, my ability to make something happen in games, winning.''' ,'''I don't try to focus on anything that doesn't affect me personally and how I go out there every single day. I'm just going to continue to work hard and focus on what I can control.''' ,'''When I have a family someday, I'll probably adopt. Adoption has always been something close to my heart. There are so many kids out there who really need a family.''' ,'''You just go out and compete and try to earn whatever you can. I'm looking to get better every single day I set foot on this field.''' ,'''What's so amazing in today's society is people look up to football players. And as a football player, you have a platform. And it's so much more important than any touchdown or trophy or anything you could win with football. Its taking that platform and be able to influence people.''' ,'''I think you sign up to win games, and compete, and go out there and lead a team no matter how you can do that.''' ,'''I think my teammates make me look a lot better than I am.''' ,'''I try to be as real and honest about everything and very genuine with people and say, 'Listen, I'm a Christian, and I'm not perfect. I screw up every day, but I think that's what grace is all about.'''' ,'''We play a sport. It's a game. At the end of the day, that's all it is, is a game. It doesn't make you any better or any worse than anybody else. So by winning a game, you're no better. By losing a game, you're no worse. I think by keeping that mentality, it really keeps things in perspective for me to treat everybody the same.''' ,'''For me, life isn't about being recognized or having everyone know who I am. That's not why I'm here. To me, my foundation is the most important thing I do or have ever done. That's what my life is about.''' ,'''It's attractive when girls have faith. That is a big thing for me.''' ,'''I definitely consider myself extremely blessed to have great partners in endorsing products. It's not about being on billboards. I endorse something because I believe in it.''' ,'''I believe that everyone, regardless of who they are, should do something that is greater than themselves. Whether it's adoption, or helping people who are sick or poor, or whatever. That's what God put us on this earth to do.''' ,'''I really try to enjoy life and have joy with what I do.''' ,'''It's hard to create new friendships outside sports.''' ,'''When people meet me, I hope that they say this: 'This is a guy who, number one, loves the Lord, but he also loves people, and he wants to make a difference in people's life. And he wants to help everyone he comes in contact with, and he is genuine, he is real, and he cares about people.'''' ,'''I worry about what I can control, and that's come out and improve every day, enjoy the process, count your blessings, and work extremely hard.''' ,'''First and foremost is what this country was based on: one nation under God.''' ,'''I don't judge my self-worth as a football player. Football is something I love. It's a fun career deal, but it's not what I want to do with my life, because I see football as a game.''' ,'''For some reason in today's society, people look up to football players and you have a voice. And it's because of that voice you have the opportunity to impact people's lives.''' ,'''I don't have to live the roller coaster other people live with my life. It's hard because people try to have an effect.''' ,'''I believe in my God-given athletic ability and the coaches that have been blessed around me. I believe I can do the job as a quarterback in the NFL.''' ,'''I'll always use the negativity as more motivation to work even harder and become even stronger.''' ,]
+++