+++
author = "Amy Hoggart"
title = "Amy Hoggart Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Amy Hoggart Quotes"
keywords = "amy hoggart,amy hoggart quotes,amy hoggart quote,amy hoggart sayings,amy hoggart saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm more influenced by characters than standups. I love strong, comic women because it's so hard, and I have so much respect for anyone who can do it. I'm a big fan of Tina Fey and Amy Poehler and people like that.''' ,'''I do love live performing, but I'm not a stand-up naturally, and I don't like the lifestyle of working just in the evenings at clubs and stuff - not a natural gig-er.''' ,'''I've never been heckled. I think because I look too small and vulnerable. Sometimes I look out into the audience and see pity in their eyes, so I guess those people may be the ones who would shout something out if they didn't feel so sorry for me.''' ,'''I normally feel relief that I didn't die onstage or forget all my lines. Then I start remembering that I have to do it again sometime, and it'll probably not go as well.''' ,'''By and large, I think that comics work seriously hard. Many have other jobs as well, plus you never really switch off, so you're always working.''' ,'''I was trying to be a clinical psychologist for years. But I kept getting stuck in comedy.''' ,'''The thing with cancer is that it's usually the chemo rather than the disease itself that makes the patient feel so ill, particularly at the start.''' ,'''My father, Simon Hoggart, was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in June 2010. By this point, it had spread to his spleen and metastasised in his lungs and so was pronounced terminal.''' ,'''Dad's cancer experience included periods of relatively good health as well as bouts of hospitalisation as he coursed his way through a variety of different chemotherapy treatments.''' ,'''If you like quick put-downs and aggressive interactions with the audience, you will probably not enjoy the rambles of an unusual character act making jokes about cats for an hour.''' ,]
+++