+++
author = "Rishabh Pant"
title = "Rishabh Pant Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Rishabh Pant Quotes"
keywords = "rishabh pant,rishabh pant quotes,rishabh pant quote,rishabh pant sayings,rishabh pant saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am not scared of anyone. I have fun with everyone.''' ,'''World Cup selection will be a dream come true. I want to win matches for India and be more consistent and finish more games for the country.''' ,'''When everybody recognises you, going out is difficult. But you deal with it.''' ,'''In red ball cricket, with the field placements, you can look around, take your time, because you have five days to play, whereas in limited overs cricket, you have limited number of balls to play and score.''' ,'''There will be byes, there will be catches that will go down, but what is important is what you do when the next chance arrives. Because there will always be a next catch. If you are not positive, if you are not in a good frame of mind, you can drop that next one, too.''' ,'''I'm learning from every game and trying to make a difference.''' ,'''Live in the moment; make the most of any opportunity that comes your way.''' ,'''As a wicketkeeper, and as a youngster, if I don't learn, it will be very difficult. Always important to keep learning from your mistakes.''' ,'''Unless you are a good bowler, you won't be in the India A side.''' ,'''I played a lot of my early cricket in Haridwar and Dehradun. But I just had to come to Delhi if I had to make a career out of it.''' ,'''Of course, there are ups and downs in cricket always, but that's how you learn. I am too young, and what I constantly do is learn from my seniors. They have been in tough situations, and they know how to tackle them. I just keep learning.''' ,'''I always look at the positive side of things. Wicketkeeping is all about the feel. And I got a good feel about my wicketkeeping in England. So I didn't look too much at the scoreboard.''' ,'''It was a great feeling to be included in the Indian Test squad. I always wanted to be a part of the Indian Test squad, and it was more like a dream come true for me.''' ,'''I have so far enjoyed my preparation with red ball cricket. The Duke ball swings a lot when you're here in England, and initially, when I started playing here with India A, I realized that the swing will come a lot into play in these conditions.''' ,'''There is nothing called pressure. I understand that there is expectation, but if there is any pressure, I don't feel it.''' ,]
+++