+++
author = "Kyle Richards"
title = "Kyle Richards Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kyle Richards Quotes"
keywords = "kyle richards,kyle richards quotes,kyle richards quote,kyle richards sayings,kyle richards saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am always a little skeptical when I see people talking about how much money they have.''' ,'''Having small children with a dog that you don't know anything about can be risky.''' ,'''While being late in L.A. is common because of traffic, more than 20 minutes is too much.''' ,'''There are a lot of dogs that need homes, and it's not always easy to find the right fit.''' ,'''Anyone that knows me knows that I get over things quickly and usually forget about it as well. Sometimes a good thing, sometimes not so much.''' ,'''My husband does love women. He has four daughters, a sister, a mother he is very close to, and loves to hang out with my friends and me. Never is he inappropriate in any way, shape, or form.''' ,'''I have done Botox before. I just don't love doing it. It gives me so much anxiety!''' ,'''When adopting a dog, you have to find the right match for your family.''' ,'''Our pets are a part of our family.''' ,'''I want everyone to know that I love my sister and have always been there for her.''' ,'''I do believe in bad energy and not wanting to be around negativity.''' ,'''As a mother and someone who has lost so many family members to cancer, it is important to me to bring awareness to such important causes.''' ,'''Nothing is more important to me than family.''' ,'''Our mother was very strong.''' ,'''I know for me, personally, when something is being said about me that isn't true, it's extremely hurtful and frustrating.''' ,'''Anyone that knows me knows I love to joke around and have fun.''' ,'''For me, I will defend what's right - not who I am speaking with at the time or who I think will back me.''' ,'''I am an honest person.''' ,'''I had always wanted to go to college but found my life taking a different path.''' ,'''Reality television - it's your life, and you can't walk away from it. You're being exposed, and the audience is weighing in on your lives and your relationships with your friends and family.''' ,'''Being a mom is something that I never take for granted.''' ,'''As a woman, I can multitask with the best of 'em.''' ,'''I, like many people, have had bumps in the road when it comes to family. Family dynamics are complicated and weigh heavily on me.''' ,'''It's hard giving advice to a friend about their marriage. You never know if you're saying too much or too little.''' ,'''My life is like one little Calgon 'take me away' moment.''' ,'''I do have a lot of fire in me and could use some lessons on how to handle things more calmly.''' ,'''I think any parent can imagine how difficult it would be to watch your child suffer.''' ,'''I am not perfect. That's for sure.''' ,'''I have to say that I am embarrassed about how emotional I am.''' ,'''Regarding my attire, I choose whatever I feel is most flattering at the time. That can be jeans dressed up to a nice dinner or a dress at home for a casual night. In other words, thin days and chubby days are what determines what I wear.''' ,'''My sister was such a young mom (as was my mom), and she loved the help that I was more than willing to give.''' ,'''I am a straight shooter.''' ,'''I love acting. It's what I've done all my life, and to me, it's a lot easier than doing reality television because you get into a character, you remember your lines, and you go home and leave it all behind at the end of the day.''' ,'''I love when I throw a party and people get into it and and make an effort.''' ,'''I have never had a nanny with any of my children.''' ,'''I think that being on a reality show is difficult. We're expected to be honest, and especially since we are honest, it creates issues sometimes in relationships.''' ,'''Growing up as a child actress, I was tutored on movie and TV sets.''' ,'''I honestly do not believe in witchcraft.''' ,'''I feel like you're only young once.''' ,'''Raising money for research and for those suffering with cancer who can't afford treatment is very important to me.''' ,'''Shabbat dinner is something that we do once a month.''' ,'''I love my dogs so much, but my children's safety will always come first. Period. End of story.''' ,'''Anytime I fly anywhere, I think... well, this could be it. I try so hard not to think like that, but I just can't get my head around the concept that this gigantic piece of machinery is 35,000 feet in the air, and I'm sitting in it.''' ,'''I take my role of being an aunt seriously and have attended every important event/milestone in all my nieces' and nephews' lives.''' ,'''My family and I go every year to Lake Tahoe for Fourth of July. It is honestly my favorite place in the world to spend time with my family.''' ,''''Housewives' opened the door for me for people to listen.''' ,'''Growing up, cancer was one of those things that I heard other people talk about. The word scared me, but I always thought, 'Thank goodness I don't have to worry about that.' Then, in 1998, I lost my father to cancer.''' ,'''I know when my parents passed away, I wanted all the support I could get.''' ,'''My children and I were all born in Los Angeles.''' ,'''I was the executer of our mother's trust. She asked me to hold onto the house for 10 years and then sell it. I think that was because it was so hard to face dying and think of all her most prized possessions no longer being a part of our lives as well. Business wise, it was a terrible investment, because we were losing money.''' ,'''I don't like to have problems with any friend I care about.''' ,'''I am very grateful that I have a husband that doesn't find looking too thin attractive. Phew!''' ,'''I always wear my heart on my sleeve.''' ,'''I have always taught my kids to treat people the way they want to be treated.''' ,'''Just like I tell my daughters, first impressions are important, so once it's out there, whether it's a picture or a TV show, it's there; it's gonna be out there forever.''' ,'''I am a girl's girl all the way, always have been.''' ,'''I admire those that keep Shabbat every week and do not allow anything to interfere with it. It is such a beautiful way to stay connected to friends and family and force yourself to slow down.''' ,'''I love a girls' trip, what can I say?''' ,'''Letting your guard down and the world into your home is very risky, I know.''' ,'''I think Lisa Rinna is perfect for QVC. She enjoys it and makes it seems easy, which it is not. That is why she is successful at it.''' ,'''I have so many amazing friends in my life that I am so grateful for.''' ,'''Working out always elevates my mood and reduces my anxiety.''' ,'''I always struggle with explaining my relationship with my sister Kim. I am not sure why I am not always able to be myself when I am around her.''' ,'''I don't do well with my children leaving the nest.''' ,'''I am fortunate that my husband likes to see me having fun and lets me be myself.''' ,'''The 'Housewives' has helped me find my voice. I was always a people-pleaser, and coming into a show like this, you end up losing that.''' ,'''I always seem to love the shows with cops. I really want to play a cop - I want a badge and a gun. I'd love to do a guest spot on 'Breaking Bad' or 'Castle.' I think 'Once Upon a Time' is a great time. Fun stuff. I like to have fun with characters.''' ,'''You always have to stand up for yourself.''' ,'''Growing up in Beverly Hills, everyone was Jewish, and I always secretly wanted to be.''' ,'''I not only want to make sure I keep my children healthy, but I need to be healthy to be here for them.''' ,'''I am not premeditated in what I am going to say. That means there will be times I regret saying certain things.''' ,'''Doing 'Days of Our Lives' was fun. I always am happy when working on the set. I think it reminds me of my childhood, which, in spite of not being 'normal' in any way, was a happy one.''' ,'''Sometimes my nieces feel more like the little sisters I never had.''' ,'''My husband's character speaks for itself.''' ,'''I am a strong girl but also sensitive.''' ,'''I judge my friends by their character.''' ,'''I know from experience, once something is said on camera, true or false, it follows you forever.''' ,'''I said that in Beverly Hills, a woman going out to a party without makeup on is shocking. I was referring to women in Beverly Hills in general.''' ,'''Raising teens is a challenge - that's for sure.''' ,'''What you see is what you get with me.''' ,'''I first knew I wanted to be a mom when my sister Kathy had her first baby, Paris. She was so beautiful and sweet.''' ,'''I don't feel the need to share the truth with people that I don't know.''' ,'''I have friends of all religions and respect each of their beliefs.''' ,'''I have been known to have four-letter words fly out of my mouth when I'm upset.''' ,'''On the first season of 'The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills,' I was constantly uncomfortable with my eyes. It became annoying filming the show and having to turn away every few seconds and put drops in my eye.''' ,'''While my mom was flawed - as we all are - she loved her children more than anything in the world.''' ,'''If I've gained weight, it's OK. This is life; this is my reality. The weight goes up, it goes down, my skin's not looking great, or whatever it is: it's part of life. I do - I feel pressure to look my best, but I think I do that in just my personal life anyway.''' ,'''I have come to a point where I have accepted that not everyone is meant to be friends.''' ,'''I have been dreaming of the day Farrah would graduate from college since the day she was born. When I was pregnant, all of my friends were just starting their first year of college.''' ,'''I've learned that whether it's with your skin or your hair, less is more. People go and do so much to it, I don't think that's good. Too much product is not good, so I think that's probably the best thing. And not the most expensive thing is the best thing. That's for sure. I've learned that the hard way.''' ,'''You do see some outrageous things and people in Beverly Hills. I'm not always quite sure what to make of it.''' ,'''I can always forgive and forget if I care about someone.''' ,'''My mother always taught us that any accomplishment my sisters or I achieve is a 'feather in all our caps.' Kathy, Kim, and I are always proud of each other. We feel that each of our lives is a reflection on all of us. We all want the best for each other.''' ,'''I feel like on the 'Housewives,' my family stuff was really out there.''' ,'''I am actually a very good cook (if I may say so myself). I just don't know that many recipes.''' ,'''My parents moved to Los Angeles before I was born and built a beautiful home here in Bel Air.''' ,'''My husband is always supportive and excited about my projects, and I feel very fortunate to have him cheer me on and encourage me.''' ,'''I pride myself on being a good friend, and all my friends can attest to that.''' ,'''I am very sensitive and get emotional.''' ,'''I always love going to Vegas.''' ,]
+++