+++
author = "Joe Penny"
title = "Joe Penny Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Joe Penny Quotes"
keywords = "joe penny,joe penny quotes,joe penny quote,joe penny sayings,joe penny saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm one of those workaholics, the kind of guy who may drop with a cardiac arrest around 55.''' ,'''I was once described as being mediumly handsome, and that's a right-on analysis for me.''' ,'''In a series, you have the luxury of time to establish the character and build a rhythm. In a TV movie, you've got to come up with the rhythm now. Right now.''' ,'''I've been building a future for myself outside of acting.''' ,'''My mother always wanted a boy. My father never did.''' ,'''You get used to that work mode, get used to always doing something.''' ,'''With films, you are not so much on a schedule. TV is all about scheduling.''' ,'''I really have to pace myself. I work about 75 hours a week.''' ,'''I grew up very fast. I was always hanging around with older kids.''' ,'''I guess being a hunk is a lot better than being a chunk.''' ,'''Most of the time I play heroes, guys who don't have an edge.''' ,'''I never had any formal voice training, but it's something I always wanted to do. 'So I negotiated a deal with a recording studio after I gathered enough material for a record. I put a group together and just went ahead and did it. What the hell.''' ,'''If you've got a shot at having some 30 million people give you thumbs up or thumbs down every week, you take it.''' ,'''There are a lot of actors out there who don't have an arena to present their stuff.''' ,'''I'm not changing because I'm part of a hit. People around me have changed in their attitude toward me, but I haven't changed. And I won't.''' ,'''The day I came in and found another actor's name on my dressing room door, and my stuff out in the hall, that was the day I learned my lesson.''' ,'''Working in TV films has a lot of advantages over the daily grind of doing an hour series.''' ,'''We all are so serious when we are younger.''' ,'''I save my money, brother. I don't spend what I don't make.''' ,'''I was surrounded by a lot of people not doing what they wanted to do.''' ,'''I think you could turn on any channel and see a sexy guy, depending on your barometer of what sexy is.''' ,'''In TV films, it's nice to get out of town for six weeks or two months, whatever it is, do your thing, and you're out, ready for the next assignment.''' ,'''I definitely want to go the route of feature films.''' ,]
+++