+++
author = "Karan Soni"
title = "Karan Soni Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Karan Soni Quotes"
keywords = "karan soni,karan soni quotes,karan soni quote,karan soni sayings,karan soni saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When it comes to work ethics and business, I look up to Aziz Ansari. He's got everything together on his own terms. He does stand-up, comes out with books, and has his own show.''' ,''''Deadpool 2' was so much fun to make, and a big part of that is the crew you work with enjoyed the material too.''' ,'''Before 'Deadpool,' if I was walking on the street, some people would recognize for some project, and another person for a different project. But now, every time I'm walking down the street, people recognize me as the actor from 'Deadpool.'''' ,''''Deadpool 2' played on your expectations of what a sequel to a superhero movie would be.''' ,'''Because when I write I like to think who would be the actor who would play it.''' ,'''Not only is there more content, but the producers are also focusing on characters rather than their ethnicities. I mean, when you go in for an audition, you get a character sketch, like 'a 35-year-old American male.' The ethnicity of that character is developed after casting the actor, and I think that's the most basic change that has happened.''' ,'''There's such a want for Indian people to be represented in large scale movies. Hopefully, it will happen more and more, whether it's with me or other people. There's an audience for it.''' ,'''Honestly, after working for more than 10-11 years in the industry, I've learnt that you have to only take the positives.''' ,'''No, I can never feel comfortable. It's not a good thing. Always better to be terrified.''' ,'''My teacher was like, 'Once you pass age nine or ten, it's almost impossible to completely lose an accent.' I did lose it quite a bit, but Indians can always tell.''' ,'''Among actors, I'd like to work with Alia Bhatt and Ranbir Kapoor.''' ,'''When I went to theater school, most of the people I graduated with aren't working. I've consistently worked and made a good living.''' ,'''In America in general... I know there are a lot of parts where may be it is not that great to be brown or black.''' ,'''I can always tell when Indian people are born in America. They have the most American accent.''' ,'''I could never get cast with an Indian accent. I was not getting cast.''' ,'''Working in 'Deadpool' was a really big change for me as an actor.''' ,'''The only thing I wish was happening more was that there were more Indian characters. Like the movies with leads that are Indian and they talk about Indian culture versus Americanized Indians.''' ,'''Yeah, I would love to play someone really dumb, just really foolish.''' ,'''It's more like individually how lucky and talented you are, that combination determines how successful you will be.''' ,'''The makers always wanted the movie to be diverse because 'Deadpool' takes place in the 'X-Men' universe. The mutants are kind of outcast, the minorities as compared to human race. They recognized it well that the cast needs to be diverse.''' ,'''I love masala movies.''' ,'''I hope in my lifetime we will get to see an Indian superhero for sure.''' ,'''In a weird way, if someone is so confident in you, it makes you be like, 'Oh, I guess they've seen something in me I haven't seen.'''' ,'''Personally, I like all actors who are mysterious and don't have social media.''' ,'''Dopinder wants to help Deadpool fight... To become a superhero. But Deadpool right away says 'You're gonna die' and 'There's no way you're gonna do it.' So, Dopinder has to prove to him that he is ready to take on more responsibility.''' ,'''The second one is more about Dopinder working with Deadpool and being like 'I am ready for more stuff.' He is more into work and career stuff than love. But it's really fun. The storyline, where it goes, everyone will be surprised. I even get a catchphrase.''' ,'''I didn't do a lot of drama and decided to do comedy, so I never used to get those terrorist audition and stuff. But I do know a lot of people who in the beginning got that kind of stuff.''' ,'''If we look at 'Black Panther,' it did so well. There were a bunch of supporting black characters in the movies for years and then it took a long time, but finally they did make that.''' ,'''I'm not good at audition tapes.''' ,'''I had signed a four-film contract at the time of the first 'Deadpool' film. So I always knew that I'd be working in the subsequent installments of 'Deadpool.'''' ,'''I believe in putting out positivity into the world and so comedy is a job where you feel like you're making people happy. It's a very addictive feeling and you want to do it more and more.''' ,]
+++