+++
author = "Sandra Brown"
title = "Sandra Brown Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Sandra Brown Quotes"
keywords = "sandra brown,sandra brown quotes,sandra brown quote,sandra brown sayings,sandra brown saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I 'climbed' Sandia Peak outside Albuquerque. Which is really piddling as far as mountains go. It's a mere 9,000 feet and some change, and what I went up was a path on one of the gentler slopes. It's about seven miles to the summit, and I walked it with my husband, son, and brother-in-law. For me that was a tremendous accomplishment.''' ,'''Life throws surprises, sorrows, sadness, and hardship, and I think that writing has actually grounded me. It kept me grounded when everything else was falling apart.''' ,'''No self-respecting Southerner will eat something baked, broiled, grilled, stewed, poached, sauteed, or flambeed when it can be deep fried.''' ,'''I always try to incorporate something in every book that I've never used before. Hopefully, spontaneity will keep readers reading.''' ,'''Writing 'Rainwater' was a refreshing change of pace... a change of everything, in fact.''' ,'''It was kind of a hard lesson when I figured out that not everybody is going to be kind, be sweet. So I've learned that I am never going to make everybody happy. There's always going to be someone who can't stand the way I write, and I can't take that personally.''' ,'''My mother was a big reader, and my father was an editorial writer for a newspaper.''' ,''''Slow Heat in Heaven' was my 'breakout' or 'crossover' book, and I loved the freedom I felt writing it.''' ,'''I came to write after several mini careers. I did live theatre, managed a cosmetics store and was a local television personality.''' ,'''I grew up loving books and stories. Reading became my favourite pastime, and you have to be a reader before you can be a writer.''' ,'''Yes, I love my homes, I love to travel, I love my family, and I love doting on my new grandchildren. But you can only do so much of that. I don't go to lunch with friends. I don't join clubs. I don't have any big hobbies. I work. I come up with stories. I can't even imagine a life where I'm not sitting around, worried about my next book.''' ,'''I made straight A's and never got into any trouble, and I still impose those standards on myself. So writing is my chance to escape and become the sleaziest, scummiest role.''' ,'''When I set out to write, I see it very visually. I almost feel like a reporter. I'm relating what I'm seeing and hearing, so it's kind of watching a play for me.''' ,'''In my opinion, Armani, better than any other designer, does great things for the female form. And a pair of Levis does great things for the male physique. Not that I look.''' ,'''For each book, there's a back story of where the idea came from. Sometimes it's derived from a current event or topic of discussion, such as 'Deadline.'''' ,'''There are gray areas in everything.''' ,'''Typically, I have a fairly good grip on the plot of a suspense novel before I set about writing it. I must know beforehand how the mystery ultimately will be solved.''' ,'''I know I'm not creating transcendent works that will someday be taught in college. All I do is entertain. I try to entertain others by sending them into another world for a few hours. When I see my books read on the beach, the pages dabbed with suntan lotion, then I feel as if I've done my job.''' ,'''My first computer was an IBM Display Writer. With all its components, it was roughly the size of a bass fishing boat.''' ,'''I'm no cook, but I love to eat. Usually, food tastes best when there isn't a recipe, just a cook who knows what foods and seasonings go well together.''' ,'''I don't know exactly where the ideas come from. One day, a sentence just popped into my head - 'There was going to be trouble, and, hell, he just wasn't in the mood for it' - and I knew I had a novel.''' ,'''I love being the bad guy, simply because I was always so responsible, so predictable growing up.''' ,''''Rainwater' was particularly special because it was a complete departure from the suspense novels. It's set in the Great Depression and based on an incident that occurred when my dad was a boy.''' ,'''Before becoming a writer, I worked in the media, for the ABC affiliate in Dallas.''' ,'''I think of my books now as suspense novels, usually with a love story incorporated. They're absolutely a lot harder to write than romances. They take more plotting and real character development.''' ,'''Rarely does a complete idea come to me. I basically start with just a small scene or a snatch of dialogue and force myself to write and to keep writing. Sometimes it becomes a book.''' ,'''I love writing villains because I was the big sister of five girls, so I had heavy responsibility growing up. I had to be 'the good girl.'''' ,'''I have always found writing very difficult.''' ,'''Once I started to write, it was like all the lights came on. I was always making up stories in my head. I was a daydreamer. I didn't start as a child, but once I started, I couldn't stop. It was compulsive.''' ,]
+++