+++
author = "Brandy Norwood"
title = "Brandy Norwood Quotes"
quotes_len = "61"
description = "the best 61 Brandy Norwood Quotes"
keywords = "brandy norwood,brandy norwood quotes,brandy norwood quote,brandy norwood sayings,brandy norwood saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you fall in love, you wanna share it with people but you know there are some things that you need to keep to yourself, 'cause privacy makes things last longer, I feel.''' ,'''I'm always smiling and happy.''' ,'''This is truly a blessing. Breyon Prescott, Peter Edge and Tom Corson believe in me and have introduced me to a home that also believes and knows exactly what to do with the type of music I'm doing.''' ,'''I have so much more to go through as a young lady. But oh my God. I feel like I can do anything.''' ,'''I wrote my own verses. Anything I did, I wrote myself.''' ,'''I take conscious breaks for myself 'cause I like to rejuvenate and get my creative juices flowing. I also like to take my time with my creativity; I think it's important.''' ,'''And I'm looking at him like, 'Oh my God. This is Michael Jackson'. I fainted, blacked out - like seriously blacked out.''' ,''''America's Got Talent' has really opened a lot of doors for me. I want to do a lot more TV.''' ,'''I'm a little bit afraid to give my heart away right now. It's very scary. I'm open to it, but I just want to make sure that I'm taking my time.''' ,'''One day it just hit me. This is it. You are not in love. So either stay in it because you have a child or be brave and find the man of your dreams and marry him for real.''' ,'''I have so much to talk about. I have so much to share. There are so many different emotions going on inside of me right now.''' ,'''I cried, I was so overwhelmed to meet Michael Jackson.''' ,'''I'm a woman now.''' ,'''I definitely felt like I needed a break, because when you do so much, you're not able to appreciate the things that you accomplish.''' ,'''You do not send me to Brooklyn to get a cheesecake and then I come back and you're gone.''' ,'''It feels so great to be back on the scene.''' ,'''It's her first grandchild, so she's really, really, really excited. I guess my mom is a little more stressed out than me.''' ,'''Nothing can stop me from loving my brother.''' ,'''I think it's really finding that belief in yourself, where you just have it no matter what's going on, no matter what anyone else says. I think that's the challenge, is to really have that belief in yourself.''' ,'''I wanna sing about something that's sexy and edgy.''' ,'''I can't believe Tina Turner actually was on the same stage. I can't believe I set foot on the same stage, and it's going to be an album, people are going to buy it, and it's going to be a video.''' ,'''I needed to explore my talent and versatility and see if I had another side to me, another sound.''' ,'''I go to McDonald's every day. But I don't eat much.''' ,'''I've seen the photos of me and Flo Rida. It doesn't matter how we met. We met. I don't want to say that we're a couple. I can definitely say that he's somebody in my life, and I'm definitely interested but I'm not serious with anybody.''' ,'''I don't know where to find a good guy. I just think that they're around and I think you have to be good and at some point you'll attract that. I really believe that. First, people should stop looking. The looking thing does not work. Just let love find you.''' ,'''Now that the baby is coming, I will do a lot more balancing. I'm going to be a real mommy.''' ,'''I think the Grammy is like the award, you know.''' ,'''I've been gone for a long time. I really want to give the fans something that they deserve to have. So, I'm working really hard on this. I really want to make it the best work I've done so far.''' ,'''I feel like I needed a balance. I don't want to forget about my personal life and spending time with myself.''' ,'''Mom would kill me if I showed my navel.''' ,'''When you get a chance to step back, you notice all these great things you've done and all these great people that you've worked with.''' ,'''My daughter is in love with Adele. She listens to her every day. To see someone with that much passion and soul move a 9-year-old is amazing and it's magical.''' ,'''I love basketball.''' ,'''Music is all I know.''' ,'''I was rapping as a hobby. It was something I did for my friends and just played around on ideas and stuff like that.''' ,'''I knew I had to make a sacrifice to do what I've always wanted to do.''' ,'''When I was a little girl, I remember carrying my orange UNICEF carton with me as I went Trick-or-Treating.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be a mom at 23, 24ish, ever since I was a little girl. I'm right on schedule.''' ,'''I don't know how I feel right now.''' ,'''I went through a struggle, and I really needed to get myself together and connect with my purpose, which is music.''' ,'''I'll be a nun, raise my daughter, and make albums.''' ,'''There's a lot of people out there who go through hard times, and they feel alone. They feel like nobody is there. But I'm in the same boat.''' ,'''To be on this set today, I feel very blessed for the second chance and for the opportunity, my record company believing in me and everybody here just showing me so much love and support.''' ,'''I wash my face every night with Ivory soap, and I don't wear much makeup.''' ,'''I just feel my sexuality is private. I'm very shy about being sexy. That part of me has been so closed to the public eye. I've sold millions of records with my clothes on.''' ,'''The more natural, the better.''' ,'''Right now, it's really about my fans knowing that whatever I believed spiritually at the time is what I believed. I just wouldn't deliberately lie to them just to save my image.''' ,'''It's VH1, it's everywhere, and you know music is just the world right now. People love music.''' ,'''The idea of kids helping other kids is such a great way to introduce children to being involved in charitable causes and volunteer work, setting them on the path to doing good for others throughout their lives.''' ,'''It may not be the best in someone else's eyes, but it's the best I can do.''' ,'''Your children can be around you all day, but if you don't spend quality time with them and you don't pay attention to them and talk to them and listen to them, it doesn't matter that they're just around you.''' ,'''I'm going to let people know that it's cool to have a child and be young and still be a good mom. It's really tough, but I'm doing it.''' ,'''I certainly didn't want to date. I was through with guys.''' ,'''All my favorite stars, my family and my friends are here. I'm having the happiest birthday that an 18-year-old girl could ever have.''' ,'''I've just got to get that album out. I have to get it out, if it's the last thing I do.''' ,'''The mall is my life.''' ,'''When I was 17, my producer Rodney Jerkins was working with Michael Jackson at the time. He knew how much I wanted to meet Michael Jackson, so he says, 'Would you like to come and meet him?' I'm like, 'Are you serious? Of course I want to meet Michael Jackson! Where do I meet you? Where do we come?'''' ,'''Music is passionate. It's love for me.''' ,'''All I could think about was, 'I just wanna blow him away. I wanna make him proud, because I really wanna sign with Timbaland and spend the rest of my career making music with Tim.'''' ,'''My daughter hasn't seen me with anybody in five years. I'm very, very selective when it comes to that because I want to make sure that it's real. I don't want her to see me with just anybody because she means everything to me.''' ,'''So when you get a chance to look at things and chill and relax, it makes you want it more, and that's why I'm so happy to be back!''' ,]
+++