+++
author = "Rajinikanth"
title = "Rajinikanth Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Rajinikanth Quotes"
keywords = "rajinikanth,rajinikanth quotes,rajinikanth quote,rajinikanth sayings,rajinikanth saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would like to call myself a spiritualist more than an actor.''' ,''''Kochadaiyaan' is a fantasy film. It will attract not only children but everyone.''' ,'''Tamil Nadu needs a leader, a leadership. I am coming to fill that vacuum.''' ,'''Whenever I am unwell, I come back because of the prayers of my fans.''' ,'''Before acquiring a project, take the advice of experienced trade pundits in the industry and analyse the risks and business propositions thoroughly.''' ,'''Starting with a meagre amount of Rs 300 as a conductor, when I became an actor and started seeing huge moneys like Rs 3 or 4 lakhs, I thought I was 'an exclusive creation' by God, and he had made me like this. Later, I got the wisdom and realised that my time was good and things worked out! And I was also a normal human being like others.''' ,'''I am drawn towards the power of spirituality and derive a lot of energy from it.''' ,'''Due to God's grace and a good director, I became successful.''' ,'''I am not doing films for awards.''' ,''''Basha' is the best screenplay in my career.''' ,'''Even God can't save Tamil Nadu if Jayalalithaa comes back to power again.''' ,'''I am joining politics for sure.''' ,'''Real human purpose in life is to realise self. I am on the path to spirituality, to realise my inner self.''' ,'''I like 'Kaala' more than 'Kabali.'''' ,'''The truth is, hero of '2.0' is not Rajinikanth but Akshay Kumar. If I was given a choice, I would have taken that character. Hats off to Akshay. He has worked so hard.''' ,'''If I get a good character, a suitable role, a good producer-director, only then will I do a film.''' ,'''There is always a question that arises asking if am a Tamilan. I am 66 years old now. I had been in Karnataka only for 23 years; for the remaining 44 years of my life, I have been in Tamil Nadu with the Tamil people.''' ,'''There's politics in 'Kaala,' but it's not a political drama.''' ,'''I used to have a private... life. Now I dont have that... I have no freedom. I miss my normal life terribly. Its a prison-like life I'm leading.''' ,'''Usually, in many films, only the hero's character is of importance, and the others may not be as significant. But in 'Kaala,' there are at least six characters that will have a huge impact and will stay with you even after the movie.''' ,'''Everyone's amazed by the question that how did I succeed as an actor in the industry, which has Kamal Haasan? It's because I grew as an actor watching Kamal's acting.''' ,'''The media is so powerful.''' ,'''I'm not entering politics for name or fame.''' ,'''We want an honest and casteless politics.''' ,'''A producer is bound to market his product with innovative gimmicks and quirky selling techniques, but distributors and exhibitors should not fall prey to it. Don't buy a film for exorbitant price and crib about losses post the film's release.''' ,'''If you leave without a fight, you will get the name of a coward.''' ,'''People's support, fan's love and support, give me energy.''' ,'''MeToo is a good movement, but women should not misuse it... MeToo should be used correctly.''' ,'''How you communicate while criticising a film is important. Don't pass any hurtful remarks.''' ,'''God gave me an actor's role; I have done that well. God gave me now a political role, and I am 100 per cent sure I will perform that well.''' ,'''If people go out and start protests for everything, then entire Tamil Nadu will become a grave yard!''' ,'''For me, every film is like the first picture. I am very choosy with the director and producer.''' ,'''My brother was my first guru who introduced me to spiritualism at a very young age. He later even enrolled me into Ramakrishna Mission.''' ,'''Ranjith is a great human being who cares for his community and his people a lot.''' ,'''I am hesitating about joining politics since I know the difficulties.''' ,'''For me, the only superstar is Amitabh Bachchan.''' ,'''There are lot of people who speak about superstardom, but I'd like to say that it's not about any individual - it's about the opportunity.''' ,'''Working with intelligent people is easy, but we should be careful with geniuses.''' ,'''I was a Kannada journalist and had worked in 'Samyukta Karnataka' newspaper as a proofreader.''' ,'''I have always said, 'Never stop work.' Continue work and sort out issues simultaneously.''' ,'''Spiritual government means a pure government that doesn't discriminate on the lines of caste, creed, or religion.''' ,'''This rumour that the BJP is behind me has been going on for a while, but the truth is the only person behind me is God - and, of course, the people of Tamil Nadu.''' ,'''To ride two horses at the same time is difficult.''' ,'''It is only in our country that you see that not just invaders but politicians have robbed us, too.''' ,'''Suresh Krissna and Mani Ratnam are the ones who made me a superstar.''' ,'''By God's grace, the only property my parents gave me was a good body. No BP, no sugar, no hereditary problems. Small build, tight skin.''' ,'''The land of Ramakrishna Paramhansa, Swami Vivekananda, Rabindranath Tagore, and Subash Chandra Bose has mesmerised me. I am really happy to meet such lovely people, good and kindhearted people.''' ,'''I grew as an actor just by watching Kamal Haasan acting. I had the good fortune of being able to observe Kamal Haasan from close quarters.''' ,'''When producers and directors were courting Sivaji Ganesan, MGR directed and produced 'Nadodi Mannan' and showed that he can do it alone. He created history and stood his ground against one of the best actors in history, Sivaji Ganesan.''' ,'''When K. Balachander saw me for the first time, he booked me for three films and asked me to learn Tamil first.''' ,'''I'm not worried by politics: I'm worried about the media.''' ,'''In any field, when an opportunity arises, one mustn't let it go.''' ,'''In public life, criticism cannot be avoided completely.''' ,'''In my entire career, only two actors challenged me as villain in my films. One is Raghuvaran's character of Mark Antony in 'Baasha' and Ramya Krishnan's portrayal of Neelambari in 'Padaiyappa.'''' ,'''They say not everyone can be MGR. I agree. MGR is a revolutionary. Not in a 1,000 years can there be another MGR. If anyone says he will be the next MGR, he is insane. But I have the confidence that I can give the government that MGR gave to the people of Tamil Nadu.''' ,'''I believe spiritualism is above everything, and I would choose it over name, fame, and money because spiritualism gives you power, and I love power.''' ,'''It is not right to play politics with education.''' ,'''I go to the Himalayas after every film. I go alone. I go to the interiors, to the villages. Being there itself is like meditation.''' ,'''The worst form of violence is the assault on uniformed personnel.''' ,'''In the beginning, in 1975, just how big a star Kamal Haasan was, today's generation does not know.''' ,'''Apoorva Raagangal,' 'Moondru Mudichu,' 'Avargal' - these were all my guru K. Balachander's films; I became a hero with these three films.''' ,'''MGR's rule took care of the poor, the downtrodden, and the middle class. I have faith that I, too, can provide that rule. With the help of technology and the support of youngsters, resourceful people, and intellectuals, I, too, can provide that kind of a rule.''' ,]
+++