+++
author = "Elizabeth Meriwether"
title = "Elizabeth Meriwether Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Elizabeth Meriwether Quotes"
keywords = "elizabeth meriwether,elizabeth meriwether quotes,elizabeth meriwether quote,elizabeth meriwether sayings,elizabeth meriwether saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What does being a woman today mean? Is there a right way of doing it? Is there a wrong way of doing it? Different kinds of women, female friendships: It's all pretty funny, and worth making fun of.''' ,'''I think they should create a holiday for friends-with-benefits relationships. Because I feel like Valentine's Day is, maybe it's a day to stay home and cry.''' ,'''I just want to keep writing characters who are interesting and complicated people and interesting roles for women, in TV or film or in theater. I think that's like my 'Blues Brothers' mission.''' ,'''Why do British people make such good TV? It's so annoying. Stop it. Is it because they have free health care? Uggh.''' ,'''There are a lot of women screenwriters, but they are obviously outnumbered by men. And it still is a very much male-dominated industry.''' ,'''Every show is unique, some shows have the master plan and have everything figured out and that's just the way they do things. It's like high school. Some people write their papers the second they get their assignments, and some people write it the day after it's due. I am the latter.''' ,'''But, yes, I learned everything working in theater. I learned the importance of community - I was constantly going to play readings, stand-up nights, improv. nights.''' ,'''It is hard to be an actor on a TV show, because you don't know what's coming and you sort of find out very last minute sort of what's happening.''' ,'''The striking thing about 'New Girl' is that under all the comedy, there's something about the emotions and reactions that feels very real - much more real than other sitcoms. Like - maybe everybody is sort of laid bare in different ways.''' ,'''I think you have to love the characters that you write. I don't know how you could possibly write a TV show where you didn't love the characters.''' ,'''I love 'Cheers.' I didn't watch it growing up, but I watched it getting ready to do the first season of 'New Girl.' It bowls me over every time I see it. The romance, the comedy, the performances - every bit of it is just so compelling.''' ,'''I don't think anyone who runs a TV show would ever say to you, 'I have a grasp on running a TV show.' Maybe that's not true. Maybe there are people that do. I don't know.''' ,'''If I'm writing something and I'm not feeling mischievous, then I know it's not going to be great.''' ,'''Dysfunctional co-dependent relationships always appeal to me. I don't know exactly how it started. I start writing sketches of characters and little scene-lets, and then it builds.''' ,'''If women ran Hollywood, 'The Hollywood Reporter' would have a 'Men in Entertainment' issue every year, and those jerks would have to write something.''' ,'''I think so much of writing is an instinct, or a feel for a scene, or a feel for a character. You have to put into words the word 'tone,' which I think is thrown around a lot and can mean a hundred different things, but communicating that to other people is definitely a challenge.''' ,'''The funniest things just come from honesty. We have a tendency to see female characters as representative of something larger than what they are, when male characters are just characters.''' ,'''Every day, I learn something new. I think one of the most exciting things for a writer is to work on a TV show. It's like a novel. You have a really long time to develop and learn about the characters, and you can just really keep digging in deeper, every week.''' ,'''Please God, I hope my experience in downtown theater isn't over, because I'd love to keep making weird plays. I can't wait for Charles Isherwood to call my next play 'sit-com-y' and tell me to stick to writing television.''' ,'''I love that song 'I Could Have Danced All Night' from 'My Fair Lady' so much. I love that song because watching it as a kid, it was such an unbridled expression of joy.''' ,'''I think in a lot of romantic comedies it ends with a kiss, and I feel like in modern day relationships, and maybe just my own experience, it starts with a kiss and then all sort of falls apart and then comes together. You're texting. You're wondering what's going on. There's no definitions, there's no labels.''' ,'''I started out wanting to be an actor and I like to give actors as much as possible. I love writing stuff where they can really lose control.''' ,'''People want to put women in one box, and I'm interested in how women can be everything at once.''' ,'''I had this temp receptionist job in New York, and I kind of hated it, and in the morning I would come out of the subway and just walk along the New York streets with all these people around me and kind of sing to myself. Like, 'She's gonna make it!'''' ,'''I was really freaked out when I heard that Cookie Monster was going to be changed to Veggie Monster, but that turned out to be a lie.''' ,]
+++