+++
author = "Shaquill Griffin"
title = "Shaquill Griffin Quotes"
quotes_len = "79"
description = "the best 79 Shaquill Griffin Quotes"
keywords = "shaquill griffin,shaquill griffin quotes,shaquill griffin quote,shaquill griffin sayings,shaquill griffin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We plan ahead so we know what's to come. By eighth grade, we knew we would never leave each other. We talk about having adjacent houses when we get older.''' ,'''I feel like no one in the NFL is perfect.''' ,'''This is somewhere I want to be for now on, being in the Pro Bowl and being an All-Pro player.''' ,'''And don't get me wrong, I've built a life and some great friends and some great relationships in Seattle. But I also learned so much and knowing that there is a business aspect behind it, everything that I have learned, that's something that I hold dear to my heart.''' ,'''I feel like there was maybe a 1 percent chance that you get twin brothers on the same team.''' ,'''I need to make the play. No more dropping the ball.''' ,'''Before we got to high school, we created a bond that we told each other we weren't going to leave each other no matter what. When we go to school, we're gonna live with each other. We had a bond - we even said we were gonna marry twins, which is something that is a little difficult now to do.''' ,'''And Jacksonville was just a clear choice, after knowing that I just needed a fresh start, and everything is just new here.''' ,'''I feel like everything is so much bigger than us. I feel like we're here to motivate people and help them understand that you can push through anything.''' ,'''I'm very family-oriented.''' ,'''I like the package deal. A lot of schools just want me, but I know what I'm standing for. I know what I'm here for. I'd rather be with my brother than without my brother. Some college, I actually turned down because they didn't want the package deal. I'm sticking with it.''' ,'''I'm a rookie, but I'm not here to act like a rookie.''' ,'''I want to work on more man press techniques and be able to move around.''' ,'''You play against receivers, they're in one play and then they'll put somebody else in, run you deep and get you tired. Then they'll put their starters back in.''' ,'''I want to be able to press a person all four quarters of a game until he just can't take it anymore.''' ,'''My dad was a man of few words.''' ,'''I've never been lonely.''' ,'''I have so much love for my family and they have so much love for me.''' ,'''I never let someone tell me what I can't do.''' ,'''So I felt like I had to become a better person, a better man when it comes to my life and everything I have done and will do. I had to figure that part out myself. When it came to the way I was thinking, it was all about, 'Oh, make this play, get these stats, get these accolades.' I felt like that's what was important, and that's never true.''' ,'''I'm only 25 years old, I feel like my best ball is ahead of me.''' ,'''Everything that I want to do as a player, I started there. So, of course, I had some love for Seattle and was hoping that I could go back there.''' ,'''Being that team player, all of my thoughts are about the team. What can I do for the team?''' ,'''It feels comfortable to me being on the left side, knowing that I'm left handed, being more dominant on that side.''' ,'''We've been out of the country one time, in sophomore year, first game of the season versus Penn State, but it was in Ireland actually.''' ,'''I feel like when the secondary plays well, I feel it kind of trickles down to the linebackers, the D line.''' ,'''But I feel like I have two personalities when it comes to being around people, and then being on the field is a totally different person.''' ,'''I remember plays that hurt me that I had to live with.''' ,'''You figure out your career. You do that and if football comes behind it, cool.''' ,'''Hopefully, everything works out knowing hopefully I can be a Seahawk forever.''' ,'''You're your own athlete, you have your own story to write and at the end of the day, our story that we have together will always be there and we're still writing it.''' ,'''I want to be able to help out and give back to people and give them something nice to be able to train at and get a chance to get a head start on things. And just continue to push out my brother's story while I reach out to kids.''' ,'''To get change, you need to go on and vote.''' ,'''So I'm gonna work out and stay busy, just go get my body back right. And whatever team it is that I fall on I fall on.''' ,'''You know, going on three years playing with your twin brother. You're talking about a guy you played with on the same team for your whole entire career. When we first started playing, we were about four, five years old. So, it's been amazing.''' ,'''Coming back to Florida, being able to have the opportunity to be a part of something new and something great and something special, I feel like that's the part that I was looking forward to.''' ,'''Find what makes you happy. Find what you love and take full advantage of it.''' ,'''I would love to be back in Seattle, but I know there's a business aspect behind it. But that organization knows I love it over there - the fans and coaches know how much I love Seattle. But at the end of the day, I know it's strictly business.''' ,'''I don't have any thoughts that are speaking on myself, and that's the type of player I need to be.''' ,'''You should be thinking about the team first, and that's the mind-set.''' ,'''I seen myself finishing everything off in the Super Bowl.''' ,'''If we want to win we've got to start aggressive, start fast and we've got to finish the same way.''' ,'''We once were at a time in our lives when we felt our vote did not matter, and that came from conversations with people who felt the same way. But our vote really does count. We all sat down together, talked with our mom and dad, and you can't get to the point that it doesn't matter.''' ,'''As a team and as a player, it's about winning, and if you're only thinking about yourself, you're thinking about the wrong thing.''' ,'''To have a guy who believes in you from the time you step on the field as a rookie is just awesome.''' ,'''I have a different mentality on the field.''' ,'''I've got to be more than just good. I've got to be more than just great. I've got to be elite, and I've got to be that type of guy they can count on.''' ,'''The play that's on top of the ball, where I'm on top of the receiver? If that ball is in the air and I can make it, I'm going to make it.''' ,'''You rely on technique, that playbook and what you saw on film, you can do whatever it takes to win a game.''' ,'''Being a twin attracts a lot of attention. But we never wished we weren't.''' ,'''I just had to believe in myself.''' ,'''You go against so many different receivers, sometimes you want to try different techniques.''' ,'''My whole thing was I wanted to stay poised in different situations and scenarios.''' ,'''I would look straight back at the quarterback thinking the ball's coming straight to me... and as soon as I looked back, the ball's going right over my head.''' ,'''Playing in Seattle, 'The 12' are extremely loud. At first, I could be on the field, two feet away from you and not hear a single thing you're saying. But once you get used to the noise, you use it to your advantage. It charges you up.''' ,'''The more you target me, the more fun it is for me.''' ,'''I'm just going to give them everything I have to give as a player and as a man on and off the field. I'm hoping with me doing that and being the leader that I am, it trickles down and becomes so contagious that everybody is doing it. That's how you change a program around with everybody buying in and believing in the same thing.''' ,'''I want to work on my endurance.''' ,'''I think that's the most exciting thing, writing my own journey, my story with an organization that truly believes in me the same way I believe in them.''' ,'''My brother and I do have a feel for each other, and especially in college we each just knew what the other was going to do next, each play.''' ,'''I love to compete.''' ,'''In this league, you can lose to anybody. It don't matter who it is. It don't matter if they lost every single game. You can lose to anybody in this league if you don't play right.''' ,'''I'm more serious and mature.''' ,'''We were a package deal. It started when we were young. That was type of bond we had. When scholarships came in, we kept it the same way.''' ,'''I would never take anything for granted.''' ,'''At the end of the day, just got to go play football. That's all there is to it.''' ,'''Started an early career with Seattle, came straight in and they gave me a chance to play early.''' ,'''After the NFLPA game, coaches were coming up to me and saying, 'We didn't even know who you were, we didn't even know your name; we weren't supposed to be even looking at you, but man, we have no choice.' And, like, the NFLPA game, I wasn't even invited until the last minute.''' ,'''If I do get a chance in a game, that's perfect.''' ,'''I don't have to do anything outrageous. I just feel like if I come and be completely who I am and completely who I am to this game and give the same to my peers, to my teammates, these coaches, I feel like that's all we need to do.''' ,'''I remember my second year, in the playoff game in Dallas, I remember every play that happened. I remembered giving up a back-shoulder fade in the end zone, scoring.''' ,'''My main thing was just, I'm not worried about the stats or anything behind it, I just want to win. I want to win everything.''' ,'''If there's any questions, I still will shoot him a text or shoot him a call and he'll definitely help me out. That's the type of person Richard Sherman is. He's always willing to help.''' ,'''It's OK to sometimes say no.''' ,'''Doesn't matter if you're playing football, running track or managing a restaurant, you want to be the best at what you do in life.''' ,'''In college, you always say you're looking for a home. I found my home in Seattle before I did in college. So that's why I say I love it here.''' ,'''I feel like I was trying to imitate other people or trying to be something I wasn't.''' ,'''I remember hearing stories about Aaron Rodgers coming into my rookie year and to get my hands on him, it's huge.''' ,'''At the end of the day it's still football. It's nothing to over-process: You're going against another player who puts their pants and shoes on the way you do, and that's something I realized.''' ,]
+++