+++
author = "Michael Palin"
title = "Michael Palin Quotes"
quotes_len = "53"
description = "the best 53 Michael Palin Quotes"
keywords = "michael palin,michael palin quotes,michael palin quote,michael palin sayings,michael palin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd got over playing a character. People accepted who I was, and if I was incompetent and useless, they felt quite endeared to me.''' ,'''I've never particularly liked travelling with large groups or being told where to go by somebody else. I prefer to find out for myself.''' ,'''People say the most stupid things on the spur of the moment that they then have to retract.''' ,'''I can be me, and people seem quite happy with that.''' ,'''I am restless. I don't mind leaving this comfortable, static life. I could live a year on my own in a remote village.''' ,'''Fame changes everything. When you're well-known, you're expected to be different. Some people assume you must have a yacht and four homes. Or that you're famous because you are 'A Decent Man'.''' ,'''I've been lucky to have made a number of travel programmes with the BBC, the object being to see places off the beaten track. As a result, I've often had a guide who's been able to show me things that you wouldn't see with a tour group.''' ,'''I know that we shall meet problems along the way, but I'd far rather see for myself what's going on in the world outside, than rely on newspapers, television, politicians and religious leaders to tell me what I should be thinking.''' ,'''I am not a great cook, I am not a great artist, but I love art, and I love food, so I am the perfect traveller.''' ,'''If you had a successful TV show, people wanted to see you live. Promoters had had practice with pop groups, and 'Python' achieved a similar status. We also had lots of rock star fans - George Harrison, Pink Floyd, Robert Plant. Promoters saw that and liked it.''' ,'''I've been lucky enough to stand on both poles, but the place that seemed the remotest to me was Butugychag, a former gulag in Siberia. It is completely cut off from the rest of the world.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an explorer, but - it seemed I was doomed to be nothing more than a very silly person.''' ,'''People are still crazy about Python after twenty-five years, which I find hard to believe.''' ,'''I got my first lifetime achievement award years ago, and I was very excited, but then I got a sense of: Well, can one get a second lifetime award?''' ,'''I am certainly more interested in interviewing than being interviewed. Sometimes you find yourself attacked from the start.''' ,'''So many people had been asking me to write an autobiography, or threatening to write my biography without any input from me, that I thought I'd better tell my story before other people told it for me.''' ,'''I wanted to be an explorer, but gradually found the world had been explored and that there was nowhere left, really. Once they climbed Everest in 1953, when I was 10 years old, I thought, 'Well, that's pretty much it now.' But the idea of travelling and exploring and adventure was very strong.''' ,'''I've never had a particular skill. I can't cook, dance, play an instrument, speak a foreign language. This used to worry me. I'd think, when I'm grown up, at 18, then I made it 21, it will be clear what role I should have in life. It never happened. I never signed on the dotted line as the sort of adult my father wanted.''' ,'''When I read profiles of myself, I sometimes think: 'I have spent my whole life struggling to understand my motivations and impulses, and I've never quite sorted them out.'''' ,'''I don't seek discomfort. But, very often, you realise that what you fear is actually quite ephemeral; something's different, something's unfamiliar; therefore, it must be worse.''' ,'''There is nothing better than playing a scene with John Cleese or Maggie Smith. It's electric. But I don't think I'm the sort of person who needs to have an outer ego in order to produce something. I realised that through the travel programmes.''' ,'''I saw novelists as being admirable people and I thought... I thought... maybe, one day, I could be one of them.''' ,'''Travelling, and being paid for it, is just great.''' ,'''When I'm travelling, I always take my little notebook and scribble things down as I watch them; I'm very much geared to everything that's happening. Whereas, the diary I keep is just about a record of a day I've spent. When I'm filming, I'm looking quite intensely at everything I see and trying to get my own eye on what we're going through.''' ,'''There is barely a country in the world where you will be completely safe.''' ,'''One of the most important days of my life was when I learned to ride a bicycle.''' ,'''The kids growing up is a separate strand to your life. However bad a day you've had, that's the most important thing, and you have to remember that.''' ,'''I want people to know there is more to Somalia than looting and piracy.''' ,''''The Truth' is not meant to preach or point any fingers. It's meant to show that perhaps we should all avoid taking the moral high ground unless we have thought about things a bit more.''' ,''''Nice' means nothing. Is it someone who doesn't swear and shout? I swear and shout. 'Nice' sounds ineffectual.''' ,'''I was very bad at projecting my voice. I used to do this Gumby Flower Arranging sketch which involved shouting, and I could never do it right, and at one point my voice went completely.''' ,'''There are people who travel because they want to push themselves to physical limits, people who walk across deserts or cycle across the Antarctic - like Ranulph Fiennes, who just does it because it's there. And then there are people like me, who are just genuinely curious about the world.''' ,'''Despite having seen a fair amount of the world, I still love travelling - I just have an insatiable curiosity and like looking out of a window.''' ,'''I will die, but not retire.''' ,'''I have been unusually blessed in that I've been allowed to pursue two strands of a career that both delight me and seem to please the public.''' ,'''Something about John Cleese was always very unsettled, I felt. There was always something else he wanted to do. He seemed constantly driven by this sense that there was a nirvana somewhere; some unique place where mind, body and soul would be utterly satisfied.''' ,'''I think some of the best modern writing comes now from travellers.''' ,'''I'm not good at confrontation. I know my strengths. I like company. And I am not a great arguer... I do find it much easier talking to people I like about things we both like.''' ,'''The human race should just slow down and think about what it is doing.''' ,'''The trouble with travelling back later on is that you can never repeat the same experience.''' ,'''Contrary to what the politicians and religious leaders would like us to believe, the world won't be made safer by creating barriers between people.''' ,'''I would love to go to Iran. The island of Madagascar, everyone says is pretty exotic, or the wonderful Namibian desert.''' ,'''I don't see why it should be remarkable that you can acquire a reputation for fairness and decency. Those are qualities shared by so many people. And the great majority of people I meet are decent people, just trying to navigate their way through the world without causing too much trouble.''' ,'''You don't ask people about the immigration policies of the U.K. or their country's agricultural policy. Instead, you talk to them about the meal they're eating or their family, and from that you get the sense of another human being, someone we can all relate to.''' ,'''Hollywood was possible for a while! Why didn't I go along with it? Well, the other things that were pulling me back were more important. Being at home, being in the same marriage, these things enabled me to go off and travel in the first place.''' ,'''I love reading other people's diaries, especially someone like Virginia Woolf's - such a formidable woman that it's a revelation when she shows you a more vulnerable side of herself.''' ,'''I'm not your expert on Africa or animals or whatever. I'm not a travel writer or maker of documentaries. I was someone who doesn't know very much, trying to communicate.''' ,'''Armageddon is not around the corner. This is only what the people of violence want us to believe. The complexity and diversity of the world is the hope for the future.''' ,'''People look for patterns in everything. It's what keeps us sane, I suppose. I struggle to see any patterns in my life. I think I can understand depression a bit because of my sister. My own feelings of... I'm aware that, if you feel down, it can be strangely unrelated to circumstances around you. That's just the way life is.''' ,'''I do have high standards. I look at everything I have done and think, 'Why wasn't that better?' Part of my motivation is from crippling self-doubt - I have got to prove myself wrong.''' ,'''I've always been blessed, or cursed, some might say, with an insatiable curiosity, a desire to find something out about a people and a place. That's where it all begins.''' ,'''I think you learn a lot about a country from its art. To me, it's part of the drama of life. It teaches you that there are places, moments and incidents in other cultures that genuinely have a life of their own.''' ,'''Please don't ask which I enjoy more - acting or hosting - because I love them equally.''' ,]
+++