+++
author = "John Petrucci"
title = "John Petrucci Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 John Petrucci Quotes"
keywords = "john petrucci,john petrucci quotes,john petrucci quote,john petrucci sayings,john petrucci saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''By adding open strings to even the simplest chords, you can create voicings that sound sophisticated, but are really easy (and fun) to play. They're practical, not intimidating, and most certainly don't sound like 'jazz chords.'''' ,'''I do remember one of the first great experiences of going to Europe was playing in Rome hearing the people sing our music so loud. It was louder than the music we were playing.''' ,'''Dream Theater music, there's a lot of background and context to the songs, as far as the subject matter and the albums they come from.''' ,'''In my touring rig, there's a pedal drawer, where I'm able to switch pedals in and out, going into the front of the amp.''' ,'''You know, as kids were weren't jazz musicians or anything. But, the circle of friends and the neighborhood I lived in, we were really big Rush freaks and Yes fans. We would listen to 'Close to the Edge' and 'Hemispheres' and '2112' - the more artsy, progressive stuff. Some of the guys were into King Crimson and Genesis and all that.''' ,'''I often use triadic arpeggio forms within my riffs and solos as a tool to create rich-sounding, poly-chordal sounds.''' ,'''When we tour in America, the shows are great, and the fans are just as passionate and excited as anywhere else in the world, but in other parts of the world, in parts of South America and in parts of Europe and Asia, the size of the venues and the amount of people we get at concerts is considerably more.''' ,'''We're a band that really... It's important to us to write music and put it out there and to work together.''' ,'''When you use a metronome, you'll start to notice where the notes are falling, if they're on the beat, behind the beat, between the beat, and so on.''' ,'''I've always said that there's a huge progressive rock, progressive metal audience out there, in the world. We see it when we're on tour.''' ,'''The cool thing about our fans is that they're not just passive concert goers.''' ,'''Before you start a practicing regimen, you have to be aware that the study of music is a lifelong process-it's a discipline. And the key to mastering any discipline is consistency.''' ,'''The guitar is a funny instrument because you have bendable strings and distortion - there's a potential for noise. It is more exposing. Actually controlling the instrument, using proper vibrato, bending notes in tune, not fretting too hard, controlling the noise is a skill in itself that takes many years.''' ,'''Although music comes from a very personal place, talent is meant to be shared.''' ,'''For anyone who doesn't know his work, Andreas Vollenweider is a harpist who creates very atmospheric, new agey music that's totally beautiful.''' ,'''I'm a fan of creative writing and telling stories.''' ,'''As a guitar player, you never stop learning, never stop honing your skills.''' ,'''Rush is one of the common denominators in our band as far as a band that everybody loves and grew up with and was a big influence.''' ,'''We've always had a very strong focus on the instrumentation, and our approach to our individual instruments.''' ,'''I'll never forget when I heard Steve Morse and the Dixie Dregs for the first time. I was just blown away, and it changed my whole approach to guitar.''' ,'''There's successes you have in your career. For me, for example, as a guitar player, as somebody in a band putting out albums, the success that we have in our field and how we're viewed by our fans; that type of success means more than anything to us.''' ,'''When I was younger, and Iron Maiden and Def Leppard and all that stuff was coming out, I was learning all those songs and trying to play guitar and develop my chops. I was a big fan.''' ,'''Don't get stuck in a rut. If you started yesterday's practice playing arpeggios, start today's with scales. Also, try to make a song out of what you're practicing to help break the tedium.''' ,'''When I look back and think about how I played when I was 16, and moving on to my 20s, 30s, 40s and now 50s - to me, it seems like you gain more experience, you gain more technique, you get better.''' ,'''I think if anything, what 'The Astonishing' proved is that we're always going to experiment.''' ,'''Sometimes just allowing yourself to noodle without any structure will enable you to stumble upon great new ideas, culminating in creating your own distinct voice on the instrument.''' ,'''It's one thing to be recognized by your peers over the course of your career, but the Grammy is something else altogether. You have the Recording Academy, along with a huge cross-section of producers, writers, engineers and musicians from all different musical genres and backgrounds who are making a decision. It's an amazing feeling.''' ,'''I love playing live, but our tours generally last about a year. I could never do this without the understanding and support of my wife. She's also a guitar player, and we knew each other before Dream Theater started touring.''' ,'''Once you've developed some technical facility on the guitar, the musical side (which entails theory, harmony, chord structure, ear training, sight-reading, composition and being able to hear chord progressions and licks) comes into play a lot more.''' ,'''Guitarists use downstrokes and upstrokes to play fast patterns, but doubling up on down- or upstrokes might be essential to the sound of a specific melody. So as a player, you've got to sharpen your picking skills as much as you can.''' ,'''Rush and guitarist Alex Lifeson are among my biggest influences.''' ,'''The guitar is the ultimate vehicle for expression and composition for me. It's a part of my DNA!''' ,'''When I think of a lot of the players I admire, they could always play their parts without hiding behind distortion and sustain.''' ,'''If you practice in a focused, concentrated manner and make efficient use of your time, you will progress a lot faster than if you were to use the same time noodling without any specific goals or direction.''' ,'''I'm such a huge fan of Steve Howe, I worship him.''' ,'''A violin neck is much smaller than the guitar's, so it's much easier to play wide intervals on one violin string. On the guitar, you really have to stretch to play them.''' ,'''Chopin was a master of melody, harmony and voice leading - the art of smoothly moving from chord to chord.''' ,'''Using open strings is a great way to add texture and atmosphere to any chord progression.''' ,'''Definitely an important aspect of my playing is keeping my hands in sync.''' ,'''If I had to pick a favorite band of all time, it would be Rush.''' ,'''Of all the things that can frustrate a guitarist the most, it's the nagging feeling that he's not reaching a certain level of proficiency as quickly as he should.''' ,'''When you watch your favorite guitarists play, notice how little their hands and fingers move sometimes. The economy of motion can't be overemphasized.''' ,'''I could talk about technique, theory and gear for days!''' ,'''2112' basically set the course for my musical career and how I approached Dream Theater.''' ,'''For a band like us, one that you don't necessarily hear on the radio, it's our fans that keep us alive and keep us going, and it's been an ever-growing base, especially with the younger kids that play guitar and want to play complex music.''' ,'''I think it's really hard to describe music without alienating somebody.''' ,'''Your solos should be as interesting as any other part of the song.''' ,'''It's amazing how well real strings blend with metal, like that whole sound.''' ,'''We are very, very fortunate to have built a career based on playing the kind of music we play. In a lot of ways, it's a very eclectic style. It's not pop; it's not mainstream; so the fact that we have been able to have the career that we have had internationally, with all the success we've had, it's like a miracle. It's amazing.''' ,'''There should always be some sort of conclusion or climax to your solos.''' ,'''Just because you have developed the craft on your instrument doesn't mean that you don't have the ability to be expressive emotionally on that instrument, or vice versa.''' ,'''I always get frustrated when I hear someone talking about sweep arpeggios. Though there are plenty of licks and examples out there, no one has ever really broken down the mechanics of the technique. As a result, guitarists have had to figure them out by trial and error.''' ,'''We record Dream Theater shows and I'll sit on the bus and listen to my playing - what worked, what didn't. A lot of times it's embarrassing and humbling, but that's what you have to do to get better.''' ,'''I'm realizing this more and more that it's one thing to get involved with your own political beliefs and stand behind you believe in personally. But as far as bands doing that in a way where they think they're going to fight the government, the only people they're really hurting is the fans.''' ,'''In order to become a well-rounded musician, you have to master the three major aspects of guitar playing: the technical side, the musical side and the creative side.''' ,'''I have seen Tommy Emanuel play; my wife and I went to see him and he just melted my face off. How do you play guitar like that? There are so many people that play at a ridiculous level and I sit there watching them and I'm like, 'Wow, wish I could do that.'''' ,'''I'm grateful that as part of the Ernie Ball family, I'm able to connect with my fans in such a meaningful way and hopefully inspire guitar players to up their game!''' ,'''Oftentimes, whenever I do interviews with guitar magazines and we discuss my influences, I mention people like Steve Morse, Alex Lifeson, Al Di Meola - but John Scofield's name never comes up. And that's funny because he's so amazing; he's the epitome of a really cool guitar player.''' ,'''You can approach the guitar like a voice. That's the best way of looking at it. If you are singing, you can't keep going a million miles an hour. You can only fit so many syllables in, so think about what you can sing through your guitar. Players like David Gilmour and Neal Schon are great at that kind of thing.''' ,'''To play sweep arpeggios correctly, you have to mute each note with the left hand immediately after picking it.''' ,'''When you reminisce, you don't say, 'Remember that time you got sued by so-and-so?' No, you say, 'Remember when we played here and it was unbelievable, and we went out for that incredible meal and that funny thing happened?' Those are the important moments.''' ,'''I spent a lot of time developing my chops when I was younger. In doing so, I found that one of the hardest things was dealing with what to practice.''' ,'''Music is great, because you can do that pretty much until you drop.''' ,'''Early on in my career, I was really into the volume pedal techniques that somebody like Steve Howe or Alex Lifeson would use.''' ,'''We toured with Iron Maiden and we opened and they'd come in later and I didn't have a lot of time to get to hang out with those guys. Whenever you did, whether it was sitting down at catering or something, you tried to take advantage and just hang out and talk and trade stories.''' ,'''After you've practiced for an hour or so, turn down the lights and record yourself playing. Improvise and go nuts, then playback what you've recorded and listen for your strengths and weaknesses.''' ,'''You can go on YouTube now and see young kids with massive technique. There's literally eight and nine year olds who can play amazingly. There's no limit to where you can take it.''' ,'''Seeing Rush the first time was huge for me. That was my favorite band and I couldn't believe they were actually in the same building as me. I was totally freaking out when the show started and when they started to play it was almost like cartoon characters coming to life. I couldn't get my head around the fact that it was really them.''' ,'''Growing up on Long Island, I think Billy Joel albums come with your driver's license.''' ,'''One of the main things I look for in a guitarist is in the sound itself. I go for a certain sound, and I think it's an important thing for making a player more identifiable in the big giant pool of musicians out there. You want a sound that people will recognise just as much as your playing.''' ,'''I listen to somebody like Shawn Lane, and unfortunately he is no longer with us, but I hear him playing and I am like, 'That is just absolutely ridiculous.'''' ,'''The best way to learn sweep picking is to first isolate the right- and left-hand techniques, master them separately and then coordinate them.''' ,'''Music doesn't have to sit within the confines of pop structure, you can really make stuff that's more visual.''' ,'''I've always employed a melodic style with my leads, placing strong emphasis on infusing romantic sensibilities into what I'm trying to say. Those big, epic melodies come from influences like Pink Floyd, Journey, Marillion... bands that have these guitar parts that are just soaring!''' ,'''Just because something is very technical or heavy doesn't mean that it's not melodic.''' ,'''I don't have very eclectic tastes in music.''' ,'''When I listen to symphonies, or long pieces of music, there are so many different moods and movements, and things that are really beautiful going to something with a lot of tension.''' ,'''One very important side of my playing lies in rhythm; I have a very percussive style. It's one I've developed with Dream Theater over the years, and requires the guitar to be very locked into the rhythm of the drums... way more than what would normally entail.''' ,'''For me, it's always easier playing with a drummer.''' ,'''I started to get turned on to a bunch of different bands when I was in middle school/high school. I was turned onto The Who and Black Sabbath and Yes, and stuff like that. But Rush I obsessed over. I wanted to have every album. I wanted to know storylines, read all the lyrics, learn the songs and everything.''' ,'''I wanted to go to Berklee College of Music because that's where Steve Vai went - I was total tunnel vision.''' ,'''Anytime I can use open strings in a chord, or add a ninth, I will.''' ,'''I used to have these reoccurring dreams that I played guitar, which I thought was so bizarre. It all sort of fit together at some point, and I said 'I want to play guitar.'''' ,'''Before you can apply chromatic ideas to scales and arpeggios, you have to get the chromatic scale itself under your fingers. You should learn it up and down the neck, and become comfortable with the fingerings.''' ,'''Where I lived, on Long Island, you had the radio stations that always played Led Zeppelin and Pink Floyd, Black Sabbath and AC/DC and all that. I grew up on all that stuff.''' ,'''I don't know if people know this about me, but I'm into Billy Joel. I'm a huge fan of his and always have been. He's just a quintessential songwriter of our time. Talk about a storied career - so many classic songs and great albums.''' ,'''The style of music that we're playing, this progressive metal style, has always been an upstream battle for us. We don't usually get a lot of commercial exposure.''' ,'''I've listened to musicians who say that using a metronone makes you robotic, that it decreases your 'feel.' That's ridiculous. Either you have feel or you don't. Feel is one of those intangibles that can't be taught. But if you do have feel, using a metronome will allow you to play cleaner - and that'll make your 'feel' have more, well, 'feeling.'''' ,'''To me, there's no question that using a metronome develops your speed and accuracy. If you're learning scales or you're jamming on parts that you can't quite pull off, it's a must.''' ,'''As a guitar player, playing instrumental music is a blast.''' ,'''So many things will happen, for better or worse, in your career, and it's very easy for those things to bog you down or consume you. But when you get a chance to look back, you realize that those were not the things that were really important.''' ,'''That's kind of the nature of being in a progressive band - always trying new things, moving forward.''' ,'''In the neighborhood that I grew up in - in New York on Long Island - there were a lot of musicians. For some reason, that time in history in our town in New York, everybody played. So it was all around me.''' ,'''Just because something is melodic or catchy doesn't mean that it doesn't have depth and substance and progressive sensibilities.''' ,'''We love what we do. We're passionate about making music and as composers; that's just who we are.''' ,'''Before Dream Theater took off I used to teach a lot, and one of the things my students often asked me was how to apply the chromatic scale to practical playing situations. You see, their other teachers would give them chromatic warm-up exercises without providing any explanation of how important and versatile this scale actually is.''' ,'''Dream Theater has never been a band that hit at a particular fashionable point and said, 'OK, that's basically it.'''' ,'''As teenagers, we used to listen to entire Rush albums, entire Pink Floyd albums and shut down the lights and it was great.''' ,'''I see every new album as an opportunity to start over. To either build or improve upon a direction that has been evolving over time or to completely break new ground.''' ,'''It's much better to play the guitar a half hour a day, every day, than not practice for a week and then jam for five hours one day.''' ,]
+++