+++
author = "Mithila Palkar"
title = "Mithila Palkar Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mithila Palkar Quotes"
keywords = "mithila palkar,mithila palkar quotes,mithila palkar quote,mithila palkar sayings,mithila palkar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''At a Metro station, I got called out by my character name - Meera - and I realised that I had started responding to that quite intuitively. It was quite a funny moment.''' ,'''Who does not want to work in Bollywood?''' ,'''I wanted to act and do good work with good people. I wanted to be a part of good content. That was my only ambition. So I made the most of the opportunities that came to me.''' ,'''I just ignore the negative people and trolls. They stop bothering you when you don't acknowledge them; it suits me just right.''' ,'''Wherever there is an opportunity is where you will find me.''' ,'''I have always played the cheerful girl next door, especially on the Internet, and this film is a break from that. My character is more moody and bratty in 'Karwaan.'''' ,'''I have grown up watching plays at Shivaji Mandir and used to participate in plays in school, too.''' ,'''Even when I was starting out, I knew there were certain things that I didn't want to do or wanted to do.''' ,'''I love lipsticks and have quite a collection.''' ,'''I try not to take pressure because that it just stresses you out.''' ,'''I am ready to work in any industry whether its Bollywood, Hollywood, the digital platforms, South Indian film, or Bengali films. Wherever I get a good opportunity, I'll be there.''' ,''''Karwaan' was meant for me.''' ,'''Digital is a fantastic platform to tell your stories.''' ,'''I'm a hopeless romantic and a believer in handwritten letters.''' ,'''It wasn't easy to leave my comfort zone and chase my dreams. However, it is important to believe in yourself.''' ,'''I've done over 100 auditions, but I was lucky to stumble onto the Internet as it was growing. Because in film, people are not looking at casting completely unknown faces as lead roles.''' ,'''I shop once in six months. My friends often point at my shoes to tell me that they've worn out. It's embarrassing, but it doesn't affect me too much. I shop when I have to.''' ,'''I like to keep experimenting - singing, dancing, acting. I want to learn an instrument, dive. I want to do everything. I will keep pushing myself into as many things as I can.''' ,'''I cannot watch my performance as an audience because whenever I watch anything that I am a part of, I watch critically.''' ,'''I was 12 when I was on stage for the first time and had an epiphany that this is what I wanted to do.''' ,'''I believe that if you want to say something, record a video and put it up because at some point, it will be seen. One shouldn't have inhibitions about this.''' ,'''I have no apprehension over cutting my hair.''' ,'''I wouldn't attribute everything to luck. I think I am very hardworking, and nothing discounts hard work for anything.''' ,''''Girl in the City' has been such a special project for everyone involved.''' ,'''I like to keep it bare minimum, be it make-up or accessories.''' ,'''I get along with people quickly.''' ,'''As an artist, Priyanka Chopra is quite inspiring - she is unstoppable, fierce, and she does everything!''' ,'''When it comes to dressing up, I am more like my character Meera from 'Girl In The City,' I like to experiment with my looks once in a while.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to be an actor but didn't know how to go about it. That's why my ambition, initially, was not to play a lead role in a Bollywood film.''' ,'''I've never wanted to play the lead role; I make the most of whatever opportunities come my way.''' ,'''You have to put in an effort in everything that you do, and you cannot just sit around expecting something to happen.''' ,'''I believe, as an actor, I want to tell stories.''' ,'''I love the fact that my hair has a life of its own.''' ,'''Like a lot of people, I also grew up watching Bollywood films.''' ,'''I am a complete director's actor.''' ,'''I just want to improve as an actor, and I am also fond of dancing and learning musical instruments.''' ,'''Theatre and cinema have been major influences in my life.''' ,'''I am very greedy as an actor. I want to explore as much as possible.''' ,'''I believe in comfortable yet stylish dressing.''' ,''''The Cup' song did give a huge push, and after that, a lot of Internet happened. In the meantime, I was auditioning for many things, and 'Karwan' happened.''' ,'''My job as an actor is to live the role that I do.''' ,'''I knew that I wanted to be an actor; I just did not know when and where. I was open to experimenting.''' ,'''My nana was strict and didn't express a lot, so naturally, I was scared of him. I would even get the usual 'strict-father' scolding if I didn't study or stick to my curfew.''' ,''''Girl in the City Chapter 2' will still continue to revolve around Meera Sehgal and her life, her friends, and her passion. The stark difference in 'Chapter 2' will be that all the characters have now grown up in the series - in terms of maturity if not so much age.''' ,'''I am always interested in good performance, always tried to improve my skill as an actor.''' ,'''Post my graduation, I really thought that acting was something I wanted to do. I simply took a chance and started auditioning, and I loved it.''' ,'''Acting on a digital platform is similar to the big screen.''' ,'''I was a science student in junior college, but I knew I wouldn't pursue a career in the field.''' ,'''My grandfather was wary of me being a part of the industry for various reasons, ranging from the fact that we didn't know anybody; it was an unconventional career choice, and because he felt that I needed somebody to guide me.''' ,'''Marathi is my mother tongue; there's a certain comfort level speaking in it.''' ,'''Whenever I am in front of the camera, my hair goes through a lot of harsh styling. But I ensure that my off-camera time is all about letting my hair down, taking it easy and, of course, letting my hair breathe!''' ,'''Even when I got ₹500 a month as pocket money, I would never spend all of it. It's the same now. I am just conscious of the fact that I wasn't born with a silver spoon.''' ,'''If there's one thing that precedes my sleep, it's my work.''' ,'''I love to experiment and take every opportunity as a challenge.''' ,'''With the amount of planned and unplanned travel I have, it is critical for me to treat my curls right on a daily basis.''' ,'''I speak for myself... I am here to tell stories. I'm here to be an actor and not a superstar. If, in the process, that ends up happening, great. But that's not my endgoal.''' ,'''I have grown up watching Marathi plays and craved to be a part of it.''' ,'''I think I am very disturbing on the set because I am singing all the time. I won't say I am a singer, but I do sing a lot.''' ,'''It was my dream to start my creative journey with a Marathi play, but sadly nothing materialised. So, I took up some good English plays that were offered to me.''' ,'''I love my work and the fact I am fortunate enough to have the opportunities available to explore.''' ,'''The cutest part is that both my grandparents have tried to adapt to my dream. When I sat them down and showed them a film that I did - with an intimate scene in it - I was surprised that their reaction wasn't dramatic. My grandmother even came to me to ask, 'How do you do it?'''' ,'''The audience is different for TV and web, but the latter offers everything for everyone.''' ,'''I did science at the junior college level but switched to a bachelor's in mass media at MMK College, Bandra.''' ,'''Yes, I do bring something of my own to the plate. But I strongly believe that a film is a director and writer's vision.''' ,'''I damp my hair, take 2-3 drops of serum, and apply it through the length of my hair - my hair becomes super smooth, letting me style it any way I want, and - it also gets the perfect, glossy finish.''' ,'''Interestingly, one summer I was visiting my sister in U.S.A., and I learned how to play the rhythm of 'The Cup' song, which is from the movie 'Pitch Perfect' where Anna Kendrick plays this song.''' ,'''I sing all the time, and my co-actors from theatre arena feel that my choice of songs and timing is bad - not that I pay heed, though.''' ,'''I do not see myself doing daily TV soaps!''' ,'''When you try something, it either works, or it does not.''' ,'''The Hindi film that I recommend is 'Ijaazat.' It is my most favourite film; it is a poetry in itself, and Gulzar Sahab is somebody I am a huge fan of.''' ,'''While I was doing the first season of 'Girl In The City,' a lot of people remembered me through my character name. None of them knew my real name, and my onscreen name, Meera, became my identity.''' ,'''If a person wants to make it big, they can, and they will! The place that they come from doesn't matter, whether small town or big.''' ,'''One routine that I swear by during monsoons is to religiously apply few drops of hair serum every time I wash my hair. It cuts through the frizz and makes hair quite smooth!''' ,'''My grandparents came from a typical Marathi family, where they respect the value of rules and regulations.''' ,'''It is immensely motivating to be given so much love and appreciation on IMDb, which is the biggest database for movies and celebrities in the world.''' ,'''Initially, it took me time to realise that I am sharing screen space with Irrfan Khan. But when I started working with him, a lot of times I would end up laughing in a scene.''' ,'''I want to concentrate on movies. Bollywood is my priority, but that doesn't mean I will stop working on series. I want to do both.''' ,'''I'm always eager to work with good people on good content.''' ,'''I don't really overthink my characters. The camera comes on, and I am on.''' ,'''I have never been to an acting school, and on the sets of 'Karwaan,' Irrfan was my acting school. By observing him, I learnt to improvise in the scenes along with focusing on the smallest of the details.''' ,'''I am consciously selective of the work that I do.''' ,'''I am a normal girl from a humble, middle class family.''' ,'''I spent the most impressionable years of my life with my grandparents, and they meant a lot to me, which is why I wanted them to come around with my decision of acting.''' ,'''Dulquer Salmaan is fantastic! He is effortless.''' ,'''It's exciting to know that you are loved so much. It is humbling.''' ,'''To work in your first film, in your debut as a lead, to work with the finest artists of the country - who doesn't want to do that?''' ,'''When I was young, my parents bought a house in Vasai, but because it was inconvenient for us all to travel, they sent my sister and I to live with our nana-nani at Dadar.''' ,'''It was intimidating to work with Irrfan Khan and Dulquer Salmaan, not because they made me feel intimidated, but more out of respect and awe; they are both extremely gifted artistes.''' ,'''In a way, I feel my curly hair has got me a lot of attention, and I don't mind it.''' ,'''The Internet space will only grow exponentially, and it will affect TV for sure. How much is something that only time will tell.''' ,'''For me, I wanted to be an actor without being bothered about the medium. So when the opportunity came my way, it did not really matter on which medium I am working.''' ,'''I have never done television, essentially, so the Internet has made me and opened avenues for me.''' ,'''Our grandparents' generation prefers to watch film on TV rather than going to the theatre because of the simple reason that they are really old. Watching a film for, say, two hours at a stretch is difficult for them.''' ,'''To protect my hair from breaking, I never comb my hair when it's wet.''' ,'''If there is something that I want to do, I will definitely try to do it and not just let it go.''' ,'''I just wanted to be an actor. I was hoping for opportunities to unveil, and I wanted to make the most of whatever came my way.''' ,'''My grandfather is my biggest fashion critic. He takes a keen interest in the millennial fashion, most of which he disapproves of, but he is a very practical fashion critic.''' ,'''I always knew that I wanted to be an actor. I made my debut on stage when I was 12, and I was sure that this is what made me happy. However, nobody takes a 12-year-old's career choice seriously. Everybody laughed it off. I also ran away from it, but acting eventually found me.''' ,'''At the end of the day, if you are not happy, no one can make you happy.''' ,'''I look at the Internet as an opportunity. I think you should do your stuff, and if you want to showcase it, it's a great platform. What people like and don't like is not in your control, so just have fun with it.''' ,]
+++