+++
author = "Josh Hopkins"
title = "Josh Hopkins Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Josh Hopkins Quotes"
keywords = "josh hopkins,josh hopkins quotes,josh hopkins quote,josh hopkins sayings,josh hopkins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think that the Information Age is great, but there's a downside to it obviously as well, and it's that false information can be perpetuated so quickly. And it's sad that so many people will believe it.''' ,'''If you really want to get in shape, you can't have those days where you feel weak.''' ,'''I'm bored. I'm not unprofessional. I'm just bored.''' ,'''I have been very lucky for most of my adult life to be working as an actor.''' ,'''I'm a huge Kentucky fan. So when there was a chance to do the John Wall dance, I went into character.''' ,'''I'm a genius. I'm like Prince.''' ,'''Guys are just too fast and too big in the NFL.''' ,'''The perfect rescue dog is out there for everybody. You just have to find it.''' ,'''I love acting, every job is a dream job when you're an actor. I'd like to do eventually more film work and to collaborate with the best actors and directors in film.''' ,'''Who didn't grow up through the '90s watching 'Friends?'''' ,'''To see your friend's dreams come true, there's really nothing that can make you happier.''' ,'''If you don't like basketball and you're from Kentucky, they'll kick you out!''' ,'''It's just cool to me that Bon Jovi knows my name!''' ,'''I probably have the worst wardrobe. It's the most ill-fitting with the worst patterns and colors and the most nipple rubbage. There's bad chafing, and it's always tight in all the wrong places. What's sad is that I'm kinda getting used to it.''' ,'''Yeah, pretending to ride a horse is actually a lot harder than riding a horse.''' ,'''I'll turn on the TV or look at a magazine, and it's like, 'Who is this person?' And you find out they are from '16 and Pregnant,' and I'm like, 'Really? They're celebrities now?' You read about them on the news having fights and breakups, and I think, 'Well, of course.'''' ,]
+++