+++
author = "Zhou Qunfei"
title = "Zhou Qunfei Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Zhou Qunfei Quotes"
keywords = "zhou qunfei,zhou qunfei quotes,zhou qunfei quote,zhou qunfei sayings,zhou qunfei saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I chose to be in business, and I don't regret it.''' ,'''I think it's important not to get carried away when you are successful - and not to let yourself feel gloomy when times are bad.''' ,'''I'm not qualified to be a high-profile person.''' ,'''I had a pursuit different from others because they all came from downtown areas with money, but I didn't have any. All I wanted is to change my destiny with my own efforts.''' ,'''My choice of this business, and that I relatively enjoy innovation and research, is greatly related to my father.''' ,'''Droplets of water would roll around the surface of a lotus leaf and not leave any trace.''' ,'''Twice I had to sell my house to pay my employees' salary.''' ,'''I didn't have capital and influence in this industry. So I bought yellow pages and knocked each door of the company located at industrial parks.''' ,'''A round or a square product was easily made, except for an oval one, at that time when watch industry mainly relied on hand-made or semi-automatic equipments. It is like the printing and coat film of the mobile phone, which is difficult to realize counterpoint.''' ,'''Inclusiveness is expanded by grievance. If I were a mistress, I would not need to fight for my career.''' ,'''I'm relatively patriotic.''' ,'''Maybe it was because my resignation letter was well written, and this attracted the attention of the factory supervisor. They kept me on and gave me a promotion to head up my own newly created department.''' ,'''In the village where I grew up, a lot of girls didn't have a choice of whether to go to middle school. They would get engaged or married and spend their entire life in that village.''' ,'''My father had lost his eyesight, so if we placed something somewhere, it had to be in the right spot, exactly, or something could go wrong. That's the attention to detail I demand at the workplace.''' ,'''During the period of China's rapid economic growth, there were plenty of opportunities for entrepreneurs, including women. It allowed me to develop my business.''' ,'''I worked from 8 A.M. to 12 A.M., and sometimes until 2 A.M. There were no shifts, just a few dozen people, and we all polished glass. I didn't enjoy it.''' ,'''If it wasn't for my primary school teacher reminding me to be observant, I may not have had the inspiration to think of my invention.''' ,]
+++