+++
author = "Gladys Knight"
title = "Gladys Knight Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Gladys Knight Quotes"
keywords = "gladys knight,gladys knight quotes,gladys knight quote,gladys knight sayings,gladys knight saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know how hard it is to send two kids to college when you ain't got nothing. I know people may not think of me in that way, but this business gives you ups and downs.''' ,'''I have a choir in my church, and we travel all over the world.''' ,'''I don't regret any decisions I've made in my life.''' ,'''When you pay your money to see me, I want you to have the best concert you can have from me.''' ,'''I always kind of thought I want to be a good person, I want to be right to my fellow men and love them like we're supposed to.''' ,'''Well, I never danced with the 'Pips' - they didn't let me dance!''' ,'''I had some great mentors as I was coming up and starting to sing so early - I've been singing since I was four.''' ,'''I have a faith that's unbendable as far as my Lord and Savior is concerned.''' ,'''I like collaborations, and I like working with people. I do.''' ,'''God is gracious enough to let us know, in due time while we're here and the fact that I'm still around and I'm still singing, it is really to his glory.''' ,'''I do know that on my mom's side, my uncle sang and had a gospel group. He also had a radio show he would do on Sundays with his quartet.''' ,'''I'm a people lover. I love interacting with different people as I meet them, and I think people are one of God's greatest creations, I really do. They're interesting and intriguing.''' ,'''I don't live in L.A. I live in Las Vegas.''' ,'''I have wonderful children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren.''' ,'''Most people who ask me what's my favorite song, expect that it's 'Midnight Train' or 'Neither One of Us.' But actually, it's always kinda been 'The Need to Be' because of what it says. I love the way that song was written, I love the melody, I love everything about it.''' ,'''Mary J. Blige has made the most improvement, to me, and the depth of the spirit and the soul in her music, the way she sings, gives her that 'it' factor.''' ,'''I had some great mentors as I was coming up and starting to sing so early - I've been singing since I was four. I had people telling me how to preserve myself.''' ,'''The Lord tells us where we are going and tells us when we are coming.''' ,'''Believe me when I say this: you can't please everyone in concert, even though I still want to. Someone always wants you to sing a song that isn't necessarily on your set list.''' ,'''Nobody has a perfect anything. We don't have perfect lives. We're not perfect beings.''' ,'''When I was on Arsenio Hall's show, he asked me about working with Kanye West or John Legend. I said I'd love to.''' ,'''I go to as many football games as I can.''' ,'''My mom and dad sang in the church choir. They also had a local group. They loved music, especially my dad.''' ,'''I have a thing about working with young people. I adore them.''' ,'''That's part of your life lesson to be afraid. The bigger question is how you deal with being afraid. Do you have to summon courage or something else to live with that fear without letting it take you over?''' ,'''Soul is just that inner spirit. I use that inner spirit for whatever it is I do.''' ,'''Love is what makes the world go around. I know it's a big cliche to use, but it is the absolute truth. There is nothing else like it. I know that is what everybody is striving to feel: in relationships, in brother- and sisterhood, and in all of the things that we aspire to have in our lives.''' ,'''I love giving. I love sharing.''' ,'''I'm comfortable singing jazz. The only thing I was concerned about is that everybody, even in jazz, has their own style. To me, the queen of doodling was Ella Fitzgerald, and scatting is something I never thought I could do.''' ,'''I got into gambling when I was playing a casino. I was a hermit in those days. I would go onstage, go to my room, or if we had to travel, I'd get in a car or a plane, whatever. But I didn't do anything. One day, this friend of mine said, 'Do you want to play some blackjack?'''' ,'''We should definitely be more careful about the things that we chose to do with our lives.''' ,'''I've spent all of my life trying to get people to feel a passion for what I do.''' ,'''With 'American Idol,' they're giving you a pass to get launched on, and it's up to you what you do with it.''' ,'''I know those challenges that come up from time to time in life are our little learning tools, our little steppingstones. If we didn't have those things in our life, how would we learn anything? We would just be walking around like nothing. We need those obstacles in our life because I know one thing - I'm a much better person for them.''' ,'''I have a wonderful family!''' ,'''Would you believe that Sammy Davis, Jr. taught me how to sing a ballad? 'You can be in an arena,' he said, 'and you should be able to hold their attention.'''' ,'''We all have a responsibility, and since I've been so wonderfully blessed, I really want to share and to make life at least a little better. So every chance I get to share the gospel or uplift people, I will take full advantage of that opportunity.''' ,'''I am a Barack Obama fan from head-to-toe - always have been. He's not perfect; nobody is going to be that way.''' ,'''I have a squash casserole that everybody, even my kids, love. I won't tell my kids how to make it.''' ,]
+++