+++
author = "Luke James"
title = "Luke James Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Luke James Quotes"
keywords = "luke james,luke james quotes,luke james quote,luke james sayings,luke james saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want people to know me for following my dreams.''' ,'''Marvin Gaye, I'm super influenced by him. D'Angelo, Donny Hathaway. All the old school cats. New people, I like M83. I like Coldplay. I love Frank Ocean. Miguel. I get inspired by all these cats. People don't know that me and Frank Ocean went to high school together.''' ,'''I love acting. It's way different from singing, but I like really put my ten thousand hours in to be really good. I want to be a premier actor. I want Oscars, I want recognition, and I want to move people just as much as I move people with my music, the same with my acting.''' ,'''New Orleans is gumbo. You get so man types of things... jazz, folk, Zydeco.''' ,'''The first album is the prelude to the full story of Luke James. It establishes me as an artist you can look forward to.''' ,'''As an only child, you've got to stand up for yourself.''' ,'''There are lots of reasons people come to Beyonce shows. There's the music, her dancing; all in all a bedazzling show. She's a great performer and singer.''' ,'''Bey is a big sister; she's a huge supporter. I mean, the whole Destiny's Child family - Kelly and Michelle - they've always been great supporters of mine in all my endeavors.''' ,'''New Orleans is just so full of culture in the music content - blues, folk. I was introduced to a lot of things. My mother didn't keep me away from other music. She only kept me away from rap. The closest I got to rap was D'Angelo.''' ,'''It's very tough to be away from someone you love or you're used to seeing all the time. But if you're truly in love, it will work. But it is difficult.''' ,'''I want people to be inspired by my music.''' ,'''My idea is not to be big. I just want to be really lean and shredded as I possibly can get - a lot of cardio, light weight, and a lot of my own weight to build up my endurance.''' ,'''My mother didn't baby me, and I think that helped me out thus far to keep my drive and my hunger. I don't take 'no' for an answer.''' ,'''I've grown from being around other singers. I've learned not to be afraid. A part of that is from writing my own songs and discovering how to tell my own story properly.''' ,'''I want to create music that moves me, not just music that is going to get me famous or make someone at a label happy.''' ,'''I'm always going forward, and there's no limits.''' ,'''What it is you do, no one else does. Just hone in on it, and just get better and greater.''' ,'''I like to think of myself as a true artist.''' ,'''Every time I perform or sing, I have an 'ah ha' moment. When I look at my blog and people reach out to me anonymously and speak of how I sing and how my music has touched them, it's an 'ah ha' moment. I'm constantly getting that, and I don't want that to ever stop, because it's reassuring me that I'm doing something right.''' ,'''I like to have a great vibe wherever I am creating. I like to have movies playing on mute - just eye candy - maybe a friend in the room, maybe a lovely young lady, someone you can use as a muse, who can give you inspiration by her essence.''' ,'''I always find time for my mother.''' ,'''In love, I've been a deceiver. But I realized being honest is so much easier than lying and being deceitful.''' ,''''Wait a Minute,' which I consider my expose, came from a place of someone asking me to make a decision: basically presenting me with an ultimatum and me just feeling the need to just lay it out on the table.''' ,'''I think love is important.''' ,'''It never dawned on me that I was sexy. I always thought of myself as the goofy kid.''' ,'''If you're truly serious about your physique and health, in totality, I think you need to pull out all stops. You need to really just hone in on that warrior within.''' ,'''I want to buy my mother a huge house in New Orleans so she can open up a bed and breakfast.''' ,'''I'd love to jump in a spaceship and shoot myself to the moon, where I'll paint the word 'Love.' So when people step outside before they go to bed and look up to see it, they'll just dream of love.''' ,'''I've always wanted to sing and to be an entertainer. After high school, I moved from New Orleans to Los Angeles and started songwriting. But I didn't really get serious until then.''' ,'''Mostly everything I've ever sung comes from a personal place.''' ,'''I wear my heart on my sleeve. I tell you exactly how I feel.''' ,'''If you really want change, no one else is going to make that for you. It's all mental at first. Once you overcome that mental part, your body can do anything.''' ,'''When somebody notices me in the slightest, I can feel the eyes - boom-boom - as soon as they pass.''' ,'''I'm from New Orleans, but I lived in L.A. for a very long time.''' ,'''I was always attracted to music that moved people. Whether it be gospel, R&B, folk, hip-hop, pop, alternative rock - whatever moved people, whatever made a crowd just get lost in the moment.''' ,'''When I first got turned on to 'Purple Rain,' I was just moved by Prince's charisma and his just being free. Everything meant something, from the scream to falling on the ground to taking his shirt off. It just all meant something.''' ,'''I love to be loved. Whether it is by a significant other or an acquaintance, I get it.''' ,''''Dancing in the Dark' is one track. Basically, the song is about connecting with someone mentally, and you're moved so much by the intellect that both of you want to make it physical.''' ,'''I love a very alluring woman. I love a strong woman. I love a woman that wanders, that just wants to explore.''' ,'''I like a person that's a little crazy and demanding, but I also like a woman that knows how to let me drive and then knows when to take the wheel. I may have a down day, and I need someone to be there for me as I would be there for them.''' ,'''I was raised on Marvin Gaye. Before I knew Babyface or anyone else, I knew Marvin Gaye. My mother played Marvin Gaye.''' ,'''I've always had a love for music, and it developed as I learned jazz, blues, and gospel. And I performed with jazz singers in New Orleans.''' ,'''From the way I sing to what I write about to what I put out with my stamp separates me from everyone else.''' ,'''Everyone has their own journey, and for me, going from singing background to writing songs has truly opened doors for me and has also helped me find myself as an artist in terms of what I want to say and the style of music I want to have.''' ,'''Before any girl was making me her Man Crush Monday, I was a singer. Back before I had muscles, when I had a bird chest, I was a singer. I've always been like this, and I've gotten better because I've progressed.''' ,'''I just appreciate all the facets of a woman.''' ,'''People sometimes call me Wolf.''' ,'''It is such an unimaginable honor to be sharing the light yet again with Beyonce on her sold out Mrs. Carter Show World Tour. This is a blessing that I do not take lightly.''' ,'''There's a plethora of genres that I've been introduced to, but that's only because of the foundation that was laid growing up in New Orleans. I know it's a cliche thing to say, but it's very gumbo-like. You get that here. You can mix well with all different walks of life. That's what New Orleans is. It's like no other place.''' ,'''What I learned from Beyonce is just the focus, the drive, and to stay creative and to always give, just keep giving. Throughout the years that she's been doing it, since Destiny's Child to now, she's been giving.''' ,'''I didn't get cool until I got to high school and people found out I could sing.''' ,'''When I think of the great artists that I admire, they always had something, whether it be their hair, rings, or whatever.''' ,'''There's only one Luke James, and I make damn sure that you know that.''' ,'''You have to stand on your beliefs.''' ,'''Musically, my palette is eclectic.''' ,'''Doubts may happen. But if you surround yourself with like-minded people who believe in you and who you believe in, and you have faith, all will be well.''' ,'''I can't ever doubt myself. Never.''' ,'''Being an only child, you just have a lot of time on your hands, figuring things out. Just doing music, man - music just came to me.''' ,'''I consider myself an honest soul.''' ,'''Just be true all the way through, and people can't do anything but respect you for it.''' ,'''I originally started playing saxophone. I started singing a little bit when I got into middle school, when I realized girls didn't really date the dude with the saxophone.''' ,'''I like to be funny and make a girl laugh.''' ,]
+++