+++
author = "Nicole Richie"
title = "Nicole Richie Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Nicole Richie Quotes"
keywords = "nicole richie,nicole richie quotes,nicole richie quote,nicole richie sayings,nicole richie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not insecure, but I'm not like, 'Hi, I'm confident.'''' ,'''I was the one that put myself in rehab. I was the one that went to my parents and said, you know, 'I have a problem and I need to take care of it.'''' ,'''I am extremely involved in the design process of both my brands, Winter Kate and House of Harlow 1960.''' ,'''I'm a Virgo and I'm really good at scheduling. And I really make it work. I get up 6.30 every day.''' ,''''Fashion Star' has been an incredible platform to show America the amount of work and discussion that goes into each garment you see in a store.''' ,'''When my dad divorced my mom it was kind of like him leaving me also.''' ,'''I absolutely love Oscar. So classic. So timeless.''' ,'''I do love to shop. But I'm a social shopper. I like to do it while hanging out with my friends. Some of them hate shopping because they treat it like something you have to plan, like a grocery list. But if I'm out and I pass a store, I just pop in.''' ,'''I think that British girls have a very eclectic and unique style.''' ,'''I know that it's a big struggle with a lot of women to dress up - especially now women have been working - because it can be uncomfortable. So it was important to me with my role to make clothes that are slightly more dressed up but easy to wear.''' ,'''I think that people's weight fluctuates. It happens. It happens to everybody.''' ,'''I also feel that I have been very honest with my friends, my family and also with the public about the mistakes that I've made and the challenges that I've gone through.''' ,'''I had lost relationships with my dad, my brother and sister and I was just like, you know what, this is definitely the time to just get it together and so that's what I did.''' ,'''I will be really happy once I have done my jail time. I can start fresh.''' ,'''Besides being responsible for myself, I'm now responsible for someone else. And I have to set the right examples. I have to really be someone that I would want my child to look up to.''' ,'''Clothing was something I always wanted to do. I've been pulling tear sheets from magazines since I was a little girl.''' ,'''I've just gone through so much in my life that pulling my top up just doesn't seem like that big a deal.''' ,'''I live my life and I do what I do, and sometimes you forget that people are watching you.''' ,'''I tend to dress a little more sophisticated than most women do.''' ,'''This year has been full of lessons learned and soul searching and realizing I'm an adult. It's time to take responsibility and not take the easy way out.''' ,'''I think I look okay.''' ,'''I have olive skin, so if I get pale, I look green. I have to tan.''' ,'''My job ranges from creating the initial overall theme of the season, to developing fabrics and sketching to sampling and fitting.''' ,'''I went to the University of Arizona. I stopped because I went there for two years and I felt like I experienced college or whatever. I'm over it. I like Hollywood better.''' ,'''I never want to disappoint my parents, ever. They are people that I always look up to.''' ,'''When we were in the design studio I always was pretending like I was in a closet asking my friend before I step out into the world what do I look like? And everybody wants that honest friend before they go and go to dinner or go to an event.''' ,'''I feel great, very healthy and alive and really happy that I can remember yesterday and I can remember the day before.''' ,'''It's been a pattern in my life - when I get in trouble, I try to get out of it, since I was little.''' ,'''I owe the baby my life. I owe this baby everything and I have a responsibility now.''' ,'''I want to be happy and stable. My life is clearly going to slow down.''' ,'''I've always stayed really close with my mother and my father.''' ,'''I was 21 and I got to film with my best friend.''' ,'''An eating disorder is serious and it's a disease, and I don't think you can lightly say that someone has a disease unless they're openly telling you that they do.''' ,'''As for style, there is something about the way musicians dress-they seem to be able to create their own world within their fashion alone.''' ,'''The Winter Kate-House of Harlow 1960 customer is a multi-tasker, therefore it's important that they are able to put together an outfit with ease and elegance. Pieces that are easy to mix within their own wardrobe. Easy dressing while maintaining a well put together look.''' ,'''I would say my biggest mentor has been my father because he always has been. Actually both of my parents have always been ones to encourage me to be myself and stay true to myself and not fall into what other people want me to do.''' ,'''Pack an outfit to change into on the plane.''' ,'''I think fame is harder when people have something to hide, but I'm very comfortable, and have nothing to hide.''' ,'''I have really great friends.''' ,'''I admire anyone with their own sense of personal style.''' ,'''Being a mentor is something that's new for me but a role that I take very seriously.''' ,'''It is important not to copy other people's careers but set the tone of who you want to be. My father's always encouraged me to do that.''' ,'''I have a responsibility, and it's something that I did wrong, and if I could personally apologize to every single person that has lost a loved one from drunk driving I would.''' ,'''I definitely wouldn't mind gaining a few more pounds at all.''' ,'''I think lingerie plays a big part in how you carry yourself.''' ,'''You know, I'm just - I'm really happy for my dad.''' ,'''I am naturally a thin person and I am 5'1" and putting on five or 10 pounds, that looks like a lot on me.''' ,'''I never want to possibly take another life in my hands.''' ,'''I believe that fashion is the ultimate form if self expression therefore it really depends on my mood.''' ,'''You can see it right away when a person is dressing outside of who she is.''' ,'''I mean I constantly had security guards around me when I was younger and I wasn't allowed to go to the mall with a lot of my friends and stuff like that. And so, when I finally was able to sneak out, I would just really, really take it to the next level.''' ,'''Anytime I am around a male body part it is kind of exiting.''' ,'''Music is a huge part of my life, I enjoy every genre of music from jazz to country, and I even get down with a bit of hip hop.''' ,'''But my everyday music is classic rock. It's what I relate to the most and where my heart is.''' ,'''I am proud that my collections have received such praise, and I am even more proud to share the stage with so many talented designers.''' ,'''You have to be comfortable in what you're wearing.''' ,]
+++