+++
author = "Fred Haise"
title = "Fred Haise Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Fred Haise Quotes"
keywords = "fred haise,fred haise quotes,fred haise quote,fred haise sayings,fred haise saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've had a good career, some good experiences.''' ,'''All at once the cockpit lit up with a sort of white glow because your entry was at 25,000 miles an hour and it was ionising some of the first particles of air you had. So it was kinda a little bit like being inside a weak neon bulb.''' ,'''I immediately loved flying from my first flight and knew that in some way it was going to be a part of my future career!''' ,'''My biggest emotion on Apollo 13 after the oxygen tank explosion was disappointment that we had lost the landing.''' ,'''It does make it very clear, you know, what can happen if you do have... the right people, the right skill mix, that are trained and they're assembled in this team and they work together under the right leadership. You know, what a miracle can happen. And that's what was the case of Apollo 13.''' ,'''Obviously I'd like NASA to follow their charter - the exploration of our solar system and beyond. I'd like to see people someday go to Mars.''' ,'''As a military pilot and a test pilot, handling unusual situations and aircraft malfunctions was part of the business.''' ,'''I think you jump into things without thinking ahead very much because I had never been in an airplane - even in a commercial airliner. I had never flown at all. I just wanted to be commissioned, to be a commissioned officer.''' ,'''I cycled on a crew assignment as the backup commander on Apollo 16 and would have flown Apollo 19 on a return mission to the moon. However, the last few missions of the Apollo Program were canceled for budgetary reasons. So I lost my second opportunity to land on the moon.''' ,]
+++