+++
author = "Hussein Chalayan"
title = "Hussein Chalayan Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Hussein Chalayan Quotes"
keywords = "hussein chalayan,hussein chalayan quotes,hussein chalayan quote,hussein chalayan sayings,hussein chalayan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was drawn to biology and history and, of course, art. And I loved languages. The biggest problem I had is that I wasn't taught about the connections between all these things. I think that would have given life a lot more meaning and it would be a lot more enjoyable.''' ,'''I wanted to be a pilot, but I was always drawing bodies. When I realised I wanted to pursue something creative, my parents pushed me towards architecture.''' ,'''I am an idealist, which can be tiring.''' ,'''I can be working on a collection and a film at the same time. It can take a lot out of me, but the processes come from the same source. From a brief I set myself I can make a film, I can make a collection, I can make an installation.''' ,'''I think of fashion as an art form as well as an industrial product - and something that has to be sold well and has to be of high quality.''' ,'''If I had to define my philosophy, it would be about exploration, a journey, a story-telling.''' ,'''London gives birth to amazing talent but is rubbish at helping maintain it.''' ,'''I was lucky I went to school in London because the tutors could see what to do. I knew I wanted to do something different. Why would I want to do what other people were already doing, because they would always do it better? I always wanted to work around the body. So throughout my college years, my work was quite free.''' ,'''Being a part of exhibitions is not a burden; it's another way for an independent label such as mine to reach a larger audience by exposing them to my whole body of work.''' ,]
+++