+++
author = "Victoria Osteen"
title = "Victoria Osteen Quotes"
quotes_len = "110"
description = "the best 110 Victoria Osteen Quotes"
keywords = "victoria osteen,victoria osteen quotes,victoria osteen quote,victoria osteen sayings,victoria osteen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You matter to God, and every detail of your life matters to Him.''' ,'''Know today that God approves of you. He's pleased with you. He may not always be pleased with your choices or some of the things you do, but when God looks at you, He sees His amazing creation.''' ,'''We know what we are supposed to do and we don't want to do it, so we do the exact opposite anyway. And, it never goes well for us when we do that.''' ,'''God has given us all wonderful unique gifts and talents to use to glorify and celebrate Him.''' ,'''Children are our future, and God loves the children.''' ,'''I have fabulous children.''' ,'''I think we could all do better sometimes of not overextending ourselves as much.''' ,'''When we obey God, we're not doing it for God... we're doing it for ourself. Because God takes pleasure when we're happy.''' ,'''Our life ripples out, and it has influence. That's why it's important that we're at our best and that we're influencing others for the good.''' ,'''The truth is we just have a normal life, because we do have a church where our children are growing up pastor's children. And we just try to keep it really normal.''' ,'''We have to take care of ourselves if we are going to take care of anyone else properly.''' ,'''Don't look for approval in what everyone else is doing; look for approval from Almighty God.''' ,'''In our family health, it's about having a balanced life, about laughing and staying on a positive note.''' ,'''When you use your faith, it gives you energy. It gives you the ability to be able to see beyond where you are right now and see into the future.''' ,'''When God created you, He went to great lengths to make you exactly the way He wanted you to be. You are His ultimate work of art.''' ,'''Even in the tough times, He's still a good God.''' ,'''If you will be the best that you can be right where you are, God will promote you and give you more.''' ,'''God values you simply because He created you. You are precious to Him, and your value will never change.''' ,'''I spend my money like I don't have anything.''' ,'''It's no secret that in our society, and many before, people are trend followers. For some reason, they feel better about themselves if they are dressed in the latest fashion or have the newest tech gadget.''' ,'''I just think that is so important to keep a strong support system, to keep yourself encouraged.''' ,'''I am unable to give my best if I don't have my best to give.''' ,'''I try to listen to my children. I try to change with my children.''' ,'''Remember, the choices we make today shape the people we become tomorrow.''' ,'''God doesn't want us to merely sit around dreaming about things we can do and be. That's a good place to start, but a poor place to stop. God wants us to turn our dreams into action.''' ,'''I just look at all the fruit and all the people's lives that are being changed and are being touched. And that's what we really focus on because we hear - every day we get mail, we visit with people, and their lives are being changed.''' ,'''I believe that God wants us to show respect.''' ,'''God's not complicated - He's really not. And He helps people in their everyday life so that they can get better in relationships, in their job situations, in getting through grief.''' ,'''Sometimes God presents opportunities that look insignificant or rather ordinary. Perhaps you don't see how they fit into the big picture for your life. But if God is asking you to do something, He has a purpose for it.''' ,'''Well, you can't argue with somebody that won't argue back.''' ,'''It is my desire to break the destructive generational cycle of illiteracy in the home by focusing on the children. Reading to your child has so much value as a parent because it opens the lines of communication.''' ,'''As much as you may want to, you can't control what other people say or do; you can only control yourself.''' ,'''Well, I - you know, the scripture says that God works by faith. And you have to have faith. You have to have trust in God so that God can work.''' ,'''God's Word is alive and powerful! When you declare these words over your life, the truth of God's Word draws forth the seeds of love that God deposits into us when we invite Jesus to be our Lord and Savior.''' ,'''We try to keep a good line of communication open with our children. It's not always about trying to just teach them every moment, but it's about listening to them and trying to understand them and gain that sense of communication so when they need to talk to someone, they know that we're there.''' ,'''It's amazing what you'll discover if you start exploring what God has placed within you.''' ,'''We eat pretty healthy foods, and I've taught my kids since they were little about knocking out trans fats.''' ,'''As women, we're nurturers by nature. We want to make sure everyone is happy. That's a good thing, but we also have to put ourselves on that happiness list.''' ,'''I love David's attitude in the Bible. He wasn't afraid to go against the trends. He wasn't going to be defined by the opinions of others.''' ,'''God's not thinking about your mistakes, failures or shortcomings. No, His thoughts toward you are good.''' ,'''Oftentimes, people stay where they are in life simply because of fear. But do you know that fear isn't reality? It's only a thought in your mind.''' ,'''I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time.''' ,'''When we tend to the areas of life that are important to us, when we make those things a priority, that's when we will flourish in those areas.''' ,'''If you just can't seem to get ahead, you might need to check your priorities. If you've had difficulties setting your priorities, ask God to help you.''' ,'''Remember, if you want to love your life and live it to the fullest, don't let the sun go down on your anger. If you don't have a solution to the issue, agree to disagree and focus on the importance of the relationship.''' ,'''A lot of things we're supposed to do are hard to do, but we can do them. They're always beneficial. Really, some things that are hard are beneficial.''' ,'''I bake a chocolate cake from scratch every week.''' ,'''We only have a certain amount of energy for each day. If we use it for the wrong purpose, if we focus on the negative or dwell on whoever hurt us, then we're not going to have the energy we need for the right purposes.''' ,'''You know what, my faith is like this - when I die, I'm going to live with God forever and ever. But I believe He wants us to have a good life here on Earth.''' ,'''I think that when you don't look at the good things around you, that you lose sight of all those good things. And you're not going to enjoy your life.''' ,'''If we focus on loving others the way God does, scripture says that we will be fulfilling His whole law.''' ,'''There are a lot of times that we feel like our hands are tied - 'I have no control over if I'm going to lose my job.' 'I have no control over if I'm going to be able to pay my bills.' You've got to realize that that's where your trust comes in. You have to trust God, and keep your hope, because your hope is what produces your faith.''' ,'''You have to make time and tend to things that are important in your life so you can live the life of blessing God has promised you!''' ,'''Just because you have a disagreement with your friends or family members does not mean there are not plenty of other areas on which you see eye to eye. It just means you have a difference of opinion.''' ,'''When things don't go our way, we get to choose how we will respond. We get to choose our perspective. Will you focus on what you didn't get, or what you did get?''' ,'''I know when I get down and discouraged, it's hard for me to be able to just see anything except for right where I am.''' ,'''I don't question God.''' ,'''I believe God put that desire inside of all of us so that we can evaluate ourselves in the light of His Word in order to become all that He created us to be.''' ,'''At the end of day, what matters most to God, what moves His heart, isn't our fancy words and impressive possessions - it's the condition of our hearts.''' ,'''I think money helps us. It helps us. It's our - it's our exchange system. But it does not buy you happiness. It doesn't buy you health.''' ,'''It's hard to argue with someone that won't argue with you.''' ,'''You may not be like everyone else, but that's okay. Be who God made you to be.''' ,'''I read to my children, and now they love to read. I encourage parents to carve out just 20 minutes a day. It helps you learn more about them, and really opens the door for you to speak into their life!''' ,'''Don't fall into the trap of putting yourself last on the list or not even putting yourself on the list. That's not balance; it's not even healthy.''' ,'''I think when you have an optimistic attitude, and you believe that God is guiding you, that you will find the good things in your life and that you will lead to good relationships and good people in your life. And you can make the most of what he's given you.''' ,'''You may have made some mistakes, but just like a parent helps their child when they are learning to walk, God will help you get right back up anytime you fall.''' ,'''With His love, you can wake up every day with an attitude of faith and expectancy.''' ,'''We want to encourage people. We want to help them. We want them to see all the good things God has placed in them and give them a right future.''' ,'''Well, you know, I just - I believe marriage should between a man and a woman.''' ,'''We talk a lot about hope, helping, and teamwork. Our whole message is that we are more powerful together.''' ,'''I'd love my children no matter what.''' ,'''We have to be careful not to look for confidence in the acceptance of others because true confidence only comes from knowing God.''' ,'''A lot of times we see choices in front of us, and we limit ourselves by what we see. God wants us to see His way of doing things. And His way is always greater than our ways.''' ,'''We should celebrate Christmas throughout the year, but I believe the whole concept of giving was the basis of Christmas, that it was a charitable, you know, giving, and I think we got carried away with giving.''' ,'''If you're not careful, you can fall into a destructive cycle of self-pity.''' ,'''The thing is, God has already seen every twist and turn of your life. He already knows what's in your heart. He already knows the decisions you've made. He's just waiting for you to call on Him and be honest with Him like Jonah was.''' ,'''When we step out in faith and use the talents He's given us, we show that we trust God, that we believe He will bless our actions and cause us to succeed.''' ,'''If you're not a parent, if you're an aunt or uncle or neighbor, books are an amazing gift.''' ,'''Children touch all of our lives. We all have the opportunity to sow seeds into the next generation, and there's nothing more important that we can leave on this earth than a legacy of faith, hope, and confidence in our God.''' ,'''Let me encourage you to get up every day and focus on what you do have in life. Be thankful for the blessings of the little things, even when you don't get what you expect.''' ,'''Imagine Him smiling down on you right now. Embrace His love. Remember, you are His most prized possession, the apple of His eye!''' ,'''The challenges are gonna go, and your children are gonna grow, so try to enjoy this moment, and try to look at what's good, and be grateful for what you have because you will see better days.''' ,'''Bitterness and unforgiveness block the flow of God's blessing in your life and actually hinder your prayers.''' ,'''Choose to be kind. Choose to forgive. Let your love grow and shine so that people may look at the example of your life and glorify God in Heaven.''' ,'''Our relationships are precious, valuable treasures from heaven, and we should handle them carefully, always looking for ways to build bridges to each other's hearts.''' ,'''Life doesn't always give us what we are expecting.''' ,'''Reality TV is to popular because it allows so many people to sit on the sidelines and just watch somebody else's life. God is saying, 'Don't sit on the sidelines of life. I have put so much in you, but you have got to be strong and very courageous. You have got to step out in faith.'''' ,'''Choosing forgiveness opens the door of your heart and makes way for a miracle in your life.''' ,'''You need to love your life; you have to appreciate yourself.''' ,'''You have seeds of greatness in you! I believe our lives as Christians should be the most exciting because we have the favor and blessings of God on our side!''' ,'''I've learned in my life that things change. Seasons changes, times change. We take different jobs. Our children grow. So, we have to study the people in our lives and adapt to them, because when we do that, we get more out of our relationships.''' ,'''Books are such a great way to spend time with your children, open lines of communication with your children, and just build that strong foundation.''' ,'''As you keep your mind and heart focused in the right direction, approaching each day with faith and gratitude, I believe you will be empowered to live life to the fullest and enjoy the abundant life He has promised you!''' ,'''I want to remind you today that the greatest Artist of all time created you. He dreamed about you long before you were born, before a single brushstroke of your life took place.''' ,'''Do good 'cause God wants you to be happy. When you come to church, when you worship Him, you're not doing it for God, really. You're doing it for yourself because that's what makes God happy.''' ,'''When you receive God's love and encouragement, it will empower you to do more than you ever thought possible.''' ,'''There will be times when we do not agree on every decision or subject, but we should always believe in one another, support one another, and move forward through life together - connected.''' ,'''We are God's creation, and we have a responsibility to keep ourselves at our best.''' ,'''It's important to recognize that forgiveness is more than mere words; it's a heart attitude that induces a spiritual transformation.''' ,'''At one time or another, we have all faced the temptation to disconnect by giving someone the silent treatment. After being married to Joel for more than twenty-one years, I have learned that is not the best way to handle a disagreement.''' ,'''In fact, we have a choice of freedom of heart to follow God.''' ,'''One thing is certain: our families are important. Don't get so stressed out and so preoccupied that we neglect one of the greatest things that God has given us, and that's our families.''' ,'''Everybody can make a choice to be more positive. It's about who you hang around and what you choose to watch on TV. What environment you put yourself in. It's easy to get a negative internal dialogue. You have to be aware of what's playing in your mind.''' ,'''In some families, parents don't read or don't have the money to spend on books.''' ,'''If you focus on the actions of others and allow them to constantly upset you, then you are handing your peace over to them and giving away your power.''' ,'''Let me encourage you, if someone has wronged you, and you still get that cringing feeling on the inside when you see or think about that person, take it to God and allow Him to keep your heart soft and sensitive.''' ,'''Relationships are people's No. 1 priorities. They want to have good relationships, and a lot of times they don't.''' ,'''You hold the keys of change within you. You be the change you want to see.''' ,'''You are God's own masterpiece! That means you are not ordinary or average; you are a one-of-a-kind original.''' ,'''One of the most important things you can do in your life is to learn to pull back the curtain of fear so you can see it for what it really is - the enemy blowing a lot of smoke and pushing your buttons.''' ,]
+++