+++
author = "Mykayla Skinner"
title = "Mykayla Skinner Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Mykayla Skinner Quotes"
keywords = "mykayla skinner,mykayla skinner quotes,mykayla skinner quote,mykayla skinner sayings,mykayla skinner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The Olympics should be something so special, but I feel like it was definitely miserable at times.''' ,'''A lot of people don't get to see the behind-the-scenes of what we go through and what it's like. We aren't perfect people. Everyone on social media is like, 'They're so perfect, they have their life together, gymnastics looks so easy.' We work our butts off to get to where we are.''' ,'''I think it's so cool to show that age is just a number, and that anything is possible if you work hard and dream for it.''' ,'''I just want to make my dreams come true.''' ,'''I've accomplished so much. I'm just really proud of myself for even being able to do what I have.''' ,'''I did three tumbling passes in college.''' ,'''I'm doing fine with college.''' ,'''While I love college gymnastics, I'd like to try and compete for my country.''' ,'''I feel like anytime I have a vacation, I'm stressed, or 'I got to go back in the gym,' like I'm going to miss so much time that I need to be working on improving.''' ,'''It might look like it's easy, but no one really knows how hard it is. Especially when you go from a college bars routine that has four skills to elite with 10-12 or maybe even more. It's a big jump.''' ,'''I'm 24, which I know doesn't sound very old. But in the world of gymnastics it is. The Tokyo Games are my last shot to compete as a gymnast for Team USA, and my last shot at winning a gold medal.''' ,'''I've only been to Disneyland once, when I was 8.''' ,'''I miss out on tons of stuff.''' ,'''I'm doing extra stretching and more leaps and turns. Working on toe points. I'm working hard on it.''' ,'''I survived, but I wanted to give up so many times.''' ,'''Being an alternate is probably the hardest thing I've ever had to do in gymnastics.''' ,'''For me, I'm just really excited to have a life.''' ,'''I finally get to be an Olympian.''' ,'''I knew I would try for the Tokyo Olympics back in 2016. I was sitting in the stands as an alternate at the Rio Olympics, watching my teammates compete and thinking to myself, 'That could have been me.'''' ,'''It is hard when you fall. I know that feeling. That disappointment sucks. You've just got to get up and keep moving.''' ,'''I know a lot of people say why rush to get married. But he's definitely the one and definitely a keeper.''' ,'''The whole time I was in Rio, I probably cried every single night.''' ,'''I can't control who makes the team or not. I'm just happy to be an alternate.''' ,'''I am doing communications in journalism to do sports broadcasting. I'd love to go into that kind of stuff.''' ,'''That's really what gymnastics should be. It should always be a beautiful and inspiring thing to so many people.''' ,'''In the end, there's more than just gymnastics.''' ,'''I couldn't even think about elite gymnastics for a while. It was definitely good for me to try something different.''' ,'''I'm just going to go out there and do me and worry about myself because that's all that matters.''' ,'''I'm usually high energy and super crazy.''' ,'''You never know what anyone's going through, and you always want to be there and be that teammate to support them.''' ,'''It's pretty awesome to work this hard and come from Arizona.''' ,'''I'm enjoying gymnastics. Having people there to cheer you on is an amazing feeling and such a cool opportunity.''' ,'''I have to be grateful I am in the gym. I'm just trying to plug away as much as I can before it might come to a point where I can't be in the gym at all.''' ,'''I've been working hard on my form.''' ,'''Everyone says, 'Oh, it's hard because she's older.' But at the same time, I feel like I know how to make corrections faster, and I know what to fix.''' ,'''Nobody's perfect. I feel like I can handle the pressure pretty well, even though sometimes I feel like I'm psyching myself out a little bit.''' ,'''After Rio, I joined the gymnastics team at the University of Utah. It was a hard transition, because I've always competed in elite gymnastics, where we throw big skills. In college, you don't get any points for difficulty, but once I got the hang of it, it was a piece of cake.''' ,'''It's always hard being an alternate. Knowing you might not be put in, but you have to work just as hard. It's stressful.''' ,'''The Olympics are a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I've worked so hard to get this far.''' ,'''Going to college, I definitely got that experience of having to be there for your team and you definitely learn that that is really important.''' ,'''Worlds helped me me boost my confidence up a lot actually. It made me a bigger, better, stronger gymnast.''' ,'''It's just so weird coming into the gym and not feeling like, you know, 'I'm going to die.' Before it was like, 'I've got to hit that routine or I'm going to get yelled at.' So it's just been really nice to kind of relax a little bit and be able to really focus on gymnastics and get to enjoy it more.''' ,'''I got to be calm, but I mean, it's the Olympics. Anybody wants to go out and do their best, so it's definitely a different kind of pressure.''' ,'''This is what I'm supposed to do. This is what I'm meant to do, is elite gymnastics.''' ,'''College really helped me mature, and it's been so much better.''' ,'''I wasn't even expecting to make the Worlds team.''' ,'''I'm just so honored that I never gave up and have kept pushing for my dreams to get here.''' ,'''There's a lot of pressure being an Olympic athlete.''' ,'''If anyone asks me, 'Should you do college gymnastics?' I'd say do it. I'm glad I decided to take this route.''' ,'''A year does go by kind of fast.''' ,'''I see the opportunity to pursue an Olympic berth as a chance of a lifetime.''' ,'''It was hard being an alternate for the third time. But for me, it was OK because I made the World team and looking back five months ago, I didn't think I'd have that opportunity.''' ,'''Being married has been the best thing ever.''' ,'''I know what I want, my dreams and goals.''' ,]
+++