+++
author = "Bryce Courtenay"
title = "Bryce Courtenay Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Bryce Courtenay Quotes"
keywords = "bryce courtenay,bryce courtenay quotes,bryce courtenay quote,bryce courtenay sayings,bryce courtenay saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I were king of the world there wouldn't be boat people, there would only be people coming in boats. I would mix us all up so that we were all exactly one shade of each other.''' ,'''My job is essentially that of an entertainer, no different to that of a musician, no different to that of an actor. I just happen to be an author.''' ,'''I watch people get older and lose their intellectual acuity; you lose that sharpness, that cleanness, that brain that you worked so hard on and that you were gifted with and lose the gifts that were given.''' ,'''The only thing I can say that is wonderful about my mother is she forced me to learn three verses of the Bible every day of my life, and I've read the Bible now five times and it taught me the English language.''' ,'''I tell myself lies and soon I believe them.''' ,'''Advertising was only meant to be a very small part of my life. I had intended that I would work extensively in journalism for about five or six years and then I'd become a writer.''' ,'''I'm going to die with my mind intact. And to me that is the most exciting way you could possibly die.''' ,'''I am essentially an entertainer and a storyteller.''' ,'''I was born illegitimately and almost immediately, as I understand it, placed in an orphanage. So my very earliest memories were in an orphanage. It was the tag end of the Great Depression when I was born. People were desperately poor.''' ,'''I guess my use-by date is just about up but if I could come back as a storyteller now, I would be jumping over the moon because wow, just think what's available.''' ,'''The only thing that's authentic about what a writer writes is his work.''' ,'''What's the point in being an unpopular writer? It just doesn't make a lot of sense. For me it doesn't, anyway.''' ,'''My job, and that's my job, is to dress the naked truth. To make it interesting, to make it viable, to make it seem like something you understand and feel and love.''' ,'''Advertising seemed almost natural to me because it was a business where you had to inform, persuade and educate. And so from being a junior copywriter to being the creative director of one of the largest advertising agencies in the country took me 4.5 years, which is, well, a fairly spectacular rise.''' ,'''People say I don't write books, I make Christmas presents.''' ,]
+++