+++
author = "Miriam Makeba"
title = "Miriam Makeba Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Miriam Makeba Quotes"
keywords = "miriam makeba,miriam makeba quotes,miriam makeba quote,miriam makeba sayings,miriam makeba saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''But if you are going to wear blinders then you do not know the world.''' ,'''You are damned and praised, or encouraged or discouraged by those who listen to you, and those who come to applaud you. And to me, those people are very important.''' ,'''I believe I can sing anything.''' ,'''Everybody now admits that apartheid was wrong, and all I did was tell the people who wanted to know where I come from how we lived in South Africa. I just told the world the truth. And if my truth then becomes political, I can't do anything about that.''' ,'''I have to go and say farewell to all the countries that I have been to, if I can. I am 73 now, it is taxing on me.''' ,'''I look at an ant and I see myself: a native South African, endowed by nature with a strength much greater than my size so I might cope with the weight of a racism that crushes my spirit.''' ,'''Age is getting to know all the ways the world turns, so that if you cannot turn the world the way you want, you can at least get out of the way so you won't get run over.''' ,'''It is very much the theme of our President, President Thabo Mbeki, whose passion is for Africa to work together, and for Africans to get up and do things for us. We are trying as women to do things for ourselves.''' ,'''Girls are the future mothers of our society, and it is important that we focus on their well-being.''' ,'''It's a really unfair world because life is, where I am; all day long we listen to American music. So I don't see why the radios in the U.S. cannot even put aside one hour a day just to play music that is not American.''' ,'''And I believe that it becomes a troubled continent because there are those who must always cause confusion so that we do not keep these natural resources.''' ,'''I titled the album Reflections because I am reflecting on my music career.''' ,'''There are a lot of homes for boys, but very few for girls, that is why I chose to do for girls.''' ,'''Well there is a lot of work here for younger and older musicians now. Our Ministry of Culture has now really embarked on changing things for artists, and it is getting much better. We just have to organize ourselves as artists, and then things will be better.''' ,'''It was hard to be away from home, but I am glad that I am home now.''' ,'''And why is our music called world music? I think people are being polite. What they want to say is that it's third world music. Like they use to call us under developed countries, now it has changed to developing countries, it's much more polite.''' ,'''In the mind, in the heart, I was always home. I always imagined, really, going back home.''' ,'''For instance, we're always fighting amongst each other. Who gives us the arms? And then we become indebted to wherever we are buying them from - with what? The very resources we need to keep there.''' ,'''Which goes to show you, you can make all the laws you want, but you cannot change people's ways. If you must change them, you have to understand that it will take a long time.''' ,]
+++