+++
author = "Claudette Colvin"
title = "Claudette Colvin Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Claudette Colvin Quotes"
keywords = "claudette colvin,claudette colvin quotes,claudette colvin quote,claudette colvin sayings,claudette colvin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As long as white people put people of color, African Americans and Latinos, in the same dispensable bag, and look at our children of color as insignificant and treat women of color as not as deserving of protection as white women, we will never achieve true equality.''' ,'''Rosa Parks wasn't the first one to rebel against the segregated seats. I was the first one.''' ,'''For African-Americans, it's still going to be - some people say double hard - I'd say four times as hard. Be an opportunist. Take advantage of your resources, because the only way to win is with education, self-esteem, having value in yourself.''' ,'''I never swore when I was young.''' ,'''What do we have to do to make God love us?' I always grew up with that. I always used to go around thinking that. 'God loved the white people better. He must've. That's why he made them white.'''' ,'''I remember during Easter one year, I was to get a pair of black patent shoes but you could only get them from the white stores, so my mother drew the outline of my feet on a brown paper bag in order to get the closest size, because we weren't allowed to go in the store to try them on.''' ,'''When I told my mother I was pregnant, I thought she was going to have a heart attack.''' ,'''A lot has changed since I grew up, but there's still a long way to go. I don't think we can move forward with Donald Trump as the president. There's a disconnect there. We don't want to regress, we want progress.''' ,'''When you've been abused daily and you see people humiliated and harassed, you just get tired of it.''' ,'''Young people think Rosa Parks just sat down on a bus and ended segregation, but that wasn't the case at all.''' ,'''We learned about people like Sojourner Truth, Harriet Tubman, Booker T. Washington and Marian Anderson. Harriet Tubman was my favorite.''' ,'''I've always told my children that once they go out into the world, they must have two heads and two minds: one to keep grounded, the other to deal with corporate America.''' ,'''I became aware of how the world is and how the white establishment plays black people against each other.''' ,'''There was segregation everywhere. The churches, buses and schools were all segregated and you couldn't even go into the same restaurants.''' ,'''I wanted the young African-American girls also on the bus to know that they had a right to be there, because they had paid their fare just like the white passengers.''' ,'''I always tell young people to hold on to their dreams. And sometimes you have to stand up for what you think is right even if you have to stand alone.''' ,'''Back then, as a teenager, I kept thinking, why don't the adults around here just say something? Say it so they know we don't accept segregation? I knew then and I know now that, when it comes to justice, there's no easy way to get it. You can't sugarcoat it. You have to take a stand and say, 'This is not right.'''' ,'''I was ostracized by my community.''' ,'''Whenever people ask me: 'Why didn't you get up when the bus driver asked you?' I say it felt as though Harriet Tubman's hands were pushing me down on one shoulder and Sojourner Truth's hands were pushing me down on the other shoulder. I felt inspired by these women because my teacher taught us about them in so much detail.''' ,'''That was worse than stealing, you know, talking back to a white person.''' ,'''I lost most of my friends. Their parents had told them to stay away from me, because they said I was crazy, I was an extremist.''' ,'''I left the South in 1963 and was living in Morristown, New Jersey, when the March on Washington took place, so I watched it on television instead.''' ,'''Being dragged off that bus was worth it just to see Barack Obama become president, because so many others gave their lives and didn't get to see it, and I thank God for letting me see it.''' ,'''The light-skinned girls always thought they were better looking. So did the teachers, too. That meant most of the dark complexion ones didn't like themselves.''' ,'''We were churchgoing people.''' ,'''I was about four years old the first time I ever saw what happened when you acted up to whites.''' ,'''New York is a completely different culture to Montgomery, Alabama.''' ,'''I sleep when the sleep comes down on me.''' ,'''There were many African Americans - many, many stories similar to my story.''' ,'''When our founding fathers drafted the Constitution and Bill of Rights, black people weren't even considered human.''' ,'''The Montgomery Bus Boycott began in December 1955, and by 1956 NAACP leaders came to me and asked me to be part of a lawsuit they wanted to file on my behalf and that of three other women, to challenge segregation on public buses.''' ,'''I'd like my grandchildren to be able to see that their grandmother stood up for something, a long time ago.''' ,'''When I got to 10th grade at Booker T. Washington High, I had a teacher, Miss Geraldine Nesbitt. I think she came from New York. She helped me begin to question things.''' ,'''A lot of African American women wanted to emulate white women. But I said in my mind, rationally thinking, there is no way you are going to get your hair that straight, especially in the summer.''' ,'''I wanted to be an attorney. My mother would say I never stopped talking. I always had a lot of questions to ask, and I was never satisfied with the answer. A lot of things I wasn't satisfied by.''' ,]
+++