+++
author = "Tiya Sircar"
title = "Tiya Sircar Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Tiya Sircar Quotes"
keywords = "tiya sircar,tiya sircar quotes,tiya sircar quote,tiya sircar sayings,tiya sircar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's a universal desire to love and to be loved and, despite trying circumstances, to still fight for the good.''' ,'''I think you can become a 'Star Wars' fan at any point in time in your life.''' ,'''I am the child of Indian immigrants, both of whom have Ph.D.s and are college professors, and I'm an actor in Hollywood.''' ,'''I just didn't see any toys that looked like me when I was a kid.''' ,'''I think it's a star-making turn for Audrey Tautou. I can't imagine anyone else playing that role. Um, to me, is she Amelie, for better or for worse.''' ,'''The significance of playing a South Asian character that's a lead role in a network primetime television show is certainly not lost on me.''' ,'''I don't often get Indian girl roles because I'm 'not Indian enough.' Which is true - I'm from Texas.''' ,'''There are tons of female 'Star Wars' fans, and they're just as fanatic about it as the boys.''' ,'''I started dancing at age three and then got involved in musical theatre and acting around age seven. I think I've probably known since then that I want to be a professional actor.''' ,'''If there is something that you are passionate about, you don't have to wait to try and pursue that dream.''' ,'''If I didn't love acting, I would love to work at Google... if they'd have me. They have the coolest perks a workplace can have.''' ,'''Dave Filoni is a bit of a magician. Nothing is by accident.''' ,'''I'd say, in some ways, I'm very Bengali. I have a love of the arts - dance, music, visual arts - which I think is a very Bengali trait. I also love food, which I know is very Bengali!''' ,'''I've been told that I might make a good producer because I am very Type A, and I'm kind of a control freak, so I've been told that that might translate well into producing, so I would certainly be open to trying my hand at that.''' ,'''I have to say, when I watched 'Rogue One,' I got a little verklempt. I was like, 'Look at this motley crew of people, and the lead is a female, and the rest of the dudes are all kinds ethnicities and skin tones.'''' ,'''I'm not of the mind where, 'It doesn't matter what you care about; you've got to have a safe reliable job and do the 9 to 5.' I obviously don't subscribe to that. There's nothing wrong with that, though, if that's what you want to do.''' ,'''I've never been given an opportunity to direct, but man, I would love to try my hand at that.''' ,'''I am Indian-American, but I often play ethnically ambiguous roles.''' ,'''It's true what they say: that 'Star Wars' fans are the best.''' ,'''The best part of visiting Calcutta is definitely the food and seeing my relatives who I don't get to see often enough. The worst is the pollution and traffic.''' ,'''I like all kinds of food, but if I had to choose a favourite Indian cuisine, it would absolutely be Bengali! I love things like masoor dal with begun bhaja - or any type of bhaja, really - machher jhol, bhapa chingri. And how can you beat gorom, gorom rosogolla?''' ,'''I'm so proud of 'Star Wars' as it is and the fact that it's making a concerted effort to be more inclusive and be more representative. Because it's 'Star Wars.' It's intergalactic. The more people who look like everyone, the better.''' ,'''The special thing about 'Star Wars' is you can come to it and become a fan at any age. It's such an interesting franchise. I wasn't lucky enough to see it as a young kid, and I didn't have any older siblings that loved it and made me want to watch it, too.''' ,''''Star Wars' is so accessible that, at any point, you can sort of jump in and become immersed in it.''' ,'''It's rare, in my opinion, that we get to see someone who is in his late thirties, with a wife and children who he has to support, realizing that what he is doing is not fulfilling him in a way that he really wants. He knows what will and he goes after it.''' ,'''Just getting to be a part of the 'Star Wars' universe is not something most actors anticipate as part of their careers.''' ,'''Without imagination and without love, life can be pretty bleak. I think having both will get you through the most dire of situations.''' ,]
+++