+++
author = "Supriya Pathak"
title = "Supriya Pathak Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Supriya Pathak Quotes"
keywords = "supriya pathak,supriya pathak quotes,supriya pathak quote,supriya pathak sayings,supriya pathak saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Any creative professional lives on high emotions and while others might handle stress of life in a calmer manner, we are sensitive and vulnerable to issues.''' ,'''There is so much of stress in our day to day life and Hansa is stress buster. So yes! I miss playing Hansa and she will always be close to my heart.''' ,'''Things have definitely changed from my times, when there were just no strong roles written for women, I will not deny that.''' ,'''For older actresses, the story is still the same. They are either subservient wives taking care of their husbands - like that typical age-old character of a woman, who serves her husband a hot cup of tea as soon as he comes home; or they are mothers dependent on their sons.''' ,'''Working with good actors is a pleasure as acting is all about reacting.''' ,'''I thought 'Bobby Jasoos' was an extremely interesting film.''' ,'''My mother had always been a working woman and so she would drop me to my mama's house everyday for the whole day since it was close by.''' ,'''I said yes to a Gujarati film because I loved the script.''' ,'''Once I decide to play a character, I believe in giving my best.''' ,'''Earlier, I used to always ask people if they want me to answer as Supriya or Hansa. If they said Hansa, and asked me a question, I would say, I don't know. That's because Hansa doesn't know anything! For me, it was important to reach that state of thing in mind where I don't question anything.''' ,'''As an artiste, I have learnt a lot from Pankaj and still get amazed at his dedication to give nothing but the very best each and every time.''' ,'''Initially, I was worried about playing Hansa, because Hansa is someone who talks a lot but does nothing. But after I started playing the character, it was such a relief.''' ,'''I have been offered other roles on television but I don't think I'll be able to enact those crooked characters.''' ,'''In my free time, I read a lot, watch shows, listen to music, cook, write short stories and spend time with my grandchildren.''' ,'''In Scotland, where we were shooting in June and July the weather was so unpredictable. We would start the shoot on a bright, sunny day and within an hour it would turn cloudy and start raining heavily.''' ,'''I am a product of theatre and whatever I learned there helped me emote in front of the camera.''' ,'''I love growing old and if I get good work playing women of my age and talk about their issues and lives, I am happiest doing that.''' ,'''I think the only thing wrong about our profession is the frustration you go through, when you don't have work, when you are going up or down. All the time the stress is there.''' ,'''I would love to play Hansaa again if somebody offers me that role. In fact, I have been pleading with the producers of 'Khichdi' to bring that show back.''' ,'''I enjoy working very much, I am not choosy.''' ,'''The most charming thing about theatre is that you get an instant reaction from the audience.''' ,'''The work pressure in a daily is much. There is no time to etch out characters.''' ,'''And I love making people laugh.''' ,'''I didn't want Sanah to be an actress. I was very concerned.''' ,'''I wasn't ambitious though I loved acting.''' ,'''I really feel that Shahid and me, we share a relationship which is so much more than just a mother and son kind of relationship.''' ,'''When I was told that we are doing another series of 'Kichidi' my reaction was indeed as if the wish, of not only me but the audiences who loved watching the show, was fulfilled again.''' ,'''I must agree with the role. As actors, we influence people.''' ,'''Whenever I see a film or read a book, the only thing which keeps me alive is acting and the fact that I will be offered a good role and I would be able to perform it. That is all that life means to me.''' ,'''It is great that the industry is open to accepting character roles and moving away from the cliched Bollywood Hindi masala films.''' ,'''I feel Hansa is an evergreen character which has been a sheer pleasure to perform.''' ,'''I am itching to play every character.''' ,'''People tell me Especially while we are stressed out, we watch just one episode of 'Kichdi' and immediately feel de-stressed.'''' ,'''Sometimes, I do think about direction but I haven't much about it. I don't know if I want to put my foot in the other boat.''' ,'''Though my mother gave me the first break, I didn't want to become an actor. I wanted to dance.''' ,'''Films have become much more professional. It is now a secure place for people.''' ,'''I would love to be part of every film that's good.''' ,'''In all these years, I've witnessed how beautifully Hyderabad has grown.''' ,'''The shows being made nowadays are very similar, very regressive. We are talking about the type of '60s, '70s kind of films, and similar stories are being shown on TV today. Only rehashed and glossy. It does not interest me.''' ,'''It is a dream come true to be working with Mr. Bachchan again. I played his sister in 'Shahenshah,' but then I had many questions unanswered as an actress.''' ,'''Although the need or demand for a lead actor and actress will never fade in the Bollywood film industry, character roles have also become popular and more importantly they are very integral for the script.''' ,'''As an actor, I get into the mind space of many women and I don't have to take many births for that.''' ,'''Our films are now portraying the real woman of today, and thankfully, female characters are pretty close to reality. This is a welcome change, and I think it is a reflection of our society.''' ,'''Give me anything that is chewable, and I will chew on it.''' ,'''He is my son and very dear to me, and that's the only emotion I had for him from day one. I don't know any other way to live this relationship. I also have a lovely daughter-in-law, who is such a beautiful person and the best thing in the world is my granddaughter Misha. She is the most precious gift I have got from Shahid.''' ,'''I enjoy performing different roles. I never want to get stuck with one character.''' ,'''My sister is a very good actress and when we are working together, we become our characters. We are not sisters then.''' ,'''My parents were both very social and would have parties at home all the time.''' ,'''Being a grandmother is an out-of-the-world feeling.''' ,'''On TV, you get stuck with one character and people remember you for that. I'm not happy with that.''' ,'''I've mostly worked in Hindi and occasionally Gujarati, which is my mother tongue.''' ,'''When TV came, it was a very strong medium. It reached out to so many people and it could have made difference but we got into mundaneness of it.''' ,'''I would be ready for any kind of weather changes and carry different kinds of clothing in my car.''' ,'''In fact, I have seen four kinds of weather in a single day.''' ,'''I feel amused when women in Indian films are unfailingly shown screaming at their kith and kin who are involved in nefarious activities. Please, let's get real! How can a woman react so dramatically to something that has been happening under her nose ever since her marriage?''' ,'''I really am fond of my grandchildren.''' ,'''It becomes difficult to do weeklies as I need to be with my children.''' ,'''I want to be able to give ample time to my children and my home.''' ,'''Everyone is making the same kind of shows, about underworld and things like that. So I am hoping somebody breaks this trend, else we will again enter the same grind.''' ,'''I am very happy as a mother-in-law. I have a lovely daughter-in-law.''' ,'''Honestly, I don't understand this concept of daughter-in-law. For me, she is my daughter as well as her own mother's daughter.''' ,'''I know that I play a mother all the time, but different kinds of mother.''' ,'''I was quite old school and religious, keeping all my fasts and would prefer to spend my time in temples.''' ,'''I don't watch any shows but I have been following international series such as 'The Big Bang Theory,' 'Clue' and 'Modern Family.' I would love to be part of any of these if they are recreated in India.''' ,'''I gauge if I can create a different a woman. But sometimes, you feel the character isn't given enough space to perform.''' ,'''Cinema might have it's share of ups and downs, it can't go. It is a very major part of everybody's life. It is a process like going to cinema halls, watching films on the big screen.''' ,'''Hansa is very different from me as a person. But I fell in love with her because of her innocence.''' ,'''I feel that cinema, if made entertainingly with a certain meaning, reaches out to a lot more people. It makes them aware of issues or things that help people to understand what's around them.''' ,'''I can't give 20 days a month to a show.''' ,'''When I started, my mother was already an actress and I wasn't keen on being one.''' ,'''When TV came, it was a great medium and then daily soaps came in and ruined the quality of the work we were doing.''' ,'''What is more important today for the audience is to have different kinds of content. They like variety, they like different kinds of stories, different kinds of entertainment.''' ,'''I heard a lot of very good things about Sanjay Leela Bhansali from my mother when she worked with him in Devdas. I also love the films that he makes so I was very excited when I was offered 'Ram-Leela.'''' ,'''Earlier, I couldn't work a lot as my kids were growing up.''' ,'''I was keen to become a dancer and was studying for it. Somehow, it did not work out and I joined theatre. I do not regret it.''' ,'''I have always wanted to do Gujarati films but I wasn't offered any good films.''' ,'''You achieve only as much you are destined to.''' ,'''I didn't mind the extra weight as a change in myself but I feel I need to reduce it because of my age and before all the aches and pains kick in!''' ,'''I am not familiar with Telugu, Tamil or Malayalam and tend to feel they are foreign languages to me.''' ,'''All the work that I have done is the type I would want to watch. If I can't watch it myself how can I expect people to watch it?''' ,'''I got an opportunity to play all kinds of women - that has been the satisfying aspect of my career.''' ,'''My father Baldev Pathak was a Punjabi, and mother, Dina Pathak, a Kathiawadi Gujarati.''' ,'''I would love to do something that is negative.''' ,'''I really miss playing Hansa. I just love her.''' ,'''I don't like doing too many things at a time.''' ,'''TV is a medium that can be used to spread a positive message but people are spreading bogus ideas in people's minds.''' ,'''I was never interested in the quantity of films or the glamorous side of cinema.''' ,'''Every time I get a role of a mother, I try to find a different area, person or milieu where I can put the mother That's always exciting.''' ,'''I definitely hope and pray everyone has this kind of a married life - contented and happy.''' ,'''Being an actors' family, we generally didn't think about any other profession.''' ,'''Based on the role's requirement whether it needs genuine portrayal or going over the top, I understand the whole process and deliver the performance.''' ,'''I wanted to give the best to my kids. Thankfully, my husband has done tremendously well for us and I was never stressed to continue working at the cost of neglecting them.''' ,'''Even after being in the industry for so long, I still have a dream - a dream to work with my daughter Sanah.''' ,'''My daughter-in-law is like my daughter.''' ,'''Being in the profession of acting, we would like our work to be watched by people. That's the reason why we work and if it is not seen, it is upsetting.''' ,'''My daughter told me that she wants to become an actor even before she learnt to speak properly.''' ,'''My sabbatical from Bollywood was a conscious decision. I was never in the rat race.''' ,'''There was no pressure of working with names like Shashi Kapoor, Rekha, Amrish Puri and A.K. Hangal because I was familiar with all of them, courtesy my mother.''' ,'''In fact I watch Netflix these days for something light.''' ,'''I'm a very proud mother as Sanah has been getting lots of rave reviews. She has done good work and shown herself as a promising actress.''' ,]
+++