+++
author = "Matthew Moy"
title = "Matthew Moy Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Matthew Moy Quotes"
keywords = "matthew moy,matthew moy quotes,matthew moy quote,matthew moy sayings,matthew moy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I took Japanese in high school. I'm Chinese, though, and I just fell in love with the language and the culture.''' ,'''I'm here to make people laugh and help them forget their troubles, too! So I just try to bring heart and bring jokes!''' ,'''Every now and then, people will recognize me at restaurants or Universal Studios or something. I'll always take a picture with them if they want. I mean, that's what telling stories and acting for a living are for - for the people.''' ,'''I watch the weirdest things. I watch old episodes of 'Golden Girls' because my mom watches it, so I grew up watching that. Sometimes I watch reruns of 'Futurama,' which is a cartoon and not based in the real world at all.''' ,'''The comedy on '2 Broke Girls' always comes from a place of love - it's never mean. We're a comedy, and we often go right to the edge. It doesn't bother me. I've encountered this all my life. I've been made fun of all my life.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong with being proud of who you are. It's a wonderful thing.''' ,'''I cannot tell you how many times I have seen the original 'Steel Magnolias' with Dolly Parton and Sally Field and Julia Roberts.''' ,''''iCarly' was one of my first major jobs, actually. I went into that audition and completely failed at it. I completely bombed... I forgot my lines. When I forget my lines, I kind of get angry. They had me do it again; I remembered them, and I booked it.''' ,'''In my living room - it's probably going to be moved to my office soon because it freaks too many people out - I have a huge seven foot statue of 'Seven of Nine' of 'Star Trek Voyager.'''' ,'''On-camera stuff just hit. I decided to do it to supplement my voice-over career, but I ended up falling in love with it, and it actually hit a lot harder than my voice-over career.''' ,'''When I yell at my TV, it's usually watching... usually it happens during the election. There's when I'm watching CNN and MSNBC.''' ,'''I was going to be the next big voice-over thing, of course, in my mind. I didn't.''' ,]
+++