+++
author = "Trish Goff"
title = "Trish Goff Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Trish Goff Quotes"
keywords = "trish goff,trish goff quotes,trish goff quote,trish goff sayings,trish goff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The horrible thing is, as a model, it wasn't that unusual to be in a weird situation where a photographer or someone feels they have a right to your body.''' ,'''The bubble bowl! Yes, that made my career, and I should be grateful. I was stomping my feet when Garren was giving me that haircut. It's hard to say to a 17-year-old girl in 1993 that a bowl haircut was cool.''' ,'''Modeling will slow down no matter who you are.''' ,'''Modeling wasn't necessarily what I was into. It's something that you're genetically qualified to do.''' ,'''Having come from a working-class family in the rural South, the fashion industry opened my eyes to culture, arts, and the world.''' ,'''When I started modeling at 15, there were no provisions for on-set tutors, and so I dropped out of school. Although I was one of the lucky ones who went on to a successful career as a model, as a child I should never have been forced to make that choice - between modeling and education.''' ,'''When I started making money, I immediately began buying property and fixing it up. I was always searching for the next neighborhood. The first place I bought when I was 19. I found a huge loft on the Lower East Side, almost 3,500 square feet. I did it up, turned it over, and sold it.''' ,'''Being able to walk in a room with people you don't know and be comfortable - I'm very used to that.''' ,'''American 'Vogue' and the Versace campaign by Richard Avedon were huge for me. It put me on the map.''' ,'''When I started modeling, all I really wanted to get was a Shabby Chic couch.''' ,]
+++