+++
author = "Mickey Arthur"
title = "Mickey Arthur Quotes"
quotes_len = "82"
description = "the best 82 Mickey Arthur Quotes"
keywords = "mickey arthur,mickey arthur quotes,mickey arthur quote,mickey arthur sayings,mickey arthur saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Fitness is amplified in one-day cricket - fielding, running ones, twos, threes. Sometimes in an over you are running six twos. If you are not fit enough, you can't run those runs.''' ,'''I did my wholehearted effort to lift Pakistan cricket.''' ,'''Gone are the days of just containing through the middle, gone are the days of just soaking up pressure. You've got to be able to take wickets.''' ,'''I do bring an intimate knowledge of the South African team. I know the little idiosyncrasies of each of them.''' ,'''Unpredictable - that's a word that us as coaching staff hate.''' ,'''I was telling somebody the other day that I have had five semi-finals with South Africa and never got to a final. I got to one final with Pakistan and eventually got a medal!''' ,'''Cricket is 24/7 for me.''' ,'''At the end of the day, when you go on to Google everything is about the way you were sacked when you were in charge of Australia. It doesn't mention the good things I did with South Africa or the good things I did in my first year with Australia when I brought in a lot of young players and gave them opportunities and tried to build a team.''' ,'''The way you get wickets is, you've got to build pressure.''' ,'''I am changing the culture in this Pakistan environment and I am not interested in players doing just the bare minimum. I want players winning us games of cricket and pushing themselves to be the best they can be.''' ,'''Coming to Pakistan has been unbelievable. It is the best thing of my career.''' ,'''When you are getting to No. 1 you're always chasing a dream. And then when you're there your focus changes because the expectation to defend that title is massive.''' ,'''I've got a very soft spot for Mohammad Amir. As a person and as a cricketer, I admire him greatly.''' ,'''I have always said we are going to play well and we going to play badly. And I have not got issues when people criticise as long as we don't play well. That's part and parcel of the game. I love it and that's how it should be.''' ,'''I'll never forget Cricket Australia telling me I was too soft and I'd been too soft with the team... I kind of didn't know what they wanted.''' ,'''I enjoy seeing young players given the opportunity and then perform and go on to have fulfilling careers.''' ,'''I am a big fan of the five-bowler strategy.''' ,'''The backing I have received form the PCB is second to none. They have allowed me to do what I want to do for the best. I really think that we are on the right track. I am loving this Pakistan job.''' ,'''That's part and parcel of touring England. You have to be very street smart and on your game. If you're not, the media and the ECB will have a field day with you.''' ,'''One of the things you get caught up as a coach is thinking short-term.''' ,'''Having coached in South Africa, you don't really work with wrist-spinners - you work with serviceable finger-spinners.''' ,'''It was tough coaching Australia. They were so set in their ways because they have been the right ways - but the culture needed changing because the discipline was shoddy.''' ,'''Some players listen with one ear only.''' ,'''After my dismissal, I received nothing in writing from Cricket Australia, no contact, and no payment at all, not even of my basic leave pay, until I was forced to bring in lawyers to assist in the process.''' ,'''I love the time I spend in Lahore and learn more about the culture every day.''' ,'''If you can't field you can't play for Pakistan. It's as simple as that.''' ,'''A good coach will come in ra, ra, ra and rejig the whole set-up. That might work for a year or 18 months but isn't sustainable. A great coach has the ability to get the best out of his players without the ra, ra, ra stuff.''' ,'''I had a meeting with Umar Akmal and discussed exactly where I thought he was. We are looking at the skillset that he brings to the Pakistan team. Obviously, he is a very intelligent player but he knows that he has to conform. He knows that he has got to pass the fitness standards that are required of him.''' ,'''I'd always felt the Australian cricketers' behaviour had been appalling. Tampering the ball too constitutes poor behaviour.''' ,'''I love Pakistan so I will definitely use all my experience to inspire this team.''' ,'''I've never been a massive advocate of international Twenty20 cricket except a World Cup every two or three years, because that gets the best players together.''' ,'''I've always tried to grow people rather than cricketers.''' ,'''Sometimes I look at myself and think: have I been too hard in terms of pushing and challenging the players? But I only think about that for five minutes and then I say I am doing okay because they need to be pushed and challenged.''' ,'''When I took charge of Pakistan, I stopped and had a look from the outside before making any judgement calls. I got used to the culture because I think that is so important. For you to move a team forward as a coach, you have to understand the culture.''' ,'''You don't have to be a rocket scientist to work out that the South African bowling attack is exceptionally good.''' ,'''I'm going to give international cricket one more crack. The Pakistan job seems like a perfect fit.''' ,'''England's full of cricket tradition. I follow the game there hugely.''' ,'''Technically your best player should be batting at No. 3.''' ,'''Pakistan is a great team to be a part of and to see the emergence of young players is exciting.''' ,'''That unpredictability tag always sort of hangs around the Pakistan team, but that makes us very exciting as well.''' ,'''To be able to close off a run chase or finish off when you are setting a target is a real skill.''' ,'''I was always really worried about the conditions in India, especially with a group of young players. You can sit and you can tell players what it's like to play there, but until you've experienced it, you don't comprehend it.''' ,'''I get disappointed when players arrive and are not at peak condition. Ultimately that is the reflection of the set-up I run. Ultimately that is the reflection of me and my support staff.''' ,'''I have never seen or heard anything to do with match-fixing in my time.''' ,'''When I lost the job with Cricket Australia, I almost felt I had unfinished business to do. I felt that my reputation with South Africa and internationally had been very good. And then you lose your coaching job, it is tough. It kept me three years out of it.''' ,'''I think Pakistan was always a destination where it was hard to come and win. I was the coach of the South African team which came here in 2007. We won the Test and one-day series and that was a massive win and achievement because not many sides had come and won in Pakistan.''' ,'''Team is all about vision, goal and ambition... It's about wanting to be the best you can be as a group.''' ,'''We are trying to create a culture of excellence. To create that culture has been tough. It hasn't been there in Pakistan cricket for a while - whether that is cultural or a product of the environment, I am not sure.''' ,'''I love coaching internationally because I can develop people, but it's hard to do that in the T20 environment.''' ,'''When you win, that's what you're expected to do and when you lose, people get on your back.''' ,'''It's no easy task to coach the national team. I never realised to what extent one becomes the property of the people.''' ,'''I was not sceptical coming to Pakistan. I took the job because I was really excited about it.''' ,'''Good teams are built on good values.''' ,'''When you are coaching an international team, you are running a programme for 12 months of the year. You get to influence peoples' careers.''' ,'''I have high expectations from Babar Azam and Imam-ul Haq.''' ,'''You ask the guys in the dressing room, I am a very bad loser.''' ,'''For Pakistan cricket to stay relevant and strong, the best players have to be available all the time - it's a challenge faced by everyone, but one that particularly relates to us because of our mainly amateur, pretty random, and certainly too thinly spread domestic structure that feeds the national team.''' ,'''I never wanted to launch legal action, but Cricket Australia simply left me no option. James Sutherland himself said that, to an extent, I had been made 'a scapegoat.' I find that a totally unfair basis to end my career. The damage to my reputation and career has been immense, which means the chances of me getting a senior job are that much less.''' ,'''It is important to challenge your major players. You need to keep them on their toes but there are ways of doing that. Sometimes you have to be a shoulder to cry on. You can't be constantly at them.''' ,'''I am so passionate about Pakistan cricket that I would never ever put myself in a position where there will be a conflict of interest.''' ,'''Make no mistake, I'm a huge admirer of Faheem Ashraf, and I said so in England.''' ,'''What you know is what you know, both culturally and practically, and you use it to the greatest effect you can.''' ,'''Every time we play for Pakistan, we are playing to win.''' ,'''I have never tried to hide my ambition to work in county cricket one day.''' ,'''I have to say that I have developed a real passion for Pakistan cricket.''' ,'''Australia always play their cricket really hard.''' ,'''There is a distinction between total control and enjoying total freedom.''' ,'''I've had a great time coaching teams in these various T20 tournaments but that involvement obviously only lasts for a finite period. I just felt I was too young to be doing what I was doing.''' ,'''There's pressure on each and every game.''' ,'''Coaching England is a huge job, and no ambitious coach would rule himself out completely.''' ,'''I don't think you've ever coached till you've coached an Asian team.''' ,'''What I saw is Australia is very much an 'old boys' club. A lot of the ex-players carry a huge amount of weight and what they say, a lot goes, and that was the disappointing thing.''' ,'''As head coach, I try to give clear role clarity, instil structure and create an environment in which players can excel.''' ,'''I am not going to tolerate players turning up unfit. They are professional athletes representing a country.''' ,'''It's runs for batsmen which is the criteria for selection and similarly, it is wickets for bowlers which are important.''' ,'''Fielding is about attitude and wanting to get out there and get it done.''' ,'''When you get into Indian top-order, you can wreak havoc. It's paramount to rattle the Indian top-order, otherwise, they can hurt you.''' ,'''PCB (Pakistan Cricket Board) is doing an unbelievable job in trying to resurrect international cricket. I just hope the World XI tour goes ahead and that will almost be the curtain raiser to, hopefully, get some international cricket back.''' ,'''Captains need to lead well and play within the laws of the game. There cannot be any compromise on that count.''' ,'''People think that South Africa and Australia are culturally similar but, having worked in both environments, I found that theory to be untrue.''' ,'''It happens so quick. You lose a game; you lose another game; it's a World Cup; media scrutiny; public expectation, and then you almost go into sort of survival mode. We've all been there.''' ,'''I like to think that every player who gets left out comes back with point to prove.''' ,]
+++