+++
author = "Philip Winchester"
title = "Philip Winchester Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Philip Winchester Quotes"
keywords = "philip winchester,philip winchester quotes,philip winchester quote,philip winchester sayings,philip winchester saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I really enjoy doing the action stuff, but you have to be careful about who you say yes to with the action stuff 'cause some people want to do it but don't know how, and then it just becomes incredibly frustrating.''' ,'''I think finales are always so hit or miss because they're so personal. When you do a finale, it's always up to the person watching it.''' ,'''We're really trying to make movies for TV. Producers and writers are taking risks that they weren't in the past.''' ,'''I think the first thing I did when I was a kid was a Maxwell House Coffee commercial with George Strait. And I did a Wrangler Jeans commercial, and then 'The Patriot' came to town.''' ,'''I'm doing like a No. 2 or a No. 1 on my head now because I just love how easy it is. I just shave my head and go out.''' ,'''In drama school, I learned I wasn't as good as I thought I was. But I loved stage combat, and I knew that would pay the bills.''' ,'''I don't think that swearing or gratuitous violence or sex make a show better. I just think there are natural rhythms to a human being in these situations, and what happens in these situations that cable allows is a natural reaction.''' ,'''I'm a watch guy - to me, they symbolize hard work and determination.''' ,'''My British mum met my American dad when she was on holiday in the United States when she was 19. She kinda never looked back. I was born in the United States, raised in Montana and London.''' ,'''There's such a good vibe in Minneapolis. You've got an upscale downtown, and yet people aren't afraid to sit around the fire pit in the middle of winter and drink a beer. It's amazing.''' ,'''Television is fickle, and it's fleeting.''' ,]
+++