+++
author = "Ashlee Simpson"
title = "Ashlee Simpson Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Ashlee Simpson Quotes"
keywords = "ashlee simpson,ashlee simpson quotes,ashlee simpson quote,ashlee simpson sayings,ashlee simpson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Being a mom's so empowering and incredible. I'm one of those people who believes that life brings things to you at a certain time for a certain reason, and if you just go with it, that's where the best moments come from.''' ,'''I have those songs as well. It depends on what I'm going through in my life but I'm a huge fan of Bjork. Sometimes I get so emotional because she's so amazing.''' ,'''I like to do chill things on dates. I think it would be fun to go to the zoo. I know it's really weird and random, but I love animals. It'd be like a day of doing silly things, while enjoying nature.''' ,'''I've never looked at myself and thought, 'Oh yeah, I'm sexy'. I've felt sexy and confident, but I don't look at myself that way.''' ,'''I don't really mind what people say about my love life or anything like that, but the one thing is that, yes, I do sing and write all my own music. That is something that I hold really dear. And yeah, I made a fool of myself in front of the world, but it was also great to pick myself back up and go on tour.''' ,'''Once when I was 16 I had my car taken away from me for being past curfew. Oh, and I said a bad word once, and I actually did get my mouth washed out with soap.''' ,'''I've always been a rocker. Like ever since I was really young. I had a crush on the Green Day guys. That's always been what I was like and been my interest.''' ,'''I have amazing people around me. I couldn't be in a better place. I'm grateful for my life and where I'm at. I never thought I could be in the position that I'm in.''' ,'''I knew that people were going to talk about it, I knew it was embarrassing, and I knew it was a big deal. But did I think that it was going to be this thing that followed me for, you know, the next years to come? I guarantee you, 25 years from now, I'll be known as the girl that lip synced on 'SNL.' But, you know, it was a weird thing. Not fun.''' ,'''Every song is something that I've been through or an emotion I've felt - like falling in love or heartbreak.''' ,'''I have the greatest husband. The baby is my main focus right now. We're both so excited. I mean, this is definitely the happiest moment in my life.''' ,'''I think that's the thing. I don't want to date a celebrity. I want to date a normal person. So I'm looking for a normal person.''' ,'''Growing up I felt like my nose was big. I was always like, 'I'm going to get a nose job one day'. I'm glad I didn't.''' ,'''Being pregnant was the healthiest I've ever been in my life. Except for the cupcakes.''' ,'''There's moments where I want to break down and cry, but not give up.''' ,'''When you see someone you love with somebody else, your heart kind of falls to the ground.''' ,'''I took some me time. I think that's a really important thing to do for yourself, especially in this business. And now I feel like I'm in a really good, positive place in my life.''' ,'''What I do now defines who I am as a woman and how people see me; they don't see me as a little girl.''' ,'''I don't get bothered by people saying what they say. I'm a happy person and I'm happy with my looks. I'm not an insecure person. I believe if somebody chooses plastic surgery it should be for themselves, not for anyone else.''' ,'''Maybe I was just lucky, but I had the best pregnancy, and I loved giving birth. It was just the most amazing thing, so surreal but so real.''' ,'''Standards are a little crazy these days. I think that, when you go to sleep, as long as you're happy with the way you are and the way you look, that's the most important thing. I think it's an internal thing. As long as you feel good with who you are and comfortable with what you're wearing, but not if that's the most important thing.''' ,'''I feel very confident with the way I look. But I felt just as confident the way I looked before. I've always been confident with who I am.''' ,'''I'm an artist, and I go in the studio and make my music. And then I'll give it to my dad and he does what he does. And he does, you know, the press, and figuring out shows and whatnot. When it comes to my artistic freedom, he doesn't, like, step on my toes or anything.''' ,'''No matter what people say, your fans are the ones that come to watch the movie or come to your shows and that's the most important thing.''' ,]
+++