+++
author = "Gemma Collins"
title = "Gemma Collins Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Gemma Collins Quotes"
keywords = "gemma collins,gemma collins quotes,gemma collins quote,gemma collins sayings,gemma collins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been so lucky with everything that has happened to me.''' ,'''I am a very creative person.''' ,'''I'm not some beg voiceover. I'm a serious customer.''' ,'''People just can't believe I'm a big girl and I'm successful.''' ,'''I am as I am, and I ain't gonna apologise for it.''' ,'''It's nice to play mum sometimes.''' ,'''The difference between white witches and dark witches is that a white witch is very spiritual, into nature and can make magic happen. That is me.''' ,'''I could grow my own patch, make some apple pies and start selling them at the local country fair.''' ,'''I believe there are lizards living amongst us. Do these humans who appear to be humans and look like us and act like us, go into the tunnels where their human faces, their human bodies - do they retract back into being lizards when they go into the tunnels?''' ,'''I think why I am such a success in regards to my shows, is I don't give you an impression that my world's all rose tinted glasses, candy floss, sequins and glitter.''' ,'''I don't dislike being famous, but there have been moments when you think: 'Is this really worth it?' Sometimes you go through that stage where you're almost like selling your soul. People want all from you, absolutely everything. They want it from you. And everyone's got an opinion about you.''' ,'''I personally need my own tunnels.''' ,'''Ever since I was a little girl I've had this affinity to connect with spirits and talk to them.''' ,'''I had to grow a very thick skin very fast. I think that's where the GC came about.''' ,'''Agents told me that in the celebrity world, it's love life and weight gain/loss that people are interested in.''' ,'''I can do Tarot cards and all that.''' ,'''After six years of doing it, the weird thing on 'Towie' is that we can't explain to people that we're famous. We're doing a show where we have to act like normal people.''' ,'''I do like exercising. It makes you feel good and gets the endorphins going. So I decided to do low impact exercise and exercise I enjoy.''' ,'''To be honest, I don't mind Jason Gardiner, I've always found him amusing.''' ,'''I've been in gyms before and people have recorded me on their mobile phones and uploaded it on Facebook and said: 'Look at this fat pig,' which has been really traumatic for me to see.''' ,'''What do sharks do on Monday mornings? They get up and start biting. That's me.''' ,'''I didn't go to uni and although I don't have regrets in my life, I have two nephews and I'd encourage them to go to uni as I don't think you need to grow up too quick.''' ,'''I treat people throughout the year, my mates with children, every time I see them I give them 40 quid, or I go to Amazon and get them a gift- no one goes without.''' ,'''At the end of the day, there's always going to be younger, prettier girls but I know what I bring to the table.''' ,'''There are so many chemicals in things - that's why people are getting sick.''' ,'''Just think Beyonce on ice, honey. That's me.''' ,'''People have got to stop fat-shaming and writing bad stuff. I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to be around for a long time. Get over the weight thing and look at yourself.''' ,'''I love directing as I've got such a fantastic, a creative mind.''' ,'''I love the fact that TV enables me to help other women.''' ,'''I think it's acceptable to eat custard on Sundays.''' ,'''You know James Corden - I'm like a version of him but in a girl.''' ,'''I'll always be an Essex girl at heart but I've matured and I've evolved and with my work I'm in the West End all the time.''' ,'''I can take the mick out of myself so whatever anyone has got to say about me I still find it funny.''' ,'''I've said it before and I'll say it again, I don't need to explain my outfits.''' ,'''I would love to have a child. It would be great for me and such a positive message for all the girls out there who don't want to rush their life or their life has taken different a direction, like me who's put their career first.''' ,'''I bought myself a bike in isolation and a helmet and I love it. It's built my confidence up because not everyone is confident in exercise.''' ,'''Everyone out there is growing up too quickly, university does give you responsibility but you're still learning and you have time to go out and have fun.''' ,'''My dream show is to have this haunted house and get some celebrities in there and then I can do their Tarot cards and speak to the dead with them.''' ,'''I'm not apologetic for who I am.''' ,'''If I was 10st, I would look highly unattractive - it would be damaging to my body.''' ,'''GC is a brand now. It's how I make my money to be honest.''' ,'''When I go to the shopping centre, I'm not the GC. I'm just there with my mum.''' ,'''You're never going to see me drinking some protein shake and doing 20 squat thrusts. I will never follow suit.''' ,'''I'm a witch, I'm up all night, this is no joke.''' ,'''I am Gemma Collins. I don't have to answer to anyone about my fashion choices.''' ,'''I want to travel the world.''' ,'''I had a happy childhood, I didn't know about money then.''' ,'''I've heard Simon Cowell is awake all through the night... To be honest that is when I get all my work done.''' ,'''I'm here for a reason and I think it's to reach out to people - whether that's to give people a little bit of confidence if they're having a terrible day, or to give them advice, or just to make them laugh.''' ,'''I like to cook, I like nature, I like to read. I do like to shop, don't get me wrong, every now and then.''' ,'''I take no notice of trolls because my bank balance is growing and growing and growing and growing - they can troll me all they want.''' ,'''My parents were very strapped for cash when we were growing up.''' ,'''I'm not one of these average reality people that are permanently doing Instagram posts, I break the mould, I break the Internet.''' ,'''I honestly think I was put on the Earth to be some sort of prophet.''' ,'''I walk around like I'm a billionaire, I believe in the universe, I never worry about money and that's why money comes to me.''' ,'''I've not forgotten where I came from but I've grown and I've evolved and that is the secret to being a reality star.''' ,'''I've always dreamed big.''' ,'''I got offered to do a book yeah, and they said to me, 'Gem, you're so busy, how about we get someone to walk around with you with a dictaphone,' and that's how we did it.''' ,'''I try not to bring any attention to myself.''' ,'''You get the wig on, you put the lipstick on, you get the big eyelashes on and that's the GC. It's like Paul O'Grady when he does Lily Savage... But when I'm not working, I don't wear a scrap of makeup.''' ,'''I've always really loved nature, I did a lot of horseriding as a young girl.''' ,'''There was something in my brain when it came to exercising - my stomach would churn, my heart would go and beat funny. I'd be like: 'I just don't want to do this.'''' ,'''I see ghosts all the time, all the time.''' ,'''I think I'm a witch because I'm very connected to nature.''' ,'''Because I was given everything I didn't know the value of money. My dad always bailed me out.''' ,'''The reason I know I'm different to other people is I'm awake in the night, like all mythical creatures.''' ,'''I've only got to see an animal on TV and I start screaming. I don't like the feeling of claustrophobia either.''' ,'''There's criticism, and there's calling someone a fridge.''' ,'''I can't go shopping like I did before I was famous. It has to be planned now. I can't walk around a shopping centre. Even when I have four security guards with me, shoppers run towards me. It's fun, but it's difficult when you're trying to get your bits.''' ,'''I absolutely love 'TOWIE.'''' ,'''I'm not a presenter - I'm a star.''' ,'''Any members of the IIluminati, feel free to come on my podcast. I'm not scared of it, I'd like to know more.''' ,'''I have endured pain and suffering in my life, things haven't always been easy, I have suffered. And now I can help people in their lives.''' ,'''I'm not the Towie girl I once was, I'm not that girl anymore.''' ,'''I mean, there's nothing wrong with a bit of glam, but do you know what? I'm not bothered about getting a reservation in the latest restaurant.''' ,'''I constantly know that showbiz is going to be short-lived, you have to grab every opportunity as well as you can.''' ,'''I hate heights and I hate every single creepy crawly going.''' ,'''We did not have a toaster growing up. I never knew what a toaster was, it was only as I got older, we got a toaster.''' ,'''I have every day struggles like everyone else.''' ,'''I have a half an hour window that if I don't go to sleep in that time frame I am up all night.''' ,'''I probably felt more beautiful before I went on TV. 'Cos I get so much criticism now.''' ,'''I've been having singing lessons whenever I can fit them in.''' ,'''There's nothing better than cornflakes with hot milk. It's my Sunday treat.''' ,'''I'm a massive fan of the dictionary.''' ,'''I feel very in tune with the spiritual world and no one understands it unless you have got that intuition.''' ,'''My intuition always guides me to the right place.''' ,'''I think at some point I need an OBE from the Queen as I've entertained the nation during Corona.''' ,'''I have a team of cleaners, in case one is off sick or goes on holiday.''' ,'''I don't stumble at any hurdle.''' ,'''There is only one GC, so whoever does end up with me in the end is a very lucky person.''' ,'''Dark witches focus on dark magic, black magic and all kinds of horrible things. I don't believe white witches have warts on them either, or pointy noses.''' ,'''I can remember I lost three and a half stone weight loss. It was painful, it was excruciating, it was hell. I had to exercise eight hours a day. It was very tiring, very exhausting. I came away seeing exercise as punishment.''' ,'''The truth is, in day-to-day life, I'm just grinding like everyone else.''' ,'''I'm always surrounded by crazy people, but when I come back to the country I'm into my plants, I love gardening, I love bird watching and I absolutely love nature.''' ,'''People all want to hug me. They want to touch The GC!''' ,'''When I'm ready, I'll have a baby - and I will love that.''' ,'''Food became my coping mechanism and I've never been able to break that cycle.''' ,'''When I first became known in public I was sent off to bootcamps. I was thrown into all this madness of weight loss and weight gain.''' ,'''I radiate on a different frequency - or you can call it energy - than most. I vibrate at a different energy force.''' ,'''I'm am really a real person.''' ,]
+++