+++
author = "Shamna Kasim"
title = "Shamna Kasim Quotes"
quotes_len = "91"
description = "the best 91 Shamna Kasim Quotes"
keywords = "shamna kasim,shamna kasim quotes,shamna kasim quote,shamna kasim sayings,shamna kasim saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Be it a cameo, a character role or a lead role, I am happy that people are finally recognising my acting calibre and are casting me in their films.''' ,'''I made my debut in 2004 as a fresh faced teenager in a small role in director Kamal's Manjupoloru Penkutty.'''' ,'''At times, I would decide to keep myself completely free for a week to relax. But, after the second day, I would feel bored and tell myself, You better do something.'''' ,'''The credit for the success of my films go to the director and the script.''' ,'''After I got my head tonsured, I stopped taking up projects, and have been very choosy because my hairstyle doesn't suit every role. A few filmmakers even asked me to act with a wig, but I don't want to do that.''' ,'''Even when I was bald, I loved seeing myself in the mirror, loved the attention that came with it and flaunted the look. It gave me a lot of confidence too.''' ,'''People think if you are an actor or a social figure, you have more freedom in life. But that's not the case.''' ,'''Landing substantial and author-backed roles is indeed very gratifying.''' ,'''I don't say no to dance shows on TV channels as they have always served as stress busters. I thoroughly enjoy dancing.''' ,'''In Santhosh Sethumadhavan's remake of the yesteryear hit, Chattakkari,' I was required to wear short skirts and frocks as I play an Anglo-Indian girl in it. But my role as Julie is hardly a show of glamour.''' ,'''Ravi Babu's films are known to have its heroines playing prominent roles. Further, all the heroines he has cast in his films are well-established, known faces. I consider myself lucky to have been considered by him to play Mohini.''' ,'''I hail from an orthodox family, but they encouraged me to learn various dance forms.''' ,'''I am more comfortable working in Tamil films rather than in Malayalam.''' ,'''I used to do semi-classical dance as a child; I did not have a choreographer, but my mother gave me a cassette to learn from.''' ,'''I'm ready to wait for the best role rather than do all the projects coming my way and regret about it later.''' ,'''Malayali audiences are well aware of Shamna as a dancer and that may be a reason why I was constantly being approached by filmmakers to do song sequences alone.''' ,'''What leads me is the conviction that as an artiste, attempting versatile roles will help me improve.''' ,'''I couldn't contain my excitement when I was invited to judge Dance Vs Dance.' I've followed the series closely and am thrilled to be a part of this magnificent show.''' ,'''I'm basically a dancer and cinema just happened to me, sometimes I still wonder how I could become an actor. My friends too keep asking how I pulled it off.''' ,'''Ever since I gave the nod for Chattakari,' I've been flooded with offers from the Malayalam film industry, like never before.''' ,'''It was fun shooting for Vithagan.' It's a bubbly character. I perform minor stunts too.''' ,'''Shamna is a 'hot star' for Malayalis, but for my Telugu and Tamil audience, Poorna is a girl next-door. That is because I have mostly played village belle or de-glam characters in these industries. Whatever people's perception about me is I'm happy.''' ,'''Actually I saw Manichitrathazhu' in Malayalam and I wanted to try the costume Shobana wore, to sit like her and carry that attitude, to feel like a queen.''' ,'''Dancing has always been my passion and it was my parents - Kasim and my mother Ramla Beevi's encouragement and support that helped me learn dancing at an early age.''' ,'''When I am not acting or practising dance, you'll find me fast asleep!''' ,'''After donning an item number in Rajadhi Raja,' I got a string of offers to perform similar characters. But I consciously rejected all those offers as I don't want to be tagged as an item girl.''' ,'''Don't compare me to veteran actor Lakshmi who immortalised Julie in director Sethumadhavan's Chattakkari.' It's so unnerving.''' ,'''In Tamil and Telugu films, I am not called for stylish roles and often play rustic or unglamorous roles in them.''' ,'''I am not called for good roles in Malayalam films for reasons which I cannot fathom.''' ,'''Rarely do heroine-oriented films happen in the film industry.''' ,'''I am a dancer first. That is why I don't accept all roles that come my way.''' ,'''As an actor, it doesn't matter to me if I play the role of a mother, with or without make-up and so on. I focus only on getting the expressions and acting right.''' ,'''Wearing wigs don't work for all characters.''' ,'''I was approached for the remake of Maniyara,' the yesteryear film that starred actors Mammootty and Seema in the lead.''' ,'''When people question me too much, I generally ask them if such rules are applicable to someone like actor Mammootty. They reply, Mammootty is a man and you are a woman. You aren't supposed to do certain things.' And I go like, Why not? Are there separate rules for Muslim men and women?'''' ,'''When working under experienced filmmakers, many artistes tend to get nervous.''' ,'''I'm friends with many actors across the southern film industry, who've been my co-stars, too, and with whom I share a great rapport.''' ,'''Avunu's stellar run at the BO and the positive response from the audience was such that most scripts coming my way from Telugu have been from the horror genre!''' ,'''I am scared when I hear the word 'marriage' but I cannot say to my family that I don't want to marry at all.''' ,'''I don't watch horror films at all and if at all I see, then my mother gets really bugged. She switches off the television and tells me not to destroy her sleep and happiness.''' ,'''I have a very strong family.''' ,'''There are several talented Malayali actresses, but still M-Town directors choose actresses from other states.''' ,'''Moreover, I am confident when I act without make-up; I feel free, as there is no hindrance.''' ,'''If I am part of a movie, the character I handle should make sense to me at first and should also be convincing to the audiences, in terms of casting.''' ,'''As a woman, I too nurture dreams about the one man with whom I'd be sharing my life.''' ,'''I don't want to star in films for the sake of acting.''' ,'''I am thrilled with Suvarna Sundari,' which is very unique and I play one of the three women characters.''' ,'''There are offers, but I would sign the dotted line only when a project excites me enough to spare time for it.''' ,'''Frankly speaking, ever since my debut, I have been offered cop roles. However, I never felt confident about pulling them off, probably due to my short physique or the absence of the required traits in me.''' ,'''As I always say, I don't want to limit myself to being an ingredient in any dish. I want to be the sole flavoring agent, without which making the dish is impossible.''' ,'''I am playing a brave girl in Thagararu.' I was told by the director that Madurai girls are naturally brave and during my shoots in the city, I realized that this is true about the girls from Madurai.''' ,'''I did Kodiveeran,' which had grey shades. Being an actress, I should try challenging roles.''' ,'''Your performance should be acclaimed. If awards come, I am happy.''' ,'''I love experimenting with roles and that's what keeps me hungry for versatile roles.''' ,'''Asking Muslims to stay away from social media is downright absurd.''' ,'''Dance gives me a lot of confidence and helps me overcome all my insecurities in personal and professional life.''' ,'''I've been performing from the age of three.''' ,'''I have complete faith and trust in our criminal justice system.''' ,'''I had once decided to quit acting when Chattakari' didn't do well at the box office.''' ,'''My family has been thinking of arranging my marriage for over a year now. At one point I too thought it would be fine.''' ,'''When I was asked to play the lead character Mohini in Avunu' I asked Ravi Babu why he chose me. He said he wanted someone who can act well. I felt nice.''' ,'''To be frank, I am confused. If an actress does a cameo dance sequence, it is often referred to as an item number, if an actor does the same, it is just a dance number!''' ,'''Unless I am convinced that it is a strong, prominent role with ample scope to perform, I don't accept it. I want the audience to recognize me for my acting talent.''' ,'''I sometimes just break down and cry.''' ,'''There have been ups and downs in my life, and at a point of time, I had thought of even quitting from films, by focusing on dance alone.''' ,'''In Sarvamangalam,' I am fond of flowers and I want to own a nursery. My character talks only to flowers. If she is sad she will go and talk to flowers. It is not a comedy film, it is a nice subject.''' ,'''Like every girl, I had dreams of marriage, but I got victimized in a cheating scandal. When the proposal came through the family, everyone was happy. I had started talking to him with the consent of both families and after a week, all of a sudden, we got to know that I wasn't even speaking with the person whose picture had been given to us.''' ,'''A lot of substantial roles are coming my way from Tamil and Telugu, and I am happy with the way my career is progressing.''' ,'''As I was always busy with dance, acting, giving performances on stage, and even studies, I had no time for other hobbies and I hope to make more time for other things once I am settled.''' ,'''I have always wondered why I don't get as many good roles in Malayalam as I do in other languages.''' ,'''I was doubtful whether I can play overly glamorous characters, as I am not slim. But, I was amazed at the kind of fame that came my way in Tollywood.''' ,'''As a person who keeps away from horror flicks for fear of losing sleep over it - not just for days but months together - Avunu' was a great experience for me.''' ,'''There is a limit to everything; whomsoever I act with, I'm rumored to be having affairs with them. I just can't take it anymore. How many affairs can an actress have?''' ,'''In fact, dance is an extension of who I am.''' ,'''It has been ten years since I stepped into the industry and I have done a lot of song and dance and romantic films.''' ,'''I love simple dresses and use only minimal make up.''' ,'''Dance has given me so many opportunities including a foothold into filmdom.''' ,'''Just because I am a Muslim doesn't mean that I need to live in a certain way and sport a certain look.''' ,'''I always give preference to the script and when it's good, I am game for anything.''' ,'''In our religion, there are people who might be conservative about practicing dance after marriage, but I don't want anything or anyone to come between me and my dance.''' ,'''In fact, I became popular in Kerala after I took part in a reality dance show and despite making my foray into films as an actress I make it a point to take part in stage shows whenever I find time.''' ,'''My first stage performance was when I was just four.''' ,'''I'm blessed to have a supportive family and friends, who keep pushing me to never give up dancing whatever happens.''' ,'''I have regretted saying no' to a director who wanted to bank on my dancing skills for an amazing role in the past.''' ,'''I have not come this far in one shot, and I have undergone struggles. My life was built step by step.''' ,'''I go by the script and the director. Decisions about signing on the dotted line are mine. Of course, mom and dad listen to the scripts but I think I'm a better judge.''' ,'''If I want to do realistic cinema and convince the audience in authentic roles, I have to walk the extra mile.''' ,'''There is lot of competition happening in the South and I'm incapable of being in the race, but I will be more than happy to do a good role and prove that I am capable of doing it.''' ,'''The choreography in films is completely different. I find it easier when I am asked to dance to classical music, but it's a different ball game altogether.''' ,'''I am glad that I had to work my way up and was not handed anything on a platter.''' ,'''Tamil is almost like my mother tongue and for quite some time, I had been concentrating on Telugu.''' ,]
+++