+++
author = "Jessica Lowndes"
title = "Jessica Lowndes Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Jessica Lowndes Quotes"
keywords = "jessica lowndes,jessica lowndes quotes,jessica lowndes quote,jessica lowndes sayings,jessica lowndes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love yoga, and I love circuit training where you can do five exercises, 15-20 reps of each exercise, and I do it five times in a row - it only takes twenty minutes, and you can do it anywhere. You feel instantly better.''' ,'''I got an agent when I was 16 up in Vancouver, Canada.''' ,'''I wanna do Broadway one day in New York. That would be an ultimate dream of mine.''' ,'''I'd love to collaborate with Drake. I think he's awesome.''' ,'''I definitely love the smoky eye, and when I do that, I like to do a nude lip so it draws attention to your eyes.''' ,'''My mom is my best friend in the entire world. She is so cool and so inspiring. I've always been able to be open with her and talk to her as a friend.''' ,'''There's just so many things I wanna do. At the end of the day, I wanna be happy.''' ,'''I can't get enough of London! I love all the picnic benches, the old-school phone booths and parks in the middle of the city.''' ,'''I live a healthy lifestyle and I crave healthy food. I love porridge - I have bizarre cravings for it. I love it with brown sugar and bananas, and I'm a huge fan of cinnamon - I put cinnamon on everything. I also have a sweet tooth and I don't like to deprive myself. I think everything in moderation is the key.''' ,'''Heartbreak has definitely been a big inspiration for me. You can write about a bad situation and just feel so much better afterwards. For me it's very therapeutic. But love in general - even when it's good - is always very inspiring.''' ,'''I hate when people have food in their mouths and they don't swallow before they talk. Like, they store it in their cheek when they talk to you. It drives me nuts.''' ,'''I have enough drama in my career, and then always playing dramatic roles and storylines... I like to lead a very low profile.''' ,'''I do a lot of writing on planes, actually. It's my time that I can just relax and have absolutely no distractions.''' ,'''I love pampering myself, so going for a massage or getting a mani-pedi makes me feel instantly better. When my nails are done I feel so much better - it's the little things that make me so happy, and you literally feel polished.''' ,'''I love day trips around L.A. I'm a huge Disneyland junkie - I go almost every other weekend.''' ,'''I like guys who are honest and funny. Looks come and go; I want to be 65 years old and laughing with my husband.''' ,'''L.A. style is more laid back than London, mainly because it's always sunny. In London, the cold means you get to rock layers. And you can't go wrong with a trench coat!''' ,]
+++