+++
author = "Kelvin Fletcher"
title = "Kelvin Fletcher Quotes"
quotes_len = "95"
description = "the best 95 Kelvin Fletcher Quotes"
keywords = "kelvin fletcher,kelvin fletcher quotes,kelvin fletcher quote,kelvin fletcher sayings,kelvin fletcher saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Night shoots are great. They always feel quite mischievous and naughty because you're out working while everyone else is in bed.''' ,'''I've been spoilt with 'Emmerdale' over the years. I've had a taste of high drama, action, explosive scenes, emotional scenes and the odd bit of comedy with Bernice.''' ,'''It's always nice to get a storyline - I know all actors say that, but it genuinely is, as it feels like the show's team are putting their faith in you to do it justice, so it's quite a compliment.''' ,'''We're pretty sure Liz fell pregnant on our wedding night.''' ,'''I want five children! I do want a huge family, but ultimately, whatever will be, will be.''' ,'''I always liked dancing and you'd go to class and find you had an hour acting and an hour of ballet.''' ,'''I probably eat about 300-350g of carbs a day. About 160g of protein, about 60-80g of fat, which I think is about 2,500-3,000 calories.''' ,'''As an actor I can bring the story, the narrative in each performance. If I can't do that, then... might as well give up as an actor, hadn't I?''' ,'''I've always enjoyed the big stunt scenes that I've had - from the barn fire when I first started in 'Emmerdale,' to years later when Victoria started a fire and Andy had to rescue people.''' ,'''I like the idea of doing a part which, as a straight guy, is really different to me. I'd just see doing a gay kiss, and a gay role, as something different. Plus I have plenty of gay mates, so I could probably practice with them.''' ,'''Australia has the British way of life - and great weather. I could live there.''' ,'''I've got a three-year-old daughter. To picture her being a dancer, I'd absolutely love that. I'm in absolute awe of what they do. Just seeing them work, they're incredible.''' ,'''I'd love a racing career, but as I didn't start until I was 28 I missed years of experience.''' ,'''I suddenly received a call from my agent offering me the chance to do 'Strictly' and I had to make the decision within an hour or two. I was doing a different job towards the end of the year so I had to change my plans, but it was a no-brainer.''' ,'''I don't want to let anyone down and I don't want to let myself down.''' ,'''I find it funny that I'm a pin-up.''' ,'''The amazing thing with a soap is every day you're challenged, the amount of storylines we go through, the amount of emotions you get to play is really challenging.''' ,'''I won an award when I was 15 and my mum and dad were very proud and so was I but for me, individual things like that aren't as significant as I have been part of so much and there were weeks and months of hard work building up to those pinnacle moments and they can be full of moments of pride.''' ,'''I have been pretty happy with how I look but if I have a hectic week with family or work life, that has got to be my priority and the gym takes a back seat. Then a couple of weeks turn into a couple of months and before you know it you feel like you've got the 'dad bod.'''' ,'''I'm very fortunate now in that I have my first love, which is drama and acting, for a living and I'm also managing to go racing as well.''' ,'''Emmerdale's been great. I'm very biased but I think it's in a really good place.''' ,'''I've very much moved on and I want to pursue other things. I've done 'Emmerdale,' I wanted to move on and do other things.''' ,'''The 'Strictly' experience is really like no other - the training and work that goes into it is immense.''' ,'''I'll spend about an hour and a half working out: mobility, activate whatever muscles, a full-body session every time, some full-body exercises and some upper-body exercises.''' ,'''I spend most of my time at home dancing with my daughter to things like 'Frozen' and 'The Greatest Showman.'''' ,'''I thought I had a pretty good American accent but I had a few sessions with a voice coach over there and she was picking up on a few things. Possibly because I've got such a strong Northern accent, I emphasise the wrong part of words so the idea is to work on my American accent.''' ,'''I'm very proud of some of the stories I've been given thanks to the team at 'Emmerdale,' they've been great over the years so hopefully that will continue.''' ,'''Twenty years is a long time and it's been an incredible 20 years. I'm so grateful to 'Emmerdale' for what they have given me throughout that period.''' ,'''I have plans to send my little daughter and son into dancing because I'd love for them to enjoy it too.''' ,'''I watch a lot of English films but one of my favourites is 'Gladiator.' It's epic - if it doesn't get you fired up, nothing will.''' ,'''Those who know me, after a few beers, I love music and I love to dance, but that doesn't mean I'll be any good!''' ,'''My dancing idol is my dad. Growing up watching him dance to Northern Soul I used to think 'He looks cool.'''' ,'''When I arrived at 'Emmerdale,' Clive was the one person I got really starstruck about. It was weird, I was there with my dad and he said, 'There's Jack Sugden.' He was lovely, very welcoming and absolutely massive.''' ,'''I'm young but I can't wait to marry and have kids.''' ,'''I've had a couple of storylines in the past that have never been done by a soap before, which is nice.''' ,'''It is a weird job where you can kiss someone at work then go back to your loved ones and it's all ok.''' ,'''I don't live too far from my mum so I can go round for home-cooked meals and get my ironing done.''' ,'''I've always wanted to have children and become a father, without question.''' ,'''Because I enjoy training, obviously what comes with that is if you haven't been training, or you're not feeling like you're in great shape, then the last thing you want to do, like anyone, is to be seen by millions half naked.''' ,'''A family with two kids and a dog, however cheesy it might sound, that's what I want.''' ,'''As for cooking, I like making lasagne and spaghetti Bolognese, I have perfected my porridge, and I like making Sunday roasts.''' ,'''I'm a massive fan of 'Strictly' so it's incredible. I'm so happy that I can be a part of it.''' ,'''Let's not forget that I am an actor and I'm a real budding, enthusiastic and ambitious actor.''' ,'''The vast majority of my fan mail comes from older women and gay men.''' ,'''I'm like most people. I keep fit for myself. I'm not religious about it but I like to get to the gym whenever I can.''' ,'''I do remember a time and I can quite easily imagine a time without - looking to a future without 'Emmerdale.'''' ,'''I think what 'Emmerdale' are excited about is that my exit storyline is the catalyst for other storylines for characters like Chrissie and Lawrence.''' ,'''Liz knows me, she's known me since I was eight-years-old, and we're very happily married. And don't forget, she's watched me kiss numerous actresses on 'Emmerdale.'''' ,'''I'm happiest when I'm with people who have known me for years.''' ,'''I am pretty quiet, and people say I'm shy.''' ,'''Emmerdale' is a great place to work and I genuinely wouldn't be here if I didn't want to be.''' ,'''I was eight years old and I was playing rugby for my local club.''' ,'''It's always nice to hear nice things, but I don't suddenly go out and think I'm the best thing since sliced bread.''' ,'''There's nothing better than a cold beer.''' ,'''I left it entirely in the hands of the 'Emmerdale' team and had no input into how Andy would leave. I put my full trust in them to come up with a way for him to leave that was fitting for the character.''' ,'''I want to continue to be challenged and feel a sense of fulfilment, like I have over the years at 'Emmerdale.' I've got aspirations to do other genres and I'm really keen to play a different character, whether it's in comedy or action, and just do something that's completely different.''' ,'''It was only when I got to 21 that my personality started coming out a little bit more.''' ,'''My experience of dancing is exclusively at weddings or parties with alcohol involved and in the dark.''' ,'''I missed out on the crash course that everyone else gets on 'Strictly' on every dance form.''' ,'''It's funny how you can say performing is in the blood, and if I'm considered a performer being an actor, then it's certainly in the blood.''' ,'''What was weird, as a 12-year-old actor, was being expected to behave like an adult while still being treated as a kid everywhere else.''' ,'''I find it really easy to be aggressive, I find it easy to cry.''' ,'''I'd love nothing more to play a strong leading male in a Marvel thing. I read they are about to make comic book hero Captain Britain and I thought that would be an amazing part to play.''' ,'''If someone stops me in the street, they might not want to say something to my face - maybe something about 'Emmerdale' or something personal towards me, good or bad. But on Twitter they are hiding behind their keyboard.''' ,'''It's dead flattering, isn't it? I have got a big gay following. I actually find it more flattering when a bloke comes on to you than a woman. I've even found myself flirting back sometimes!''' ,'''I've always had aspirations to play other characters, but over the years I've always felt so happy and so challenged at 'Emmerdale.'''' ,'''With the waltz, especially the Viennese Waltz, it looks so beautiful and effortless and flows.''' ,'''When I'm out and about, I never get chatted up by women in an obvious way.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to marry Liz the day I met her. Deep down I knew she was The One.''' ,'''I have done Emmerdale since I was 12 and there has never been a time when I could just be myself.''' ,'''In many ways 'Emmerdale' is a huge part of my life but in many ways it's not. I've always had so many interests elsewhere - family and friends and other interests away from that.''' ,'''Most of my saucy comments are from gay guys. Some of them are pretty explicit in the things they say, especially on Twitter.''' ,'''Getting trouble is always a problem when you are young and in a soap.''' ,'''Yeah I had the poof thing before the acting because I did ballet.''' ,'''I've had women telling me I'm bloody gorgeous but I haven't had any kinky pictures. Everything's been quite tame - from the women!''' ,'''I train and keep in shape. It's quite vain.''' ,'''There's no one who puts more pressure on me than myself.''' ,'''Maybe in another life I would have liked to have been a dancer. But I was a cheeky chappy who wanted to be an actor.''' ,'''There's no denying for me that 'Emmerdale' is an amazing place to work. I've got so much to be grateful for. Over the years it's given me a great sense of purpose and a real sense of belonging.''' ,'''That's one thing I need to work on, my flexibility. I'm not mobile enough, am I.''' ,'''Keep hydrated: I drink at least 4 litres of water a day.''' ,'''I've gone through my adolescence on TV so it's pretty cringey when I look back on some pictures and scenes, but that's part and parcel of being a child actor and growing up.''' ,'''As an actor, you always have aspirations to play different roles.''' ,'''Carbs get a bad press, but they're pretty important.''' ,'''Obviously I went through my adolescence on national TV, but it's great looking back.''' ,'''I know very little about farming!''' ,'''It's been good and a nice chance to work with some great actors and actresses - Natalie Anderson, Jeff Hordley, Emma Atkins, Charley Webb and Dominic Power.''' ,'''I am a bit of a domestic goddess to be honest. I am a clean freak so I love doing the hoovering and the cleaning.''' ,'''Emmerdale' is and always will be in my DNA.''' ,'''Most people in TV are nice but there are some who just live in Egoville. They're not talented, they're just famous. I don't want to be like that.''' ,'''I just want to be a normal lad and not known as 'that bloke off the telly.'''' ,'''I'll be happiest when I've got my wife and my home.''' ,'''I'm not easily offended so whether it be a compliment or a derogatory comment, it really doesn't bother me.''' ,'''I've been acting since I was a kid and it started out as a hobby. I've been lucky enough to make that my professional career and I've earned a living out of it.''' ,'''I felt that as an actor I continued to excel and felt really comfortable and confident in myself that I wanted to at least give it a go and picture myself doing other things. It was testament to 'Emmerdale' that they gave me the confidence and creativity to pursue other challenges.''' ,]
+++