+++
author = "Ian Gillan"
title = "Ian Gillan Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Ian Gillan Quotes"
keywords = "ian gillan,ian gillan quotes,ian gillan quote,ian gillan sayings,ian gillan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When we arrive at the studio, we put the kettle on, have a cup of tea, say, 'How's the family? You still got that old car? Is that dog still alive?' and then we start jamming. That's how the songs get written.''' ,'''It's a fine line between self-assuredness and arrogance.''' ,'''When I picked up my guitar, I spent the first day learning the chord E, the second day A, then B7, and all of a sudden, I could play the blues.''' ,'''My father was a storekeeper at a factory in west London.''' ,'''It wasn't slung together by a producer and a publisher. We decided we were going to take hold of our music and let it evolve organically.''' ,'''The thing to remember when you're re-recording pieces from the past is that you have to have respect for the original performances, recordings, and arrangements.''' ,'''When you're young, you're immortal, or so you think, and you never think there will be problems ahead.''' ,'''We've been touring ever since we were able to afford to buy a van, and I don't think we'll ever stop until something falls off or is irreparable.''' ,'''I love extended solos. I used to like them in the old days a lot, because it used to give me time to go to the pub for a drink.''' ,'''It was immaterial to me that Elvis didn't write his own songs. Those were very different days, and he selected whatever suited him best from material supplied by publishing houses and teams of writers - all of whom were extremely conscious of his style of delivery.''' ,'''Although he appeared in some awful movies, Elvis could also be pretty damn good as an actor.''' ,'''Rock music had its own constituency, its own steering wheel. It was beyond the control of the establishment, and we saw TV as the enemy.''' ,'''I write every day.''' ,'''If you've got a wound, and it's just about to heal up, and it's got a nice scab on it, and you think in two or three days, that's gonna be completely healed, then somebody comes along and pokes it with a stick, and it opens up again. And that's what happens with the Ritchie-and-Deep Purple situation.''' ,'''I used to do interviews - I still do - interviews every day, all day. And you go from maybe doing a couple of professional interviews, where you can hear the sound right, to everyone else sounds like they're at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean.''' ,'''Our partying was governed by licensing hours. When the pub or club shut, that would be it.''' ,'''There's a wonderful woodland, spiritual song I wrote in Undercliff in Lyme Regis, and I used to walk up there with my dog and always come back with an idea.''' ,'''If you start adapting to audiences, you're really second-guessing the situation, and it becomes a bit more like cabaret.''' ,'''It means a lot to a lot of people, 'Smoke On The Water.'''' ,'''I'm very grateful for the other bands and artists that stood up for us with a view to our induction - that's nice of them. But I wish that the Hall Of Fame had had the discretion to ask us first. It's now become a debate in which we are too late to have the final word.''' ,'''I wake up every day looking forward to the concert that night. I don't think you need much more inspiration than that.''' ,'''I don't think we were anti-commercial. But we were anti-contrivance, and like Zeppelin, we found dignity through the music we were playing.''' ,'''I know in my heart of hearts that Ritchie Blackmore is one of the great guitar players of all time. He's a fabulous technician, and he's got incredible skills, and he was a great showman.''' ,'''I've never been troubled by disappointment, and I get over it quickly. But I'm not good at making plans, and I don't have any ambitions. I never did.''' ,'''Things evolve. People mature.''' ,'''You can never criticize a monumental musician like Jon Lord or Richie Blackmore, or the part they played in the group, but life goes on.''' ,'''I think you function much better when you trust people and when you've got a sort of relationship where you can develop ideas within a framework.''' ,'''I've played football with George Best, the greatest footballer that ever lived. That doesn't make me a footballer. And I've sung a duet with Pavarotti. That doesn't make me an opera singer. I can write and I have a story to tell, but I'm not going to make a career out of it.''' ,'''The biggest income we make is from live performances, without any doubt. That's about a 4-to-1 ratio from anything else.''' ,'''When I was in my formative years, I rejected Frank Sinatra, Bing Crosby, Andy Williams, and Dean Martin. I now realise they were all great artists, but at the time, as a young man, you have to clear the decks.''' ,'''I've never listened to any of Purple Mk III's records.''' ,'''The one thing nobody was taught was how to deal with success, and I think that happens to everyone who makes it at a young age.''' ,'''I'm completely irresponsible, I'm afraid. I'm ignorant about money as a commodity - I have never really understood it.''' ,'''I've tried to avoid the rock & roll highway and have taken the scenic route. I think all the guys have been more concerned with the music and the band's legacy than with the commercial aspects of life.''' ,'''The Hall Of Fame thing, it's an American thing. We don't have that in England or Germany or Australia or Russia or anywhere in the world apart from America. And it's an institution. What's that got to do with rock and roll?''' ,'''To the general public in America, the lifespan of Deep Purple probably finished with our 1984 album, 'Perfect Strangers.'''' ,'''I've consciously avoided actually reading anything about Wikipedia.''' ,'''Infinity is almost impossible for an eight-year-old to grasp. It's an inquiring age, and you're beginning to shape your thoughts and questions about life in general at that stage.''' ,'''The only advice I can give is to absorb as much as you can from as wide a spectrum as you can. If you're in a rock band and only soak up Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, and Deep Purple kind of beginnings, then you're not going to have much leeway.''' ,'''Purple - I mean, the music and the influence and the subliminal touches range from orchestral conversation to jazz to blues and soul and God knows what. It's a vast range of expressions.''' ,'''I feel very fortunate to have been able to do what I do for a living.''' ,'''I know the guys in Metallica. I'm very honored that they were influenced by Deep Purple when they started, and they've always been very kind to us.''' ,'''I have got a good imagination.''' ,'''I do ironing not only for myself but for everyone at home, everyone in the studio if they want it, and if I run out of ironing to do, I put everything back in the washing machine and get it out again clean so I have some ironing to do.''' ,''''Smoke On The Water' was ignored by everybody to begin with. We only did it in the shows because it was a filler track from 'Machine Head.' But then, one radio station picked up on it, and Warner Bros. edited it down to about three and a half minutes. It then started getting played by lots of different radio stations.''' ,'''I realised that if I wanted to carry on with my musical dreams, I had to change, so I started meditating, and I changed my life entirely.''' ,'''The people who come to Purple shows are there for the music.''' ,'''We were the first generation of rock & roll, but life goes on.''' ,'''There used to be a time when people used to hold up cigarette lighters and candles at concerts, and the place was aglow to celebrate the end of the evening, or during a slow song, there was this congregational euphoria that used to exist. It still does, but now it's a question of iPhones being held up.''' ,'''What happens is we finish the show, have a couple of drinks, go back to the hotel, talk, and that's it.''' ,'''We soaked up everything from Beethoven to Chopin to Jimi Hendrix to Joni Mitchell and Bob Dylan.''' ,'''I was in a band called Episode Six with Roger Glover, which was more of a harmony band, really. At one gig, there were a few dodgy characters leaning up against the wall of the venue - and we ended up joining their band. Purple was the talk of every musician in the country - they had something new and very exciting.''' ,'''I remember my uncle, who was a jazz pianist, when we did Deep Purple 'In Rock,' he ran from the room screaming, holding his ears: 'I can't hear anything. I can't hear any instruments.' And I was rubbing my hands going, 'Great.'''' ,'''I assume I must have a pension, but I don't know for sure. I have heard of ISAs, but I can't tell you if I have any.''' ,'''I have heard that my Wikipedia entry is completely incorrect, but then again, so is everyone else's. I haven't bothered about that.''' ,'''For a rock band, I didn't see the point in live albums. To my mind, you've got to be there.''' ,'''Deep Purple was sinking with Ritchie. We were playing to quarter houses in Europe, which is one of our strongest territories - in Germany. Smaller venues, and they weren't even full. So had we continued that way, and had Ritchie not walked out, we would have finished; that would have been the end of it.''' ,'''I think there's something about having a purpose in life and a sense of belonging that is more important than money for any human being.''' ,'''If there was such a thing as a typical English gentleman in rock music, then it was Jon Lord.''' ,'''I hate it in America where the protocol seems to be you are expected to tip regardless of the quality of service. I like to tip when it's not being demanded of me, and if the service has been good, I tip quite generously.''' ,'''I've always been optimistic - I always expect the sun to come out.''' ,'''When you think about it, we sold about 120 million records, which relates to about £1.2 billion in the U.K. economy. We've seen very little of that.''' ,'''I've been in music all my life.''' ,'''I was an avid collector of Elvis' early stuff; for a young singer, he was an absolute inspiration. I soaked up what he did like blotting paper. It's the same as being in school - you learn by copying the maestro.''' ,'''The band's a really close-knit family. We've got fantastically good friendships and relationships that have developed after all these years.''' ,'''Internet is a good and convenient device for us for easy communication. It has lots of value.''' ,'''Singles - we hated it, going on 'Top Of The Pops' and all that rubbish.''' ,'''My grandad was an opera singer, my uncle a jazz musician; I was a boy soprano in the church choir. But the first performance with Deep Purple was something I'll never forget. All elements were working brilliantly.''' ,'''I don't think happiness comes with money, but if you are hungry, you can't be as happy as if you aren't hungry.''' ,''''Classic rock' is never a label that we've given ourselves - it's one of the many labels that's been imposed on us.''' ,'''I have been touring since I got my first band in 1962, so there is no problem there. We are basically performing musicians, so that's what we do.''' ,'''I can't do one thing at a time. If I'm writing song lyrics, I've got to be doing the ironing or cooking or something while I'm working. If I just sit there and stare at the walls, I get nothing.''' ,'''Life's not so rocky now. It was very volatile when you're young: you've got no experience. Your sense of disappointment is far greater; your sense of success is overwhelming. And then you've got the emotional conflict within any group that you're not mature enough to deal with until you get older. It levels out.''' ,'''I once wrote a song called 'No Laughing in Heaven,' which was about not wanting to go to Heaven due to the company I'd be keeping, and with a few exceptions, the Hall of Fame is pretty much the same thing.''' ,'''In the early Seventies, I bought a dilapidated hotel in north Stoke for about £100,000 and spent the same amount again renovating it, putting in a guitar-shaped swimming pool, painting the bathrooms purple, and installing gold dolphin taps.''' ,'''No matter what I do, I've always recognized that Deep Purple is primarily an instrumental band. That's where all the music comes from in rehearsals - it all stems from the music.''' ,'''In Poland, the whole saying is, 'You've got one eye to Morocco and the other to the Caucasus.' That's the heart of the culture. In England, they say it less romantic: 'You've got a wandering eye.' The saying means my main stream in life must be Deep Purple. That's my main job. Then every now, and I can wander off and have one eye to Morocco.''' ,'''One of my greatest pleasures is writing on my Web site.''' ,'''I love Buffalo. The people here are wonderful, genuine; they look you straight in the eye.''' ,'''If you think of a solo artist, you normally know them by their name; you don't normally describe their kind of music. You just say, 'It's so and so, or it's so and so.' But with bands, everyone feels an obligation to categorize them.''' ,'''I sang 'Nessun Dorma' twice with Pavarotti, and he told me he'd heard 'Smoke' about five or six times, and every time was different. He was so jealous because if he deviated one jot from the traditional interpretation of the famous arias, he'd be crucified. We have the freedom.''' ,'''My first contract was in 1965. There were six of us in this band - my band before Deep Purple - six in the band plus management, and the entire royalty rate was three-fourths of 1 percent.''' ,'''Glenn Hughes is one of the most naturally talented musicians, but he's still copying Steve Wonder to this day, so I can't call him a bona fide member of Deep Purple.''' ,'''I've done a lot of research on science and theology to try and get a better understanding of what happens to the human soul or what potential it has.''' ,'''I grew up moving from one council flat to another and finished up in a three-bedroom semi-detached on a council estate in Cranford, a suburb of Hounslow. This was in the days when there was still rationing, and we had to be thrifty.''' ,'''The thing about a band is, it's not so much how good the musicians are - it's the blend of personalities and characters. It's the human chemistry that makes up a good team.''' ,'''Can you imagine doing 'Nessa Dorma' with Luciano Pavarotti the maestro? It's unbelievable. He's a very generous man.''' ,'''The reason 'Fireball' is my favorite album of that period is that without 'Fireball,' we would never have been able to make 'Machine Head.'''' ,'''I have to think that 'Nessa Dorma' is the greatest rock ballad that's never been recorded as such.''' ,'''There's very little you can do these days about having any impact at a launch for a record unless you keep it very secret, because communications are so immediate, and YouTube and everything else kind of spoils the party.''' ,'''Elvis's voice was unique. Like so many others, he had natural, technical ability, but there was something in the humanity of his voice, and his delivery.''' ,'''When I was a kid, every street had a band, and we'd steal members from each other.''' ,'''We always used to describe ourselves as an instrumental band. Basically, the music was always instrumentally based, so the songs always came later.''' ,'''I like walking and hiking, and many of the ideas for songs have germinated from this.''' ,'''I'm not a writer; I'm not a novelist.''' ,'''When I'm writing with Tony Iommi, for example, still it's very easy. We go in, and I know exactly what his style is. It's very distinctive, and you know exactly what he's looking for, and we know exactly where we're going from the first chord.''' ,'''I don't think anyone likes to be pushed around.''' ,'''An album represents an artist or a band or a group of musicians at any given moment in time. You just produce the music that you feel good about and hope that the audience shows some interest in it.''' ,'''We've never gone into the studio with prepared material... we never have.''' ,'''We have been called old rockers, rock pensioners, and dinosaurs.''' ,]
+++