+++
author = "Saswata Chatterjee"
title = "Saswata Chatterjee Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Saswata Chatterjee Quotes"
keywords = "saswata chatterjee,saswata chatterjee quotes,saswata chatterjee quote,saswata chatterjee sayings,saswata chatterjee saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love comedy and my characters in Sandip Ray's 'Jekhane Bhooter Bhoy' and Anik Dutta's 'Bhooter Bhobisyot' had comic elements and I enjoyed doing such roles.''' ,'''See, Independence means freedom, for me, more specifically, freedom of speech which we seem to have lost.''' ,'''Playing difficult characters is definitely challenging but playing the Mahanayak is not only difficult but one can't prepare himself for such roles as no preparation is enough for these kind of roles.''' ,'''I still can't get over Sushant Singh Rajput's demise. I got to work with him in 'Dil Bechara.' He was such a jovial and promising guy with no starry tantrums.''' ,'''If any director offers my role to some other actor just because he can't trace me, then I think the character was never meant for me.''' ,''''Damadol' is a dig at commercial cinema where I play the role of the blunt-headed producer who loves masala flicks and feels he knows everything about films.''' ,'''Like 'Ram Jaane,' 'Mon Churi' also looks at the darker side of life and encapsulates the story of human beings who live on the fringes of society. But the plots are different.''' ,'''Speaking freely can give you the basic rights of expressing your views and what you want to say without the fear of any inhibition. Unfortunately, our society doesn't give this freedom to all.''' ,'''Humor is very important as people have forgotten to laugh at themselves these days. They should not lose the funny bones.''' ,'''Even when people are watching a movie in a multiplex, they insult the film by constantly checking their phones and flashing lights. At times, even when the audience is being told to not flash their cameras, they do, and you can't do anything because it's a habit for them and they can't stop. I don't want that for myself.''' ,'''The day Bengali cinema lost touch with literature and started aping the south, the middle class audience stopped going to the cinema halls and later the larger audience too stopped going.''' ,'''My physical appearance is very average.''' ,'''Any good script makes the job of an actor easier.''' ,'''I am grateful to Robi Ghosh, who used to praise me a lot. It is because of him that I got the lead role in 'Kalpurush,' my first Hindi serial.''' ,'''Directors didn't flood me with offers because I was Subhendu's son. I had to slog to find my foothold.''' ,'''I was never interested in roles where I would have to dance and romance heroines.''' ,'''Of course, 'Kahaani' is my huge break. Lady Luck smiled at me.''' ,'''It's true I was approached for 'Heroine' but I couldn't do the film as the dates were clashing with Kamaleswar Mukherjee's film 'Meghe Dhaka Tara' based on the life of Ritwik Ghatak, where I played the lead.''' ,'''Bob has died in 'Kahaani' and so the tag should not be anymore with me now.''' ,'''I am nowhere near social media.''' ,'''Whenever it is inspired by literature a film is elevated and the audience connects.''' ,'''There have been times I have stood in for women.''' ,'''In 'Kahaani,' I did not have more than 15 minutes in the whole movie and my character has dialogues for not more than two minutes. Still,the audience remember me for that role.''' ,'''How long will we show birds and bees in love scenes? The world has moved on and we should portray intimate scenes realistically.''' ,'''My only resolution in life is to remain fit and healthy, as health is wealth.''' ,'''If I am traveling to remote places, I carry an ordinary phone because sometimes there's no option.''' ,'''In some cases, mobile phones have made people extremely unsocial. I don't like that.''' ,'''There is a huge amount of teamwork that is involved in the project which makes 'Bishprantar' extra special and very close to my heart.''' ,'''In 'Black Coffee' I am not the celluloid avatar of 'Meghe Dhaka Tara' director any more. How can you portray similar characters in two films?''' ,'''I have learnt over the years to know which camera angle makes me look better.''' ,'''What's exciting is that after all these years, I have made my Bollywood debut. And the reach of the Hindi film industry is huge.''' ,'''I am not in favor of any sequel to 'Kahaani.' Even if there is any, I don't think I will be part of that. My character in the movie is over and done with.''' ,'''I did not have to think much doing Bob Biswas in 'Kahaani.'''' ,'''My career wouldn't have taken this direction if Anjan Dutt hadn't cast me in 'Bong Connection' years back. After that, I started getting meaty roles.''' ,'''It is natural for the national audience to recognize me as an actor through 'Kahaani' because the film is in Hindi and has a far wider reach than Bengali films.''' ,'''A directors vision starts getting shape and contours as the shooting progresses and those involved in the process feel happy to see the scenes as depicted actually coming to life.''' ,'''The only problem with a TV serial is you never know where it will go.''' ,'''After all these years of Independence, after celebrating this special occasion for all these years, why there's no drinking water that's free of cost? Why we have to buy packaged mineral water?''' ,'''I grew up watching Ritwik Ghatak, Satyajit Ray and Mirnal Sen's works in my youth, which was a very turbulent phase in Bengal's history.''' ,'''Nobody knows when they sign a film that the role they are playing will be a huge hit.''' ,'''Besides, I have seen people becoming helpless when they lose their mobiles. It's actually worse than drug addiction.''' ,'''And with Sushant Singh Rajput, I never felt like he was the star of the film because of his humble nature. We used to hang out together after work.''' ,'''In fact, in childhood, I was scared to watch a film in a dark theatre.''' ,'''It is not always important that you have dialogues. How you present your role depends on the director and the cameraman; the actor also has few things to do.''' ,'''I have quite a handful of projects here in Tollygunje film industry. There are films like 'Aschorjo Prodip,' where I essay a modern day salesman, and others like Aparna Sen's 'Gaynar Baksho.' Let the audience judge me for these roles.''' ,'''I look like a typical Bengali. Whereas the qualities people were used to seeing in heroes were dance and action, which aren't really Bengali characteristics.''' ,'''If I worried about things I have missed, it would lead to depression.''' ,'''Being creative and emotional, artistes sometimes go through difficult phases in life, but one has to look at life as a bigger canvas. It's like a big journey.''' ,'''I give nod to roles only when it excites me.''' ,'''The very name of the thriller '89' suggests that there is suspense.''' ,'''I do not accept a character or a script that I do not like.''' ,'''Here in Bengal the production has to work under more pressing schedules partly caused by monetary reasons as the shooting has to be wrapped up within a limited number of days to prevent cost overrun and hence there is not much scope to rethink and alter.''' ,'''Smartphones are good but I often ask myself whether I am good enough to handle it. Like, few days ago I saw a man talking over his phone while crossing the road. And I was driving then. I was surprised to see he didn't even look at the car in front of him.''' ,'''I will only sign on the dotted line if I feel my role is meaningful.''' ,'''I don't want to be stuck with one character in my film career.''' ,'''When I came to know that director Sujoy Ghosh wanted me for a role in a Hindi film, I was very surprised. I had never met him before.''' ,'''Cellphones are very addictive. Even if one goes to rehab to get rid of this addiction, it's not going to work.''' ,'''I do not use computer much, but I am slowly becoming aware of the popularity of Bob Biswas and the jokes on the Internet. I feel like Alice in Wonderland, it's a dream which might end someday.''' ,'''Having payesh and five types of vegetable fries is a must in our house on birthdays. It is a kind of ritual.''' ,'''I am surprised that everyone loves a criminal. It amazes me and I really don't know how to react to it. Bob Biswas has become some sort of an idol, which is interesting because such a thing has happened for the first time.''' ,'''I lead a simple lifestyle but that doesn't mean I am a foolish simpleton!''' ,'''Sometimes I ask myself if I'm accepting too many films.''' ,'''Nobody can say 'I am going to make a hit movie.' That is the interesting part of our career.''' ,'''The secret lies in the actor's personal satisfaction. How can the audience be moved by a character the actor himself does not believe in?''' ,'''After 'Kahaani,' I received a lot of offers for similar roles - from Hindi as well as Bengali filmmakers. But I didn't want a repeat performance of Bob.''' ,'''I think from 'Hemanta' to 'Eagler Chokh' and 'Natoker Mato' in between, there has been Shakespearean touch in Bengali films and that is because Bengalis are hooked to theater.''' ,'''I don't actually need a phone because wherever I go, it's always pre-planned. I have never faced problems for not using a mobile phone, maybe because I am still not used to checking WhatsApp messages.''' ,'''It is television which has made Saswata Chatterjee. TV as a medium of entertainment cannot and should not be belittled by a film actor.''' ,'''In every profession there might be some who think they have been ditched. But we have to come out of this mental state. Don't let this stay in your mind for long.''' ,'''I have introduced my daughter to the literary classics and landmark Bengali films. I want her to be well-versed in English but not at the cost of Bengali.''' ,'''It's true that I am not an active social media user.''' ,'''Recently, I did the Bengali film 'Rang Milanti,' directed by Kaushik Ganguly. I think my role in that is much better than in 'Kahaani.'''' ,'''Sitting through the whole experience of your face turning into somebody else's, you become part of the character.''' ,'''I know there are some good sides of social media but I am scared of getting addicted to the mobile screen.''' ,'''Long drives are stress-busters for me.''' ,'''Bengali film has again moved from the insipid, lackluster contents to rich, varied ones.''' ,'''I have to grab audience attention even if I don't last beyond 2-3 minutes before the camera.''' ,'''It's been some time now, but I still feel I am living a dream. It'll take time to register.''' ,'''If I'm out for a shoot, I provide someone else's number to my family for any emergency. Otherwise, I have a landline at home.''' ,'''I've spent my entire life in Kolkata. My nine-year-old daughter, Hiya, studies here. My wife Mohua is a teacher.''' ,'''I don't think an actor should have any particular image, and that's the reason I would not ever take up a similar role again.''' ,'''I am looking forward to doing roles in Hindi films but have to watch my step.''' ,'''I love and enjoy playing characters with a comic streak.''' ,'''I have earlier played Ritwik Ghatak on screen. It was one of the toughest roles.''' ,'''See, there are just that many in 'character' roles that you can get. So I will wait for something mind-blowing to come my way.''' ,'''Everything will follow if you are physically and mentally fit.''' ,'''Acting is the only profession in the world where you can travel and see various places without having to spend money from your own pocket.''' ,'''I would love to play a deaf-mute in a film.''' ,'''The first condition for comedy is that if you laugh at your own jokes, others won't laugh. You have to say something funny very seriously.''' ,'''For me, saying 'I love you' is the same as unbuttoning the heroine's kurti.''' ,'''Unlike in the past, when acting in parallel cinema entailed hitting film festival circuits even not fully comprehending the story thread at times, directors are more intent to tailor present day films for the audiences, while introducing fresh concept and craft.''' ,'''I had directed some tele films years ago.''' ,'''See, a villain takes the story forward. If everything centers around nice people, then there will be no twists and turns.''' ,'''We have to be cautious, we can't let negativity spread like wildfire.''' ,'''I didn't have the privilege to enter the industry just because my father is Subhendu Chatterjee. I am nowhere near my father's charismatic look. I chose this profession out of my passion for acting.''' ,'''The phone will always ring. If I leave it even for a moment and go some where, by the time I come back there will be at least 50 missed calls. I will then get confused as to who to call and who not to, so it's simpler to live with out a cellphone.''' ,'''During my adolescent years, I watched a lot of theatre. I had the habit of enacting every scene I saw in front of the mirror.''' ,'''I am no more solely counted for comic or villain roles, which comes more often in mainstream, masala films.''' ,'''Once I went to watch 'Hatari' with my Mama and there was a rhino attack scene where I cried so much that they had to take me back home at interval.''' ,'''I can't run away from my prior commitments in Tollywood just because I have an offer from Bollywood.''' ,]
+++