+++
author = "Grace Helbig"
title = "Grace Helbig Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Grace Helbig Quotes"
keywords = "grace helbig,grace helbig quotes,grace helbig quote,grace helbig sayings,grace helbig saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to make videos that, if I didn't know myself, I'd want to watch. As long as I'm making myself laugh, I'm usually having a good time. That's how I know I've made a video that I'm proud of: I've made myself laugh.''' ,'''I can at least hearken to a time when I didn't have a cell phone, where I had to call my mom after movies collect from a pay phone, and when they said, 'State your name,' I'd say, 'Mom, pick me up,' and hang up the phone.''' ,'''I did six internships, even though I was only allowed to do one. I had a paper with my advisor's signature on it that I would just forward for every new internship. I didn't get school credit, but I got away with giving free labor to everyone.''' ,'''After doing a total of five years of 'Daily Grace,' you kind of get burned out on doing the same thing over and over again, so I am allowing myself to not have totally any specific structure.''' ,'''I had this idea that being an introvert was a negative thing, that it had a negative connotation, and I really wanted, as a young person, to strive to be the life of the party and to be really outgoing and to have a million friends. And then I realized that an introvert isn't a negative.''' ,'''I have terrible taste in things: music, movies, TV shows. I love all the guilty pleasures: Bravo, 'Real Housewives.'''' ,'''The Internet is a very intimate entertainment experience. I'm in my own apartment talking to people, and I want them to feel like they're with me in my apartment. So if I'm listening to them and taking ideas from them and being honest with how I'm feeling, it resonates even more that we're having a real, actual conversation.''' ,'''A lot of YouTubers, because they have such pride in what they do, have a negative connotation towards television. I don't feel that way. I feel like it's another medium to reach a broader audience.''' ,'''I imagine 'Daily Grace' as, like, your awkward older sister who tries to give you advice.''' ,'''Growing up, I didn't have older sisters or many strong female role models to look up to. Being an adult now and looking back, I realize how much I wanted someone like that.''' ,'''My first sketch-writing class was with Kevin Allison from 'The State.' It was so cool.''' ,'''I'm not so interested in what movie a celebrity is promoting or what television show might be premiering. I'm more interested in, 'Does Channing Tatum know how to do laundry?' I guess the more simple, personal sides of people.''' ,'''The content of your character will come from how you respond to your failures.''' ,'''I hope what's different for not only the channel 'It's Grace' 2014, but for the brand overall, is I hope to continue to expand into other areas of creative content and original content. We have 'Camp Takota' coming out on Valentine's Day - we're all so pumped for it! It's so exciting!''' ,'''I've always had an appetite for creating in some capacity.''' ,'''It's insanely difficult to ask an audience to go somewhere other than YouTube to watch videos.''' ,'''You can only be independently creative for so long until your brain burns out.''' ,'''My dad was an insane workaholic, and watching his work ethic gave me a lot of motivation.''' ,'''As for my friends, I do have friends that aren't in the entertainment world at all but do interact on social media. I think that's an innate human thing now, to connect via those channels.''' ,'''Be the weirdest little weird in all Weird Town.''' ,'''I want to do whatever people allow me to do with great people and have a great time doing it.''' ,'''I had started in the comedy world in a more traditional way. I was auditioning for TV, film, and commercials while I was making these Web videos from my house.''' ,'''I realize I've had this spirit-animal relationship with sweatpants. In a past life, I probably was a pair of sweatpants. There's something beautifully simple but highly underestimated about them.''' ,'''Being friends with Hannah Hart has been a huge asset in helping me create better content and just becoming a person that I like. So make an effort to find people who inspire you, intimidate you in a positive way, and support you as much as you support them.''' ,'''All the kids are freaking out about Snapchat, so I'm hoping to trick them into thinking I know how to use it, too.''' ,'''If anything, being a female has afforded me opportunities on YouTube that I necessarily didn't have in doing traditional comedy and auditioning in TV and film and that whole world.''' ,'''I used to do improv in New York, and it was sort of embarrassing to tell people that I was the Web video girl and having to explain that was a viable form of entertainment.''' ,'''At some point, we all reach that moment where it's such a waste of energy to act as if you know things that you really don't. It's really kind of liberating to be okay with that.''' ,'''I think if you ask people why they watch me, there would be some common thread among all of them that I'm somewhat of an awkward older sister. I have a teen, mostly female demographic. How that happened, I don't know. But I think they see me as some sort of bizarre role model, and I'll keep trying to do that for them.''' ,'''When I started 'DailyGrace,' I was dating a 26-year-old guy I thought was the funniest person in the world. My creation process every day was imagining him watching my videos and wondering, 'Will he laugh at this?' But somehow that's turned into an audience that's mostly 15-year-old girls.''' ,'''I hate auditioning; it makes me more nervous than anything ever, and I always feel like I wasted my time and I could have been creating my own thing. With the Internet, you have so much freedom that 'gatekeepers' make me terrified.''' ,'''I've built a comedy brand for myself that is, one, really satisfying and fulfilling personally and, two, has been able to cultivate this young female audience that's hungry for knowledge, information, and entertainment.''' ,'''I had done some small-sketch stuff in college, and at that time, Tina Fey was becoming a heavy influence on my life and my world. I decided I wanted to do what she was doing.''' ,'''As ridiculous as I think the fashion and beauty industry is, I'm wildly obsessed with it.''' ,'''Vlogging started as a hobby - something I was partaking in purely for fun - and has now become a career, and that feels almost like an impossible reality.''' ,'''TV has been my goal since before I started YouTube.''' ,'''I obviously try to avoid racism, because that's one thing that I should not be putting on to the Internet.''' ,'''We're all going to die someday - we might as well have fun.''' ,'''When I've done somewhat scripted stuff, it feels a little flat. It feels like there's not much life behind it.''' ,'''Winning 'Best Vlogger of 2013' from MTV is a really wonderful honor, and I wanted to thank all of you out there that used your fingers and clicked a button and made this happen, and to all of you that accidentally clicked my name and you were trying to click Jack and Finn, I'm sorry.''' ,'''I think you have to be passionate about what you're doing. It's easier said than done, but you just have to start.''' ,]
+++