+++
author = "Maren Morris"
title = "Maren Morris Quotes"
quotes_len = "122"
description = "the best 122 Maren Morris Quotes"
keywords = "maren morris,maren morris quotes,maren morris quote,maren morris sayings,maren morris saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's hard to say exactly when it all started or what show it was, but I started touring when I was 11. I played all over Dallas and Fort Worth, and eventually I was touring the whole state.''' ,'''A lot of new artists, especially girl artists, feel pressure to be so 'media perfect' and 'trained.' I'm intelligent, but I don't like hearing regurgitated answers in interviews that sound so rehearsed.''' ,'''There's not a lot of good content to write about when you're 13 years old, so you just have to kind of fake it.''' ,'''I'm not in the teenybopper bracket, and I'm not in the 30-plus bracket. The fan response has been really widespread, age-wise.''' ,'''I drive to clear my mind, like many people do. It's like, once you get in the car, whatever song you put on, it's so symbiotic. Your mood could change in a second.''' ,'''I love, love songs, but sometimes it's okay to just be young and talk about something other than getting married or falling in love.''' ,'''I care about women's rights and reproductive rights and my gay friends being able to keep their marriages official. You don't want your genre to disown you for it - and I don't think they would now - but you still see that sort of hatred and vitriol that comes with disagreeing with the conservative agenda.''' ,'''I'm young, but I've been doing this a long time... There's obviously a lot of hard work that goes into it. It's a hard town. There's a lot of talent here. It's all about timing, too. I just feel like I finally found the right town and the right song.''' ,'''I'm just getting back into my songwriting groove. It's still pretty early. But I don't want to make 'Hero 2.' It's going to be different.''' ,'''To turn the radio on and hear so much more diversity, it's so refreshing. That voice that cuts through what you've been hearing, it's inspiring.''' ,'''There's no real high like finishing a new song, playing it a thousand times in your car, and freaking out with your co-writers.''' ,'''I've learned how to be a better performer on stage and interact with the fans, make it feel like a collective experience more than just me singing songs on a stage and feeling really detached.''' ,'''It's a pipe dream, but for me, I've always wanted a Tesla. I would never have to go to a gas station.''' ,'''I feel like it's improving a little bit as we go on, but I've never been to Lilith Fair. It always seemed so cool that it was started by women, for women, and it was a safe place to go and hear all of your favorite female acts in one space.''' ,'''You need someone there that gets what you're going through.''' ,'''You either have to sing about being scorned by a lover or sing about thinking a boy is cute and wanting him to notice you. That's about as edgy as you can get.''' ,'''My songs have some street talk in them, but that's the way I talk and the way a lot of people I know talk.''' ,'''There's no grace period between album one and album two.''' ,'''I think about the people that I've seen change because they believed in their own hype. I just never want that to happen to me.''' ,'''Maybe someday there will be a song I write that I never let see the light of day because I don't want it to be uncontainable and have to play it again. And I have written songs like that that are just for me. It's like writing a letter to someone you're angry at but never sending it and just putting it in a drawer.''' ,'''There are so many times I turn on the radio, and I hear a guy, and I have no idea who it is because it sounds like four other people.''' ,'''As a touring musician over the last 15 years, before streaming and iPods, you had to listen to terrestrial radio wherever you were. That's always been my way of connecting to a location. Turn on the radio, search through the dial.''' ,'''I'm a huge country fan and am always inspired by classic country.''' ,'''When you walk off the stage, I think the end point is that you enjoyed yourself. I get to say that almost every time - either I made a few new fans or something resonated.''' ,'''Being on the stage is the one place I don't get nervous. Before the show is another story, but once I'm up there, and the first chord hits, I go to this other place. It's like a dream land.''' ,'''Don't forget to celebrate. When I was first coming up, everything was so serious - we were always rushing to get to the next thing - that we didn't take the time to say, 'Man, look what we did just now.'''' ,'''I feel like when I get into most rooms, melodies come really easily to me, and they sound good in my head. I never really know until I hear the song back and it's finished if it actually is good.''' ,'''I thought there was a glitch when they told me that in two or three weeks 'My Church' hit a million streams.''' ,'''I internalize a lot of thoughts, and sometimes it seems like I'm not listening or totally zoned out, but I'm always on a loop of ideas and song titles. I'm definitely kind of a space cadet, but I'm very laid back.''' ,'''It's funny to think that at 22 years old, I was really burned out from being on the road for 10 years.''' ,'''I'm a control freak, even though I can be scatterbrained off stage. The only way I can have fun is if I know where everything is.''' ,'''When it comes to best new artist or album or song of the year, yeah, it's very rare that you see someone in country win one of those. It's a very strong genre, and it's got roots so deep in our culture. I think the pool of voters listen more to pop and R&B and hip-hop. Those seem to be the major contenders.''' ,'''I learned to write from different points of view and not just something I would say.''' ,'''There are the aesthetic pressures for a woman to be pretty and sexy, but not sexual or have desires beyond winning a guy's affections.''' ,'''It seems like almost every day I've been able to cross things off my bucket list.''' ,'''Obviously, writing together is very intimate because it's sort of acting where you need to get to a really deep place to get the most emotional song.''' ,'''Nashville has become sort of this go-to writing city for every genre.''' ,'''The songwriting community in Nashville really is all about your talent. It's not about your image, and you have to be humble. You have to be kind. You have to have zero ego when you walk into that writing room.''' ,'''I've always had an ear for melodies, and they veer pop. My lyrics are more country - what I love is the storytelling and the structure, how tight the rhymes can be. But pop melodies have always been intrinsically linked to my writing style.''' ,'''Definitely scatterbrained. I internalize a lot of thoughts, and sometimes it seems like I'm not listening or totally zoned out, but I'm always on a loop of ideas and song titles. I'm definitely kind of a space cadet, but I'm very laid back.''' ,'''It definitely is an ice breaker going into the awards already having one, and it was just so crazy when I heard I did win because I was in London at the time, and we were doing a festival out there, and my manager was like, 'You just won an ACM.' And I was like, 'How? It's so early!'''' ,'''It's such a changing industry, and I realize that it's become more digital- and singles-driven, but I still love listening to a full record. It's the artist's story captured in 12 or 15 songs.''' ,'''I'm not this bright-eyed 17-year-old that got signed to a label and is listening to all these suits tell them the best plan of action.''' ,'''I missed being onstage behind the microphone. After a while, it was hard to hear another voice singing my lyrics.''' ,'''This never happens, but I was writing with my friend Ryan Hurd and Eric Arjes, and we wrote this song called 'Last Turn Home.' The next day, my publisher emailed it to Tim McGraw's label. He listened to it, and I think within the week, he went into the studio and recorded it. And that never happens.''' ,'''If I got dropped tomorrow or every single I released from now on tanked, I'd be devastated, but I'd also still be doing this. I'd still be writing songs. I'd still be recording them. I was doing that for four years in Nashville. This is just on a larger stage.''' ,'''I love listening to the radio because there's something about that discovery, that platform, still being the main medium. And it is changing with streaming services, but I like to listen to what people are listening to and figure out why is this song so catchy.''' ,'''I love pop music, I love country music.''' ,'''When I look at most lineups, especially in country, women are definitely lacking in numbers.''' ,'''I've paved this road myself, and no one else has walked it the same exact way that I have. There are people that helped kick the door in, but it's really satisfying to be in a place where you know who you are and you've figured yourself out.''' ,'''I think more guys should wake up and realize we're equal. You don't have to take care of me.''' ,'''I feel like, genre-wise, the walls are coming down in Nashville. There are so many writers who have moved to town from all walks of life. There's this immense respect for country, but there are pop songwriters, R&B. Nashville has become sort of this go-to writing city for every genre.''' ,'''I grew up listening to a lot of classic country, and I think that shows in my songwriting.''' ,'''That's the whole point is just to bring people together in a really positive way and laugh together and cry together and just be connected through a simple thing of a few chords.''' ,'''The songs will come as they come, and I'm excited because I haven't gotten to be really creative in a while. I'm excited to get back and do what I do and just write a song.''' ,'''I was 14, and I played this club that's no longer there because it was poorly managed: the Texas Tea House in Fort Worth.''' ,'''I want to be as gracious and thankful as I can because it has been a long road.''' ,'''As a songwriter, I listen to everything to be inspired... from Rihanna to Bruno Mars to Springsteen to Johnny Cash.''' ,'''I'm not trying to dog any artist or genre, but to me, there is a lot of diversity missing from the radio. I miss turning the radio on and getting punched in the soul with a great lyric.''' ,'''I love dry British humor. I love to sketch in my off time. I love tequila.''' ,'''There's Kelsea Ballerini, myself... Lauren Alaina, Raelynn, and there's been this influx of really amazing artists who happen to be women. I think I'm not really attached to the females in country conversation as much anymore, but I think, you know, we're here to stay, and we've always been here, and we've always been good.''' ,'''I would love to see Regina Spektor, Bjork, and some really cool-sounding festival bands like 'Metric' and 'The Cardigans,' who are one of my favorite bands.''' ,'''Right before I go out, we usually put on some Lauryn Hill or Fugees, and I'll do a shot of tequila just to calm my nerves.''' ,'''Enjoy every moment because it is so good and just a testament to all the work you've put in.''' ,'''I just love when girls rock short hair, because they can't hide behind anything. I feel more empowered with short hair.''' ,'''I don't know if there's something in the water in Texas, but there's a lot of us really ballsy women that have something to say.''' ,'''In Texas, it's legal for a kid to be in a bar with your parents.''' ,'''Every time I've seen Sheryl Crow perform, it's like effortless perfection. She's so relaxed onstage, but she's really locked into the music and having fun. Vocally, I've always looked up to her.''' ,'''Ever since the Dixie Chicks, the female perspective on country radio has been love songs. I love love songs, but we do have more to talk about, so it's nice that other perspectives are coming back.''' ,'''I always go back to old vinyl albums I loved, and that's sort of the aim I had with 'Hero' - just to make it look classic and feel like me, but also timeless in a way.''' ,'''You can't be rolling into town with stars in your eyes. A lot of people get to Nashville and immediately start selling themselves: 'Let's go to lunch and talk about the business!' Then you realize everyone is talented here.''' ,'''I love playing with my dog and just sitting on the patio with people I don't get to see very often anymore. I'm a pretty simple gal.''' ,'''I think I've learned how to be a better boss. I'm the one running the show now, and in the past, I've always kind of been looking at other people to make the decisions. I feel more confident to run not just my show, but behind the scenes, too.''' ,'''I don't want to get political here, but everything I've heard out of Donald Trump is definitely, um, shocking. The fact that he's got women fans is very alarming to me, because some of the stuff that has come out of his mouth is just so awful.''' ,'''I've never been this loud personality. I don't dominate the room when I walk into it. I save that for stage.''' ,'''Being the everyman in the writing room helps a lot: you have to be a real collaborator and selfless, and not have ego when you walk in there. That's the antithesis of the artist mentality.''' ,'''I'm just so used to music videos or live TV, so to really see something that's scripted and you have to do it over and over again to get every angle - it's fascinating to me. I would love to do a little acting.''' ,'''Texas is really special in that we have our own music scene, our own music chart. It's almost a genre on its own. It feels like you can make a great living just touring the state because it's so big, but eventually, I wanted a new challenge.''' ,'''A really big thing I've learned - and I think it's so liberating - is when you realize no one knows what they're doing.''' ,'''Just to be nominated, and especially as a new artist and a female artist, is a feat. Winning anything is just a bonus.''' ,'''I just love Dolly so much, and Loretta. They both are songwriters that knew what they wanted to say; they were bucking a system.''' ,'''I'll just drive around if I'm stuck on something or have a case of writer's block.''' ,'''I was rejected from 'American Idol' - and I'm happier for it now.''' ,'''Performing with Thomas Rhett our song 'Craving You,' I'm so excited for the fans to see it and sort of see our worlds come together because I feel like he's sort of a genre pusher and boundary pusher, and I feel the same way about my music.''' ,'''With streaming services, the walls have come down a bit on genres. So I never really set out to make a country record or a pop record. I just wanted to make it mine.''' ,'''I get a lot of my songwriting done while driving around Nashville - sometimes it comes to me that way.''' ,'''I always get less nervous when we get into rehearsals because it just gives me a better idea of how it's gonna go.''' ,'''Sheryl Crow. I loved her 'Tuesday Night Music Club.' She expressed her own point of view, and she wasn't trying to be like anyone else, and I loved that. That's been the thinking of all my favorite artists.''' ,'''When I was touring in Texas, that was before iPods and Spotify. Driving around through towns, I had to, out of necessity, scroll the radio. Whatever region of the country you are in, that's a great way to find out what they listen to. You find music wherever you are, and that becomes the soundtrack for whatever your road trip is.''' ,'''My lyrics are more country - what I love is the storytelling and the structure, how tight the rhymes can be. But pop melodies have always been intrinsically linked to my writing style.''' ,'''Even though I was playing myself on 'NCIS,' it was so cool to see how everything works behind a camera.''' ,'''I have a Prius, but I'd love to have a white convertible like Richard Gere's in 'American Gigolo.'''' ,'''I started to see this common theme with the songs that I was writing or co-writing, and it all had this really strong, independent point of view that I had subconsciously been craving from the music scene.''' ,'''If I had been thrown out into a radio tour when I was 18, or 17, and given a record deal, I don't think... it would have been a total nightmare.''' ,'''Food is always a favorite on my docket when I go somewhere.''' ,'''The art of songwriting is just stumbling your way to something really special, and you don't know what you're going to write until you are writing it. There is no formula. And, sometimes, you really have to work at it and hunker down.''' ,'''I hope there is a place for me in the country landscape, but I'm not too precious about it, either.''' ,'''At my shows, I've been fortunate to see every walk of life.''' ,'''The support I've had from home has made it so much more fun to put music out.''' ,'''I think if you listen to my album, you could probably gather that I am not the most gung-ho conservative-ideology-leaning person.''' ,'''There are so many fun things that you live that you can write about and people of all ages can connect to.''' ,'''If you think about 'The Pill' by Loretta, that was totally blacklisted back then. But she revolutionized and liberated a generation of women - country listeners and beyond - that were sort of in that box and were able to break out of it.''' ,'''I did choir, soccer, some theater. The only weird thing about my life was that I was playing honky-tonks on the weekends.''' ,'''Even when a drunk guy, a program director, was slurring his words and telling me what to do with my career, I didn't react to him in a negative way. You kind of have to joke back with them to put them in their place.''' ,'''As a songwriter, I feel like, just for inspiration and research purposes, I have to listen to everything.''' ,'''A lot of new artists sign their deal and then go into a development stage for a year or two or sometimes never get out of it. For me, because I had been a working songwriter in town, I had a collection of songs that I was ready to make into an album. At the time, I didn't realize it was becoming an album, but it was.''' ,'''I think about all of the freaking talent shows I've tried out for in my life, and I'm so glad I didn't make any of them.''' ,'''I'm a '90s kid, so I loved 'NSync and the Spice Girls.''' ,''''My Church' - that was really the tipping point of me going from songwriter to artist.''' ,'''Fine arts education in public schools is really abysmal. The same emphasis should be put on music, theater, dance - anything creative - that's put on math and science.''' ,'''I remember thinking the Nineties were uncool: 'I landed in the generation where nothing happens.'''' ,'''It's not my aim to be this, like, 'savior for females.' I just want to make good music.''' ,'''I've written some really good songs that I love hungover because I wasn't overthinking it.''' ,'''My scope on what's good is if I like it. The first person I have to please is myself.''' ,''''Mr. Misunderstood' - that whole album is incredible and just has amazing songwriting.''' ,'''I love love songs, but sometimes it's okay to just be young and talk about something other than getting married or falling in love. There are so many fun things that you live that you can write about and people of all ages can connect to.''' ,'''I love all types of music, and I think the genre lines are starting to get thinner every year.''' ,'''I didn't grow up around a lot of souped-up automobiles. I love my Prius.''' ,'''I wanted to become a better songwriter, so it seemed like a no-brainer to move to Nashville, where some of the best writers in the world live.''' ,'''I think I just knew in my head there was something special about 'My Church,' and getting to accept a Grammy for it was just proof that I made the right decision.''' ,'''They say it can all change with one song, and in my case, that rings very true, I was shocked that it happened this quickly.''' ,'''I didn't move to Nashville with any inkling or dreams of getting a record deal. I didn't have those stars in my eyes. I just wanted to take a break, relax, and figure out songwriting.''' ,]
+++