+++
author = "Jean-Michel Basquiat"
title = "Jean-Michel Basquiat Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Jean-Michel Basquiat Quotes"
keywords = "jean-michel basquiat,jean-michel basquiat quotes,jean-michel basquiat quote,jean-michel basquiat sayings,jean-michel basquiat saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life.''' ,'''If I'm away from painting for a week, I get bored.''' ,'''The more I paint the more I like everything.''' ,'''I have a painting where somebody's holding a chicken, and underneath the chicken is somebody's head.''' ,'''Believe it or not, I can actually draw.''' ,'''My favorite Twombly is 'Apollo and the Artist,' with the big 'Apollo' written across it.''' ,'''I was a really lousy artist as a kid. Too abstract expressionist; or I'd draw a big ram's head, really messy. I'd never win painting contests. I remember losing to a guy who did a perfect Spiderman.''' ,'''I'm not a real person. I'm a legend.''' ,'''I was a cute kid.''' ,'''The country makes me more paranoid, you know? I think the crazy people out there are little crazier.''' ,'''The black person is the protagonist in most of my paintings. I realized that I didn't see many paintings with black people in them.''' ,'''I wanted to build up a name for myself.''' ,'''I played a guitar with a file, and a synthesizer.''' ,'''For a while, I was drawing on good paper, but now I've gone back to the bad stuff. I put matte medium on it. If you put matte medium on it, it seals up, so it doesn't really matter.''' ,'''There are about 30 words around you all the time, like 'thread' or 'exit.'''' ,'''Charles Saatchi has never liked my work at all.''' ,'''I start a picture and I finish it.''' ,'''I like kids' work more than work by real artists any day.''' ,'''Medicine men live in caves.''' ,'''Since I was seventeen I thought I might be a star. I'd think about all my heroes, Charlie Parker, Jimi Hendrix... I had a romantic feeling about how these people became famous.''' ,'''I thought I was going to be a bum the rest of my life.''' ,'''Some days I can't get an idea, and I think, 'Man, I'm just washed up,' but it's just a mood.''' ,'''I wanted to be a cartoonist when I was young.''' ,'''I am not a black artist, I am an artist.''' ,'''I wanted to be a star, not a gallery mascot.''' ,'''I have done only two portraits: one of the artist Francesco Clemente and another of Andy Warhol.''' ,'''I don't listen to what art critics say. I don't know anybody who needs a critic to find out what art is.''' ,'''I had some money, I made the best paintings ever. I was completely reclusive, worked a lot, took a lot of drugs. I was awful to people.''' ,'''I want to make paintings that look as if they were made by a child.''' ,'''Occasionally, when I get mad at a woman, I'll do some great, awful painting about her.''' ,'''I had very few friends. There was nobody I could trust. I left home when I was fifteen. I lived in Washington Square Park.''' ,'''My basic influence had probably been Peter Max.''' ,]
+++