+++
author = "Robby Mook"
title = "Robby Mook Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Robby Mook Quotes"
keywords = "robby mook,robby mook quotes,robby mook quote,robby mook sayings,robby mook saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love Greek history. I love Roman history.''' ,'''Where I grew up in Vermont, there is no municipal garbage removal. You have to bring your trash to the dump every weekend. Something like three hours on Saturday morning, the entire town goes in. It is actually a very efficient place to do politics. I would go to the garbage dump, get petitions signed, give out literature, talk to voters.''' ,'''A lot of campaign lexicon is very militaristic - even the term 'campaign.'''' ,'''Bill de Blasio is a very good friend. I remember bringing up a whole caravan of cars to help volunteer on his Public Advocate race.''' ,'''90 percent of the cost of malaria drugs has come down because of the work of the Clinton Foundation. There are over 10 million people around the globe today receiving life-saving HIV and AIDS drug treatments because of the Clinton Foundation.''' ,'''My earliest memory campaigning was going to the dump to get petition signatures or handing out literature.''' ,'''I think good campaigns generally, but I think particularly presidential campaigns, they're about the voters, and they're about the future. And I think it's hard to be a successful candidate who talks about the future who isn't hopeful, who isn't optimistic, and doesn't offer a vision, right?''' ,'''I think the voters are going to see a stark difference between steady leadership from Secretary Clinton, a depth of experience, and ill-temperament and poor judgment from Donald Trump; that's what they've seen this entire campaign. We welcome these debates.''' ,'''We look at Donald Trump: his bottom line is interconnected to all kinds of financial interests that he refuses to disclose. They actually affect his net worth.''' ,]
+++