+++
author = "Offset"
title = "Offset Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Offset Quotes"
keywords = "offset,offset quotes,offset quote,offset sayings,offset saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The bigger the crowd and the more hyped they are, the more hyped I am.''' ,'''We had an era where we wasn't getting paid, before the 'Versace' and all that.''' ,'''We willing to work with anybody that wants to work with us. It's open arms. It ain't no hating on no situation.''' ,'''You can never forget God. If you forget God, he's gon' forget you.''' ,'''A lot of times when people get copied, they get copied and washed out. But you can't even duplicate how we do it because it's just so genuine. It's just us.''' ,'''The streets will get you in jail.''' ,'''I ain't get the opportunity to get coached until being a star.''' ,'''Offset is a boss.''' ,'''That's what I need to work on - my charisma in front of people.''' ,'''You got to grow up and mature when you see you've got something going for real.''' ,'''My style Offset. Straight up Offset. Ain't nobody like me. It's who I am.''' ,'''I need all my kids to be educated and wealthy.''' ,'''I don't like to discuss my investments.''' ,'''300 was the biggest hurdle. They tried to hold us against our will.''' ,'''You gotta flex. You gotta look good, bro. Especially coming from the outskirts and wanting to take over the whole Atlanta.''' ,'''Our music is a get-up music. Get you up music, uplift your spirit. That's what I'm trying to give you.''' ,'''I stay away from the studio too long, I feel like I'm abandoning myself.''' ,'''I got kicked out of all Gwinnett schools 'cause I got in a fight, and I had to go to military school.''' ,'''My brothers kept me relevant. They got my back 100%. After all the times I've been incarcerated, they've always had my back.''' ,'''My style is like no other.''' ,'''I want to have generational money.''' ,'''See, 'Bad and Boujee' was really a ladies' record. It made all of them want to stand up a little more and feel a little better about themselves.''' ,'''I believe in God. Spirit, I'm big time on that.''' ,'''The watch everybody rap about, I have in real life.''' ,'''My mama was the man of my household.''' ,'''You know how a machine is built to do one thing and one thing only? Well, the Migos machine is built to make the hits! No matter how it come out, it's gonna be a hit!''' ,'''Guys, fellas! You'll lose your wife trying to stop them from being the best they can.''' ,'''When you get a blessing, you pass it on.''' ,'''If you started listening to me in the same time we started rapping, we're aging together.''' ,''''Bad and Boujee' connects with everybody.''' ,'''God do everything for a reason.''' ,'''Most people don't make it to a second album.''' ,'''I gotta keep my wordplay and make sure I don't lose nothing.''' ,'''It's a blessing to have people to support you from across the world.''' ,'''We like to get money. Whoever wants to work with us and make some money, let's do it.''' ,'''A lot of groups, they get put together. But we don't even think of each other as a group. I don't think I'm in a group with two other guys, where I don't know their moms and their grandmas, their aunties, and I don't know where they came from. This is my immediate family. These are the only people I know. That's why we be around each other so much.''' ,'''To all my fans, I love y'all. I wouldn't have made it without you.''' ,'''I feel like hip-hop is the new pop because it has a lot of influence because of our culture.''' ,'''We've got songs for the women, songs for when you're going through things.''' ,'''I've never had a stylist or anything. I don't let people style me.''' ,'''He was a king that had everything, and he lost it all but still had faith. So God blessed him with 10 times more. When I was in jail, like Solomon, I didn't understand why I was going through what I was going through. I was on the right path. Wasn't riding dirty. Then I got trapped in this hole. So I reached to the Word.''' ,'''I don't want to be one of those rappers who had it, but right now they be on a TV show to keep them going. I would rather be out the scene, getting my money on Bitcoin.''' ,]
+++