+++
author = "Richard Ayoade"
title = "Richard Ayoade Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Richard Ayoade Quotes"
keywords = "richard ayoade,richard ayoade quotes,richard ayoade quote,richard ayoade sayings,richard ayoade saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As in, I think 'Badlands' is one of the funniest films of all time: 'Every day I wish I was carried off to a magical land, but that never happened' is one of the funniest lines in any film.''' ,'''I was directing before I started doing 'The IT Crowd.' It wasn't something that led on after acting I guess. I was sort of doing this stuff before acting.''' ,'''I suppose I sort of like effects that have some organic elements rather than ones that are entirely generated by a computer. Just because, no matter how complex the algorithm is, it's still an algorithm.''' ,'''I'm not sure I'd hire myself in anything. I certainly couldn't be an actor. That would be terrible. For everyone.''' ,'''A lot of comedies are based on the reaction shot. You have one person doing something stupid and one person is generally the straight man, and the laughs generally come on the reaction of the straight man to the funny thing the other person has done.''' ,'''I don't really know what my personality is anyway. I don't really have one.''' ,'''Louis Malle is maybe one of my favorite directors, but I love Tarantino.''' ,'''I'm not good at watching myself.''' ,'''I'm just terrible. At talking. With words.''' ,'''I've only ever really been in shows of friends, so I don't know exactly what happened. I think I'm incredibly cheap to hire. That can buy some traction. I'm as cheap as it's possible for an actor to be legally.''' ,'''No. I really don't think I'm cool. I'm not.''' ,'''I actually prefer night shoots to days. I prefer being up. It's easier for me. I'm more of a night person.''' ,'''My parents didn't go to university and weren't brought up in England. They hadn't heard of any other universities other than 'Cambridge' or 'Oxford.'''' ,'''The act of seeing any film generally is you knowing more than the characters, even if it's the classic Hitchcock shot of two people talking and a bomb being under the table. Part of the pleasure of it is seeing where people go wrong, and the irony of situations.''' ,'''I like Roy Orbison's video for 'I Drove All Night' because it's so literal. It is just a man driving throughout the night. I like that silliness. To be in a video is a ridiculous thing. It's almost impossible to do it without any humour.''' ,'''I find performing very difficult. It's difficult to be a good actor. I get very nervous, even though it sounds disingenuous, because you could legitimately go, 'Well, why do it?'''' ,]
+++