+++
author = "Stewart Rahr"
title = "Stewart Rahr Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Stewart Rahr Quotes"
keywords = "stewart rahr,stewart rahr quotes,stewart rahr quote,stewart rahr sayings,stewart rahr saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just feel that I'm compelled; that I have a responsibility to give back to those less fortunate.''' ,'''In the small remaining journey of life that I have left, I want to choose who I want to be with and to hang around.''' ,'''What does legacy mean? I never think or go there.''' ,'''I'm just a regular guy.''' ,'''I have so much. Why did it all happen to me? There has to be a reason.''' ,'''Whether there is spec buying or not is not the greatest factor in the high cost of pharmaceuticals.''' ,'''Every day I am on this Earth, I will do all I can for so many important causes.''' ,'''Purple and yellow are my colors.''' ,'''I just have so few sunrises left, and I want to be happy.''' ,'''For 42 years, I worked nonstop from 7 A.M. to 5 P.M., day in and day out.''' ,'''I'm blessed to have these billions of dollars.''' ,'''As you know, I'm all about victory for the underdog.''' ,'''I put the 'fun' in fund-raising and the 'rah' in Israel.''' ,'''Happiness just doesn't happen. You have to force yourself.''' ,'''I have yellow post-it notes plastered all over my office - they help me stay organized.''' ,'''Joining forces with Cardinal Health supports Kinray's mission to help retail independent pharmacies serve as an integral provider of care for our evolving health care system.''' ,'''I couldn't buy my way - I had to work my way. What a great quote: 'I couldn't buy my way into success, I had to work my way into success.'''' ,'''I can't seem to shake waking up early.''' ,'''I can't stand Tiger Woods. He is the most selfish man I've ever played golf with.''' ,'''I never wear suits.''' ,'''I have no responsibilities but to make people's lives better.''' ,'''I like getting massages regularly. So much so, that I built a massage room adjacent to my office.''' ,'''I don't mind being a buffoon.''' ,'''I love my wife to death. I mean my ex-wife.''' ,]
+++