+++
author = "Kate Walsh"
title = "Kate Walsh Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Kate Walsh Quotes"
keywords = "kate walsh,kate walsh quotes,kate walsh quote,kate walsh sayings,kate walsh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I second-guess myself all the time. I make a decision and then wonder if I made the wrong choice.''' ,'''I don't need someone with a hot body. He can be fat or overweight and have a belly. It's very much about style and substance and humor, interest, curiosity and really being smart.''' ,'''For me, my 20s were all about reaching for the brass ring of work in theater, television, and film, surviving in between by waiting tables, painting houses, serving coffee, and temping.''' ,'''I've got four roommates and they all have fur and tails.''' ,'''You never want to rest on your laurels. You want to keep doing things that terrify you.''' ,'''I do Pilates, and hike with my dog.''' ,'''There are lots of different ways for women to be a mom in this culture.''' ,'''My mom, she's a breast cancer survivor and because of that I had started getting mammograms once a year, starting at age 30.''' ,'''Sometimes I hope that through osmosis I might get a workout - just by wearing the clothes.''' ,'''I would definitely love to be a parent.''' ,'''I loved campaigning for Obama.''' ,'''I have always been the girl who keeps on trying. I try! I try!''' ,'''I'm stronger and sassier as a redhead.''' ,'''I drink tons of water. When you're puffy, you think you can't drink water since you feel more bloated and gross but that's what you do to get the toxins out of your system. I put a little lemon in the water bottle that I carry around with me or drink a cup of hot water with lemon. It's a natural diuretic.''' ,'''I'm lucky. I've got pretty good genes.''' ,'''I like to eat right and in moderation, but give myself treats and kind of have everything.''' ,'''I struggle with control.''' ,'''Age is just a number. Unless, that is, you live in Hollywood, where there's this notion that if you haven't hit it big by your 20s, you may as well hit the road.''' ,'''I try to cook dinner, but it's difficult when I'm working.''' ,'''I've done every diet there is.''' ,'''I don't think anyone gets married thinking that they will get divorced.''' ,'''Acting was all I ever really wanted to do.''' ,'''My very first job was a cashier at Burger King in Tucson, Arizona. And I occasionally worked the drive-thru. I'd go wherever I was needed! My second job was at Dairy Queen. I stayed in the fast food royalty.''' ,'''I think a lot of people just aren't aware how young you can be and be diagnosed with breast cancer.''' ,'''I've learned over and over that life happens on its own terms, not mine.''' ,'''My mother is Italian and my dad's Irish. In my family, we're expressive. Nobody holds back.''' ,'''People always say you can't do a red lip if you have red hair but I've never shied away from it. I think you can absolutely do that. It's more about hair colour and complexion.''' ,'''I'm not a clean freak. My house is a mess.''' ,'''I don't like to take a lot of stuff since I'm really sensitive to medications.''' ,'''No matter what job you do, we all have a much different life than our parents had. My parents' generation had one job and then they retired. Now, people have many different jobs.''' ,'''I used to skip breakfast, but eating gets my metabolism going, so I burn more calories all day.''' ,'''I still like to make crank calls.''' ,]
+++