+++
author = "Tad Williams"
title = "Tad Williams Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Tad Williams Quotes"
keywords = "tad williams,tad williams quotes,tad williams quote,tad williams sayings,tad williams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Unless technology itself is drastically repressed, the idea of the dystopian monoculture like Orwell's 1984 gets harder to believe. But the danger of a solipsistic society will grow, of a disconnected society of mirror-watchers and navel-gazers.''' ,'''I am a sandwich man. Somewhere early in life, my epigenetic switches got flicked to 'likes sandwiches,' and that's where they still are. I suspect it's at least in part because they're easy to eat while reading.''' ,'''We tell lies when we are afraid... afraid of what we don't know, afraid of what others will think, afraid of what will be found out about us. But every time we tell a lie, the thing that we fear grows stronger.''' ,'''For me, any book I'm writing is also a chance to get in and research and read and learn things that I maybe only knew a little bit about before.''' ,'''Every major technological step forward has profoundly changed human society - that's how we know they're major, even if we don't always realise it at the time. Farming created cities. Writing, followed eventually by printing, vastly increased the preservation and transmission of cultural information across time and space.''' ,'''My parents were perfectly open-minded about everything. They never tried to convince us of what was true or what wasn't true in their minds. We were just presented with the information that was around and pretty much allowed - though, I mean, we knew how they felt. We knew they didn't go to church. So obviously that had an effect.''' ,'''Never make your home in a place. Make a home for yourself inside your own head. You'll find what you need to furnish it - memory, friends you can trust, love of learning, and other such things. That way it will go with you wherever you journey.''' ,'''I've always been partial to werewolves, perhaps because there's a desperation to their plight that resonates.''' ,'''People may get tired of hearing from me, but I don't think I'll ever run out of things that I want to write about.''' ,'''A well-aimed spear is worth three.''' ,'''If you're writing fantasy or science fiction, it's really hard to do if you don't know a lot, at least in a basic way, about how the real world works.''' ,'''One of the fascinating things about researching Heaven and Hell is, of course, the fact that there are so few descriptions of Heaven, because most people can't really explain what it would be like beyond a couple of sentences, whereas Hell is quite often personal.''' ,]
+++