+++
author = "Zdeno Chara"
title = "Zdeno Chara Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Zdeno Chara Quotes"
keywords = "zdeno chara,zdeno chara quotes,zdeno chara quote,zdeno chara sayings,zdeno chara saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''How can you expect something out of a young player on the ice when you treat him differently off the ice? I believe in certain acts or behaviors, and it's a standard for me that we're not going to be using anything against anyone.''' ,'''Playing the whole season and going through the whole playoffs in 2011 was the hardest 10-month period.''' ,'''Ideally, you want to have some guys get that rest... Because after 70-something games, you've practiced enough.''' ,'''Hopefully I won't have to sleep with my feet out of the tent.''' ,'''I love Boston. I love the city. I think we have the best fans in the world.''' ,'''It's always an honor when you have people trying to pick your brain and ask your opinions. I like being that. I've always been one of those guys that likes to think.''' ,'''The great part, or the interesting part, is that when you stop eating something, you stop missing it.''' ,'''Sure, I've dealt with my own share of adversity as an outsider living in this country but I recognize my challenges were not made harder, or impossible, because of the color of my skin.''' ,'''I have so many people that I should be thanking, obviously starting with my parents. They did such a great job of raising me and so much was sacrificed for me to play hockey.''' ,'''I felt as you get older, you're trying to find ways to improve your well-being, functioning, and energy level.''' ,'''It's one of those things, like in sports and other situations in life, you're going to have some adversities and some challenges that are similar to the race. You go uphill one moment and then you go downhill, but that's life too. You've got to be willing to sometimes take it slow but keep going.''' ,'''But there's no problem to lift before the game in the morning, then play the game at night.''' ,'''I remember climbing Mont Ventoux at the end of the day, and it was so, so hard. You have already three, four hours in your legs of cycling, and then you have to climb probably the hardest mountain on the course. And then you have to ride back to your car and pack up your stuff.''' ,'''Every article starts that way: Zdeno Chara, six-foot-nine, big strong defenceman. I'm like, Oh my God, does every player get their weight and height listed before they write something about him? No.''' ,'''People always take pictures and ask me for autographs. That just comes with it. We all do that.''' ,'''You don't go into a game thinking you might get hurt.''' ,'''To be honest with you, I try not to get caught up in the stats.''' ,'''Everything you hear that people are losing as you get older, I want to be a step ahead of that.''' ,'''I will never know what it's like to walk down a street and feel unsafe. No one should have to experience that feeling.''' ,'''A lot of times life is spinning so fast around you that you kind of think it's out of control and that's when you need to slow down a little bit and take a break.''' ,'''I'm not a freak show. I'm a hockey player.''' ,'''To see other teams in the playoffs and battling for the Cup, it's something that gives you a little inspiration.''' ,'''For sure it takes longer for bigger guys or tall guys to be really agile. Growing up, my dad and a few coaches always said that's the first and main priority for me, agility and quick feet, before getting strong.''' ,'''I've been a really big fan of climbing. I really got into it when I watched the show 'Beyond the Limit' about climbing Mount Everest.''' ,'''I think to have nine days without a game, that's something that does not always benefit a team.''' ,'''I want to stay in Boston. I want to be a Boston Bruin, and I want to continue to lead by example and share my experiences and my games skills with the younger players and my teammates.''' ,'''I love competing. I love doing all these things, coming to the rink, talking to the guys, doing the routine, working out in the summer, going through that grind.''' ,'''When it comes down to the game, I focus on the game.''' ,'''To miss games, I just don't think it's for me personally. I don't like it. The other guys might like it, but I like to play. I like to play games.''' ,'''That's my goal: to be the best at whatever I do and the best I can be. I'm looking and searching for ways to improve.''' ,'''First thing is first and let me be clear: I stand with the Black community. Black Lives Matter. There is no room in this world for racism. Period.''' ,'''Everything I put in my body has a purpose.''' ,'''I don't use the word 'rookie' because it just doesn't sound right. Little things go a long way and make a big difference for these young men who are trying to stay and establish themselves in the league. If we can help them out in any way, then that's great.''' ,'''I just enjoy every day, being with my teammates, going out to perform. I just love competing and I have an extreme passion for the sport.''' ,'''You never want to feel so hungry that you'll put anything in your mouth.''' ,'''We have to take better care of each other and respect each other. Equality must be a priority. Anything less is unacceptable.''' ,]
+++