+++
author = "Michelle Mccool"
title = "Michelle Mccool Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Michelle Mccool Quotes"
keywords = "michelle mccool,michelle mccool quotes,michelle mccool quote,michelle mccool sayings,michelle mccool saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's hard because it doesn't matter what you do, most people still identify me as Undertaker's wife.''' ,'''I can literally count on one and a half hands how many people in WWE treated me the same pre-Mark and post-Mark. Michelle McCool didn't change, I'm still me. There were a ton of people that found out I was dating Mark and was like, 'Oh, I better change my tune and be super nice.'''' ,'''I kept my teaching certificate active while I was with WWE. It definitely wouldn't be something that I'd mind going back to.''' ,'''I think the Divas Champion is the perfect combination of athleticism, beauty and brawn.''' ,'''It's such a huge honor and compliment when someone tells me I'm their hero... but, why me?''' ,'''It's not easy to filter out all the negative things people say and/or write about you.''' ,'''I truly feel like Fabulous Moolah is the pioneer for women in sports-entertainment. I don't think anyone can deny her accomplishments or the road she paved for women wrestlers.''' ,'''I would love to have a Unification Match against Mickie James.''' ,'''I like athletes.''' ,'''Making history is difficult, almost impossible, for those without my athletic ability and intelligence.''' ,'''Snooki is famous for absolutely nothing.''' ,'''When we can give back to the real heroes, that's what I find rewarding.''' ,'''I'm just a small town girl who enjoys making people happy.''' ,'''Don't give in to bullying or others making fun of people. Stand up for yourself. Stand up for your friends. Be that one person who is genuinely good-hearted.''' ,'''I've been to Australia once before, and we went to Auckland, New Zealand. We were there for a few days. It was absolutely beautiful, so I'm very excited to go back there.''' ,'''I don't talk during production meetings, people don't generally say anything.''' ,'''I do think the women should get paid, a main event is a main event.''' ,'''Growing up, I always said I would never go in to education. Both of my parents were teachers - my dad was also a principal and a superintendent. I just didn't want to be part of the school system.''' ,'''The higher you climb the ladder, everyone is going to have a reason as to why you're there, why you're on TV, and they don't want to believe the fact you're in the working hard, fighting for storylines.''' ,'''I think everybody will agree that 'Torrie Wilson' is a name that nobody - no true wrestling fan - will ever forget.''' ,'''If I had to pick somebody I really had a crush on right now - solely based on looks alone - it would be Matthew McConaughey. He does it for me.''' ,'''I think the whole Flawless thing backfired in my face. I'm just like, 'oh, man! We're out here calling ourselves Flawless, and being the most obnoxious characters, that even I wanted to slap myself sometimes!' Even I would get sick of watching myself on TV!''' ,'''Fortunately, the shooting pain in my back masked the pain of my broken sternum.''' ,'''Piggie James was the storyline that brought LayCool to fruition and really started and helped develop our characters. It was a main storyline that, at the time, started giving Divas more screen time and longer matches - we even had a huge celebration.''' ,'''Whoever is in that ring, they are not enough for me, and they can't handle me.''' ,'''Not only do I do things so much better than all of my fellow 'Divas,' I make being bad look so good.''' ,'''I think one of the most consistent answers for any of the girls when they're asked 'who do you want to wrestle' is Beth Phoenix - but that was never really the case for me, as far as an opponent or dream opponent. For me, that was always Molly Holly, Lita and Awesome Kong/Kharma.''' ,'''I actually got online and went to check my e-mail, and I always look at the top news, and I saw my name and I thought, 'There's got to be another Michelle McCool,' or 'This is a mistake,' or something!''' ,'''I'd have to say I've been a little of both, but definitely more nice than naughty.''' ,'''I'm not a patient person and sitting around the house waiting to get back to WWE does me no good.''' ,'''I'm going to prove to the rest of these girls walking around, strutting their stuff, that I am the top Diva and I am here to stay.''' ,'''Being a Diva in a man's world, you're constantly in an uphill battle; pitching ideas, trying to get TV time, trying to get in-ring time, the whole nine yards.''' ,'''I like to think of myself as a class act, and there are very few guys that meet all of my qualifications.''' ,'''Sure, Maryse is the Divas Champion, but I find it no coincidence that she supposedly got 'hurt' the week after she stole my title.''' ,'''It's the all-American girl gone bad. Initially, the name callings from 6- and 7-year-olds was tough. My heart was in my stomach. But it is more fun to play someone that you are not.''' ,'''I'm addicted to success, failure is not an option.''' ,'''Retirement has been wonderful.''' ,'''When I went off to college my dad would call and be like, 'hey did you watch RAW?'''' ,'''It's a dog-eat-dog world and in a man's world, too. It's just a fight, every single week, this job.''' ,'''It's not easy to always be yourself.''' ,'''You just have to kind of remember that it's just a character on TV. A lot of times people just forgot that and it's easy to do.''' ,'''Bottom line: People in our business are always going to look to find reasons to see the negative in somebody and to become resentful.''' ,'''When Layla and I would do promos out in the arena, it was just the most-fun ever! People genuinely hate her.''' ,'''People can say what they want to say, but at the end of the day, I can look at myself in the mirror. I know how hard I fought. I know how many storylines I pitched. I know how hard I worked in the ring.''' ,'''That always makes it fun inside the ring when you know you can work with somebody. You can fly off the cuff while you're in there; you can improvise.''' ,'''Love me or hate me, I hope the WWE Universe can respect that night in and night out, I've given it my all.''' ,'''The WWE universe finally demanded that the girls get the attention that they deserve. I think women past, present, future, should forever be grateful for our super fans.''' ,'''I keep to myself a little bit more, I have that more quiet sexiness, quiet confidence going and I think that does intrigue people.''' ,'''You know, I thought seeing Aretha Franklin last year was amazing, and I didn't think anyone can top that. But if someone can, John Legend would be the man. In my mind, he's a legend, no pun intended.''' ,'''I can't tell you the number of times I was one of the first people at the arenas or at TV, constantly trying to better myself. I can honestly say that my hard work paid off. My resilience paid off. My persistence paid off.''' ,'''I'm a collegiate All-American athlete and earned a master's degree in education from Florida State University.''' ,'''The backstabbing, the clawing, it's always there. It definitely comes up more when you're on TV a little more often.''' ,'''Years before 'Tough Enough' came out - and I still have the papers - I filled out the entire application but never sent it in. I was like this is perfect, it's sports, I'm competitive, I could do that.''' ,'''People are always going to say what they want to say and believe what they want to believe, but that's the bottom line.''' ,'''I'm easily entertained, I guess.''' ,'''I'm taking each day one day at a time, and building up my strength and endurance. It's crazy because it takes no time at all to lose everything you have and then so much time to gain it back.''' ,'''I haven't noticed too much of a difference between Italian guys and American guys, but we're sports-entertainers so maybe they know to stand back a little!''' ,'''Leaving was tough because it got to a point where - I was dealing with so much, mostly being Undertaker's girlfriend while I was on TV. There was even a writer who threw the papers up one day and said, 'Why don't we just call it the Michelle McCool and Undertaker show.'''' ,'''So, I never actually had a problem with Melina and we worked a lot together. When she came to SmackDown, we worked a program together.''' ,'''The athletic part I never struggled with. It was the promos, the talking and, being uncomfortable in front of the crowd. Especially being a 'bad guy,' having people call me names, that was hard getting used to.''' ,'''You know what I liked about 'The Condemned?' It's Stone Cold being Stone Cold, and that's what was awesome to me.''' ,'''I'm only naughty when I have to be.''' ,]
+++