+++
author = "Susie Wolff"
title = "Susie Wolff Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Susie Wolff Quotes"
keywords = "susie wolff,susie wolff quotes,susie wolff quote,susie wolff sayings,susie wolff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We have two issues - not enough young girls starting in karting at a young age and no clear role model. Sometimes you just have to see it to believe it.''' ,'''Racing's in my blood. My mum met my dad when she went to buy her first motorbike in his shop.''' ,'''I realised at 13 or 14 when I said, OK, I wanted to be professional racing driver, there wasn't anyone to look up to that I could aspire to or get inspiration from. But that didn't stop me.''' ,'''People will say I'm only where I am because of my husband or because the team might want to employ a woman, but you don't get to drive a Formula 1 car unless you're good enough, especially with a top team like Williams.''' ,'''I'm a development driver, which means I'll be doing a lot of work in the simulator.''' ,'''As a racing driver, you're representing a brand and your appearance is part of your job. But there's a fine line between being feminine and creating attention on yourself because of what you're wearing.''' ,'''I'm simply trying to go as far as I can go in racing.''' ,'''As a woman people judge you on your looks regardless of the fact you're just there to race.''' ,'''In my time in F1, I never doubted I could be successful. I sadly never made it on to the starting grid of an F1 race, but during testing I completed a race distance.''' ,'''People have different ideas on how to increase female racing driver participation. My belief is that men and women should compete together.''' ,'''If you are a successful woman, that can inspire the next generation.''' ,'''Every racing driver in the world dreams of making it to F1, there's only 22 spots on the grid.''' ,'''I have to perform every time I'm in the car, and show that I'm capable, and I need a little bit of timing and luck to come together.''' ,'''I think we all, as drivers, come to the table with a package. It's either your speed and raw talent, your sponsorship money, your nationality. For me, one of my unique selling points is my gender, without a doubt.''' ,'''We need to get more women into sport, whether that's young girls in karting or off the track. The more we get into sport, the more you are going to get rising to the top of the sport.''' ,'''I'm not a girl racer, I save my speed for the race track.''' ,'''When I decided to stop as a racing driver in 2015, I knew I wanted to continue with the challenge of competitive motorsport.''' ,'''I'm not doing what I do to prove what a woman is capable of. I'm not doing what I do to make Formula E more diverse. I'm doing what I do to be successful. If that's inspirational, then great.''' ,'''What many people don't realise is the first F1 test I was offered by Frank Williams and the team was a one-off. It was never planned that I would become part of the team or it would lead to more.''' ,'''It's not a gender thing. You can pick anyone off the street and it depends on his or her own character how they can drive a car.''' ,'''Motorsport has always been my passion, and speaking about being a female in a man's world is part of my responsibility.''' ,'''I loved the speed of go-karting, but didn't have a lot of natural talent. The first time I went out on the track I found it scary; other karts were flying past and bumping into me.''' ,'''I never thought of myself as a role model, but I've had so many messages from girls, women, mothers saying I was an inspiration.''' ,'''We are going to have to go through generations of change before we see the impact of females taking a role in the workplace and Formula 1 is no different.''' ,'''My fundamental aim is to drive female talent - it's not just to find the next female Formula One superstar.''' ,'''I followed my dream as a child and I'm loving every minute of it.''' ,'''It is a hugely embarrassing situation to find myself in, I'm a professional driver and to be caught speeding and to have my licence taken away for speeding, it would have an effect on my reputation.''' ,'''I like being feminine, it's my way of not conforming to the stereotype that if you're a racing driver you don't care how you look.''' ,'''It's very important to me to give something back - to pass on my know-how, to give all the lessons I learned onto the next generation so they don't make the same mistakes.''' ,'''There always will be stereotypes that women can't drive. When I hear the comments, it just makes me more determined to prove them wrong.''' ,'''Ultimately, a women's only championship is not going to get more females into motorsport as a whole.''' ,'''If I was to turn around now and say that motorsport should be segregated, then my whole career would have been for nothing. Every result that I have achieved on my own would stand for nothing, if I couldn't compete against male drivers.''' ,'''Men are much more egotistical. But that means women can accept criticism and improve easier than men can.''' ,'''As F1 is a male-dominated environment, you have to prove yourself. And first of all that means being given the chance to prove yourself.''' ,'''I was very lucky in that my parents supported my racing so much - they just said 'whatever you want to achieve, if you work hard enough you can achieve it.' They never, ever let me believe that, as a female, I couldn't compete in a man's world.''' ,'''There's no prize for being the best woman.''' ,'''When I decided to stop racing, I really wanted to give something back to the sport and for me it was always going to be about inspiring young girls and women.''' ,'''When I was driving the simulator, out of the three engineers I worked with one was a woman. So it was very difficult for me to turn around and tell people that I worked in a male-dominated environment, because it wasn't.''' ,'''When a sport comes down to physical power, then it definitely needs to be split between men and women, but motor racing is a little bit like horse riding where we fight with the same tools. I believe that motor racing is a sport where women can take on men.''' ,'''I think as much as people talk about Scotland as being a place where it's raining all the time it's a fantastic country. Considering it's such a small country you have to realise how successful it's been in the world of motor sport.''' ,'''I'm very ambitious but realistic.''' ,'''I dared to be different, I want to inspire others to do the same.''' ,'''To make it in Formula 1, which is the absolute pinnacle, is incredibly tough no matter what your gender.''' ,'''I have the deepest admiration for Angela Palmer and her work so having my helmet as her subject has been a true honour for me. I think the sculpture is stunning and very striking, it's the most incredible combination of strength with fragility.''' ,'''My big break came at 22 years old when I joined the Mercedes Benz touring championship team.''' ,'''We have to stop this stereotype that for girls it's about being in pink and horse riding. We need to teach kids to think outside the box, to dare girls to be different.''' ,'''As a sports person, you are always aware that at some point your career is coming to an end and you have to do something else. I always knew it had to end one day, and I was very determined to make sure I wasn't going to be known as an ex-racing driver.''' ,'''I hated reading - I was not a 'good kid' - but I was determined when I put my mind to something.''' ,'''The reality is that family is on the cards in the future. But you know in motorsport if you take yourself off to have children, you won't come back, partly as you're quickly forgotten in this sport.''' ,'''I never let my gender define me but in my whole driving career I only ever did one interview not being asked about being a female.''' ,'''You have to be ready to pounce when a rare chance comes.''' ,'''Throughout my whole racing career, I was always asked about being a woman in a man's world. Interestingly when you are in that world, there's no reason for it to be a man's world, there are successful women and I didn't find there to be any barriers to stop me from being successful.''' ,'''Nobody says Nico Rosberg is only in F1 because his dad was a famous racing driver who funded his karting career and helped him get into F1. It s a bit unfair just to focus on the fact that my husband is in F1 and it's the only reason I'm in an F1 car.''' ,'''I'm not like other females. I'm obviously different because of the path I've taken. I'm just as aggressive as the guys when I get my helmet on. Plus F1 is not just about taking risks, but knowing when to take risks and when to back off. It's also about strategy and managing your tyres.''' ,'''As soon as you start listening to the gossip surrounding you, you just get dragged down by it.''' ,'''I started racing at club level, then the Scottish championship, then the British championship, then the European, then the Worlds. I went through all the various ranks. I spent a good ten years doing karting.''' ,'''I'm a realistic person, but I'm also a person who believes a lot in goals.''' ,'''Ultimately, when you're out on track with your helmet on, nobody can see the driver. Nobody can judge you on what you look like if your hair is long or short, if you're black or you're white, if you're male or female. All that matters is your performance.''' ,'''I am someone that relies on my gut feeling.''' ,'''When I stopped racing, I kept being asked to comment on diversity in the sport but I really felt I had done my part.''' ,'''If there's 10,000 little boys racing around the world and there's only 10 girls, best case 100, the numbers are stacked massively against us. If you don't increase the talent pool of young girls, you're not going to get the best drivers at the top.''' ,'''One of the whole reasons for starting my initiative, Dare to be Different, is about getting more girls interested in motorsport and that's everywhere, not just driving on track but creating a network where they have the support around them.''' ,'''Just as sport can, art has the capacity to cross so many boundaries like education, race and religion.''' ,'''I was always very clear when I took some time out to start a family that I wanted to come back and get my teeth into something and of course I could not work for Toto or a competing manufacturer.''' ,'''I love reading fashion magazines, buying handbags, the usual things - but when you're in the moment and focusing on setting up the car, how you look is so irrelevant.''' ,'''I was asked to do some studies to see if I was different. And I do have more male testosterone than the average woman does. Whether that makes me more aggressive, I don't know.''' ,'''I'm a great believer that if you knock on enough doors and stay at the level maybe an opportunity comes.''' ,'''Your gender becomes irrelevant when you are in a performance-based environment.''' ,'''I was always a very competitive little kid. I did swimming very competitively, downhill skiing very competitively. Everything was competition.''' ,'''I think from a driving perspective, the great thing of being in a simulator a lot is that you can constantly work on areas. Of course it's not like being in a real car, and you always have to remember that, but it means there are all these things that you can work on.''' ,'''An all-women championship is giving up on the mission of eventually making girls compete on a high level and against the boys in Formula One. It is undermining what girls are able to achieve.''' ,'''A woman can be physically fit enough to drive a Formula 1 car. I did the race distance in Barcelona so I have proved that it is possible.''' ,'''My progression into F1 came to represent so much more than a racing driver simply trying to reach the pinnacle of the sport. It was also the hope that finally there may again be a female on the starting grid.''' ,'''When you're a driver, you are very selfish and you only need to focus on your own performance because ultimately, it's your name on the side of the car.''' ,'''It doesn't bother me if I'm getting attention because I'm a girl.''' ,'''Love it or hate it, motorsport is not purely talent. It never has been and never will be.''' ,'''I am not someone who lets my head get down.''' ,'''It's all very well to talk about how it would be great to have a woman driver, a woman with sponsors and marketing, that's all great but to get into that drive you have to perform. That's what I realized early on when I got into Formula One.''' ,'''Do I care about what men say at the race track? No, not at all. I've always said I race for me, because I love racing. I don't race to prove a point about how well a woman can do against men on the track.''' ,'''These race cars are dangerous and you don't put someone in one unless you are 100 per cent certain that they can do what they need to do and be safe in the car.''' ,'''When I did my first media interviews after I was announced as a team principal, the first question was, what qualifies you for the job? The second question was, did your husband place you in the role? And the third was, how are you going to do your job as a mother? I was speechless to think that we were not making any progress.''' ,'''In Formula E, because it has that structure of being quite cost-controlled and partly standardised, it means a small team or big manufacturer, if you get it right you have a chance for success which is great.''' ,'''Coming to new environments, people look at you and think, 'what's this blonde lady doing, she thinks she can drive a racing car.' But you work hard, keep your head down and show that you're actually capable.''' ,'''Because it was my decision to stop racing, I feel fine not being a driver anymore.''' ,'''I was always an adrenaline junkie, always competitive, always a speed freak.''' ,'''All the Formula 1 teams that Dare To Be Different has come into contact with - Ferrari, McLaren, Force India, Williams - they're all very proactive in supporting us. They allow us to contact their female staff members and they're very conscious of wanting to help increase their percentage of women in the industry.''' ,'''Ultimately, we have got to make our sport more diverse if we want to be relevant in the future.''' ,'''I'm proud of my driver test. So many people were waiting for me to test and fail, so they could say that women would never be able to race in F1. I always view my time in F1 as before and after the test. Beforehand, I could sense everybody asking, 'What's she doing in the F1 paddock? Is she good enough?' After my test, that attitude changed.''' ,'''There was very little opportunity to carry on in Formula 1. My goal was to get on to the starting grid and that didn't look achievable.''' ,'''You need to get female talent which is good enough to compete at the right level because no team is going to compromise on on-track performance just to tick a gender box.''' ,'''We want to get more women into the sport, whether that be marshals, volunteers, engineers, female racing drivers. We want to open up the sport and show there's opportunities out there.''' ,'''When you're eight, you're not thinking about the future. But karting was always the big passion, the big love.''' ,'''It's not a man's world any more.''' ,'''Many people talk about me entering the history books as the first female in 22 years and what a big moment it was. And I'm very flattered that I managed to do something historic, but in all honesty I was out there for me as a racing driver and to show everybody what Susie Wolff is capable of not to put my name in the history books.''' ,'''Sir Stirling Moss, who said that women don't have the mental aptitude to take part in F1, is from a different generation. There's no reason why women can't rise to the top in F1. If you're not good enough you don't survive.''' ,'''I've never played on my gender.''' ,'''For me, it's all about taking things a step at a time, proving I'm good enough and on the right path.''' ,'''I never really thought about being a woman in a man's world. Then at the World Championships in 2000 I finished 15th. I was called on to the podium just for being a woman, and I realised things were going to be different.''' ,'''The decision to retire was very easy. The timing had come to the point where it was very clear that my time was up.''' ,'''I think there's nobody closer in the world than your own husband. And we are very passionate about what we do, very competitive.''' ,]
+++