+++
author = "Brent Sexton"
title = "Brent Sexton Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Brent Sexton Quotes"
keywords = "brent sexton,brent sexton quotes,brent sexton quote,brent sexton sayings,brent sexton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The bottom line is that your performance is made in the editing room.''' ,'''I've learned to take care of myself. You know, I try to stay conscious of whatever my energy is at all times, really. I mean, I come home from work, and, depending on the day or depending on what was going on, if I needed to adjust, I'd just meditate, or play guitar, or watch some 'Monty Python.'''' ,'''Casting directors tend to be the unsung heroes in this business.''' ,'''Depending on the show, I've played a cop, a criminal, or a victim. So there's a range.''' ,'''To me, any character that is conflicted inside as well as outside of themselves is always a better role to play.''' ,'''I watched '12 Angry Men' when I was a kid. It blew me away definitely.''' ,'''Generally speaking, I think it's a good idea to stay conscious of any kind of energy or emotion that you're generating, whether it's at the end of a work day or just in your everyday life.''' ,'''My brother's an aerospace engineer who works for Boeing, and I started thinking, 'Well, my brother works nine hours a day at his job... What if I worked nine hours a day at being an actor?'''' ,'''I come home from work, and depending on the day or depending on what was going on, if I needed to adjust, I'd just meditate or play guitar or watch some 'Monty Python.'''' ,'''I'm definitely a character actor. I've tried to limit anything with a uniform because I've done it so much. There's a lot more I can offer. It's just getting people to see something else.''' ,'''The thing about grief is that it's a roller coaster - it's up, it's down. The emotions sometimes take over.''' ,]
+++