+++
author = "Foxy Brown"
title = "Foxy Brown Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Foxy Brown Quotes"
keywords = "foxy brown,foxy brown quotes,foxy brown quote,foxy brown sayings,foxy brown saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I devoted my career to building an affinity with my fans who have supported me unflinchingly and no barbed wire fence or prison wall will stop that.''' ,'''I'm a child of the Women's Movement. I always believed that I could do anything. That women didn't have to be limited in any way.''' ,'''My life needed to be saved. Not just Foxy. That's my character. That's my work. Inga is a person.''' ,'''I'm not at every party; I'm not seen everywhere. That's why people still care about my brand.''' ,'''I'm willing to do whatever I need to do to change.''' ,'''The Foxy character and Inga Marchand are two different people. My fiance calls me Inga. No one around me calls me Foxy. I go to church every Sunday. I go to Bible study every Friday night. I'm saved.''' ,'''It feels so good to tell the truth.''' ,'''My purpose is far greater than my pain.''' ,'''I am racing to the studio the moment that God affords me the opportunity to hear again.''' ,'''Put out great music, and that's that.''' ,'''The only crime I'm guilty of is being a young black woman.''' ,'''I did almost a year in prison, a year in prison, just because my name is Foxy Brown.''' ,'''I was falsely arrested twice, slandered and defamed.''' ,'''To find a prince, you gotta kiss some toads.''' ,'''I love Harlem, it's like a second home to me.''' ,'''I'm cut from a different cloth. I would never moon someone. I was raised in a good family.''' ,'''I came out even with all the struggles I endured on Rikers Island.''' ,'''I've never stabbed, hurt, killed, stolen, anything, but I went to jail for a year. What is that? My pastor said to me the fact that I'm not living under a bridge as a crazy woman, talking to myself, is amazing.''' ,'''My family never missed a visit in eight months, ever. I cried coming out. I didn't cry coming in. There's a big difference. I believe that God put me there for a reason, Incarceration is serious.''' ,'''Being in jail, it's humbled me in a way I never imagined.''' ,]
+++