+++
author = "Stephanie Winston Wolkoff"
title = "Stephanie Winston Wolkoff Quotes"
quotes_len = "59"
description = "the best 59 Stephanie Winston Wolkoff Quotes"
keywords = "stephanie winston wolkoff,stephanie winston wolkoff quotes,stephanie winston wolkoff quote,stephanie winston wolkoff sayings,stephanie winston wolkoff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I put on three or four outfits a day during Fashion Week.''' ,'''I really do think that it's going to be very important that fashion at Lincoln Center becomes a year-round initiative.''' ,'''My favorite event of the season is the Costume Institute Gala at the Met in May. To that I'll wear custom Vera Wang.''' ,'''I love a bold statement piece!''' ,'''I was not a fashionista. I played Division I basketball. I'm a black belt in karate.''' ,'''Style depends more on how you carry yourself in the clothes than the clothes alone, but a killer pair of heels doesn't hurt.''' ,'''Fashion was not something that I knew about. It just wasn't really particularly interesting.''' ,'''Actually, I live in T-shirts and True Religion jeans.''' ,'''It is my moral obligation to vote for Biden because I do not believe that Trump is a decent person and I believe in my heart that Biden is.''' ,'''I now realize Melania is not a normal woman. Two women had described having sex with her husband on national TV in graphic detail in the same week. Her private response: It's politics.' Her public response: dead silence. It just wasn't a human reaction.''' ,'''Fashion, ultimately, is for the masses.''' ,'''After being at Vogue' for two years in PR, I decided to bring all events in-house. That's how I became the director of events.''' ,'''Ivanka was relentless and was determined to be the First Daughter Lady and to usurp office space out from under Melania; she wanted to be the only visible female Trump on the premises.''' ,'''I am so grateful for my experience at Lincoln Center working to help relocate New York's largest media event - Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week.''' ,'''I live on David Kirsch Wellness Water and Energy Bubbles. They keep me hydrated, healthy, and full of energy.''' ,'''I knew Anna Wintour was the editor in chief of Vogue,' I just didn't understand what it meant to wait around to meet with Anna Wintour.''' ,'''When you make a mistake, own up to it.''' ,'''I've dedicated my life to being true and honest and I would never take advantage of something.''' ,'''I can't live without my Hermes day planner.''' ,'''Melania's a pragmatist, Melania always - you know, if you can't control people's emotions then why even worry about it. And that's how she lived her life and that is what she stood by every day.''' ,'''If I have time to dash home before an event, I love to swap workwear for something a bit more whimsical.''' ,'''I see fashion as going on par with all the other cultural institutions here. Ballet, theater, opera - I don't see fashion differently.''' ,'''If I don't know something, I'll tell you I don't know it. If I'm not sure about something, I'll say I'm not sure.''' ,'''I love my Michael Kors, Ralph Lauren, Carolina Herrera, Vera Wang. I've grown up with them.''' ,'''It's not that I'm a control freak - but I am. I want to make sure everything is perfect.''' ,'''I live in a lot of Alexander McQueen.''' ,'''Literally a headline destroyed my life and took away everything that I'd ever built.''' ,'''My wardrobe reflects my long-standing belief that great style lives in the details.''' ,'''I rely on accessories to add color and texture; if I'm already wearing something attention-getting, neutral-tone pumps keep the look from going over-the-top.''' ,'''My BlackBerry is essential to my survival.''' ,'''What attracted me to Melania is her strength, her independence, her doesn't-matter-what-anybody-else-thinks attitude.''' ,'''I made a life-changing mistake. I continued working for Melania, and at the White House, even though the environment was toxic, because I believed I could make a difference.''' ,'''I believed that regardless of political ideologies - the reality was I didn't even have any - which is no excuse, and it's a horrible thing to admit, but I've admitted it - you can't get into something not knowing who the players are, but also not understanding that policy and ethics go together.''' ,'''For the record, my personal compensation for my work on the inauguration that I retained was $480,000. That number may seem like a lot. It is a lot.''' ,'''Eleven years at Vogue and not one party crasher, and it won't happen here either.''' ,'''Ivanka was asking her work contacts at the White House to write to her at her private email - the exact offense the Trumps had lambasted Hillary Clinton for during the general election. Would anyone chant 'Lock her up!' about Ivanka's private server? Doubtful.''' ,'''It's perfectly acceptable to wear a short dress to formal occasions.''' ,'''But for the vacation with my kids in the Bahamas, I'll bring a Michael Kors white gauze tunic, white Dolce & Gabbana jeans, Prada sandals, a ring by Iradj Moini, and enamel bracelets from Hermes.''' ,'''I try to keep my appearance classic and sophisticated.''' ,'''I realized we're all perfectly imperfect, which was a big thing. Perfectionism, to me, was an important thing.''' ,'''I have ambition and drive, and I'm passionate about the fashion industry.''' ,'''I didn't lie that I read Vogue' every day or that I grew up loving fashion, but I did know how to roll up my sleeves and do whatever it took to learn it.''' ,'''We need to incorporate fashion into every element and institution, whether it be through designer-lecture series, photography exhibitions, or collaborative efforts between artists and designers.''' ,'''I'm not about the next big trend. I'm about the silhouette and right fit and right designer for me.''' ,'''When I met Melania Knauss in 2003, we were both 32 years old and walking the hallways of Vogue. I was working; she was visiting.''' ,'''The Costume Institute Benefit became my baby. It was something that I lived, breathed, day and night.''' ,'''Sweaters in light hues function perfectly as between-season buffers.''' ,'''I'm a worker. I need to keep busy.''' ,'''I witnessed the transformation of Melania from gold plate into twenty-four karat gold. I believed she had the heart to match.''' ,'''With the publication of my book, Melania and Me: The Rise and Fall of My Friendship With the First Lady,' I have exercised my right to free expression.''' ,'''Being at the vanguard of fashion in New York is magical.''' ,'''Listen, fashion and entertainment is tough, but you see it as it is. You understand what's going on around you.''' ,'''I favor big, bold jewelry - especially statement necklaces that still have a sense of delicateness.''' ,'''I've always adored Sophia Loren.''' ,'''A Trump is a Trump is a Trump.''' ,'''Yes, Operation Block Ivanka was petty. Melania was in on this mission. But in our minds, Ivanka shouldn't have made herself the center of attention in her father's inauguration.''' ,'''Melania and the White House had accused me of criminal activity, had publicly shamed and fired me, and made me their scapegoat.''' ,'''I organize my closet by season, color, and silhouette, but I don't edit often enough, which causes me to hoard Hermes cuffs in Hermes bags that are crammed into my living room because my closet is overflowing.''' ,'''Ivanka would never stop trying to muscle in on Melania's events.''' ,]
+++