+++
author = "Shaun King"
title = "Shaun King Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Shaun King Quotes"
keywords = "shaun king,shaun king quotes,shaun king quote,shaun king sayings,shaun king saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think what irritates both conservatives and liberals alike is when news outlets pretend that they don't have an agenda but then clearly do, be it in the editorial decisions they make and the guests they have and the material that they cover.''' ,'''Few cities have more skilled, experienced organizers and activists and grassroots organizations than St. Louis and Philadelphia.''' ,'''I like peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. In a dream world, the bread is super soft, like the Wonder Bread of my childhood, and the sandwich will have crunchy peanut butter, strawberry jam, and a cup of cold milk to go with it.''' ,'''We loathe mass incarceration. We loathe police brutality. But most of us have absolutely no idea how to address the critical flaws in our justice system.''' ,'''Over and over again, I looked family members who had lost loved ones to police violence, I looked them right in the eye and told them, 'Don't worry. We will get justice for your family.'''' ,'''I've come to understand that awareness and momentum, while necessary and valuable, are just two of the dozens of essential ingredients required to actually make change happen.''' ,'''I see my role as sort of an informed outsider.''' ,'''There is kind of this spirit in journalism to tell both sides of the story and to just let the listeners choose what they want to choose, and I understand that, and there's a place for it, but on some issues, we really do need to take a stand.''' ,'''People with momentum can get so much done. Momentum is easy to lose and almost impossible to fake.''' ,'''We live in a country where movies, music, and sports are more important than God to a lot of people. It's why Colin Kaepernick's protest rocked the nation and got the whole world talking. Taking a knee is a simple act of defiance. Had Colin done it anywhere other than the football field, it might not have even made the news.''' ,'''Adults who loved and knew me, on many occasions sat me down and told me that I was black. As you could imagine, this had a profound impact on me and soon became my truth. Every friend I had was black; my girlfriends were black. I was seen as black, treated as black, and endured constant overt racism as a young black teenager.''' ,'''I tend to write two stories every day, five days a week. It's a real grind. But it also allows me to really try to have my finger on the pulse of injustice in America.''' ,'''I was raised by a great single mother. I grew up in rural Kentucky, and she's just a really compassionate woman.''' ,'''Our nation is not a fully representative democracy if we do not have a one-person, one-vote method of directly electing our president. It disproportionately tilts favor to smaller states with smaller populations.''' ,''''The Star-Spangled Banner' should've never been made into our national anthem. That President Woodrow Wilson, widely thought to be one of the most bigoted presidents ever elected, chose it as our national anthem, is painfully telling as well.''' ,'''Blame it on our short memories, the daily grind of the 24-hour-news cycle, or the endless barrage of information that comes at us on social media, but count me in the number of people who did not truly understand how utterly gross both Donald Trump and Bill Clinton have been to women, including their own wives, across the years.''' ,'''Very few police officers are ever held accountable for even the most egregious shootings and acts of violence.''' ,'''I reject this idea that who Bernie Sanders was in the 1960s is irrelevant. Who you are and what you do, what you fought for, and who and what you fought against, is always relevant.''' ,'''I grossly underestimated the gravitational pull of America's justice system toward white supremacy.''' ,'''Politicians can and should be held accountable for their choices.''' ,'''I've had some unbelievable successes, and I've also learned painful lessons through failures so low I can hardly stand to think of them.''' ,'''The harsh fact of the matter is that this nation has not remotely come to grips with how many of its laws are rooted in slavery and bigoted oppression. After the Civil War, the United States never said, 'Let's examine every law and policy and system and structure we have to evaluate whether or not they were created as a tools of oppression.'''' ,'''Before I ever endorse a candidate, I meet them, interview them, interview their colleagues and evaluate their competitors, study their positions and ideas, look at their campaign... then make a decision.''' ,'''When I travel and speak across the country, I often tell college students that we are making a significant mistake when we say to each other that this criminal justice of ours is broken. To say it's broken would be to suggest that it was well designed and had good intentions from the start.''' ,'''America was not built on kindness or the Christianity of Christ. It was not built on freedom or liberty. This nation was built on white supremacy.''' ,'''Before I was a journalist, I was a preacher in Georgia and Kentucky.''' ,'''People I love and trust advise me to just drop off the face of the Earth for an extended period of time, and maybe that will calm or cool things down. But my work is very public work.''' ,''''Go vote' is a not a political strategy. It's hardly a slogan. Hell, it's not even a good tweet.''' ,'''There is a movement we call Afro-Futurism, where we imagine a black way of life free of white supremacy and bigotry. 'Black Panther,' I think, is the first blockbuster film centered in the ethos of Afro-Futurism, where the writers and directors and makeup and wardrobe team all imagined a beautiful, thriving black Africa without colonialism.''' ,'''To defeat Donald Trump, the Democrats must run a stellar cast of all-stars in their primary.''' ,'''I would never crawl into a secret space to avoid the frustrating things.''' ,'''The United States has so many laws, into the millions, that experts have lost track of just how many laws we have.''' ,'''I was in high school when Bill Clinton was impeached for lying under oath about his relationship with Lewinsky. We didn't have social media back then - hell, we didn't have a computer with the Internet in our home - so the details of it all escaped me.''' ,'''I've always been a writer and have always loved writing.''' ,'''My work has never been about me, and I've never made a big deal about my race. I've actually tried hard to avoid ever making a big deal out of it and have, instead, simply tried to do good work that matters.''' ,'''Donald Trump should not be underestimated. He'll say or do anything to suck the wind out of the news cycle. His reach and influence on social media are immense and are only rivaled by a tiny handful of people in the world. He's dirty. He doesn't fight fair.''' ,'''Conservatives will fight hard to preserve the institutions of mass incarceration and police brutality. Because they don't see themselves as victims of these things, but as benefactors, they will fight hard to preserve the status quo against a reform candidate.''' ,'''It's always important, when we experience injustice in this nation, that people in power understand that we will not take that injustice quietly.''' ,'''Every day I walk down the street or hop on the subway, I am reminded that I am a citizen of a very big, incredibly diverse world.''' ,'''Donald Trump is a bigot.''' ,'''Bill Clinton is just as gross as Donald Trump - so much so that the Clinton campaign can't really back Trump into a corner on his integrity or mistreatment of women because Bill's personal history is so damn awful.''' ,'''When people meet me or hear me in person, they quickly learn that I am much more than a tweet and a profile picture.''' ,'''Boston's justice system is in serious need of reform. Many of its policies and practices are antiquated, expensive, and don't really even make Boston safer.''' ,'''For my entire life, I have held the cards of my complicated family history very close to my chest.''' ,'''I have been told for most of my life that the white man on my birth certificate is not my biological father and that my actual biological father is a light-skinned black man.''' ,'''By the time I reached middle school, I fully identified myself not even as biracial but just as black.''' ,'''For about a year, I worked for 'Daily Kos.' They were great. I mean, they allowed me to write whatever I was thinking about and feeling. 'The New York Daily News' saw it. They were making some pretty big changes. They hired a new editor in chief. I was his first hire.''' ,'''When I write a story, I try to write them from the perspective of victims. I try to write them from the perspective of families who've been done wrong, who have lost their loved ones or people who have experienced injustice.''' ,''''Black Panther' had a whole cast of beautiful black brilliance. Black scientists. Black presidents. The style. The technology. The color.''' ,'''Young people, throughout history, have always been the lifeblood of every movement for civil and human rights.''' ,'''I used to think this notion of preaching to the choir was a problem, and we kind of use it in a bit of a pejorative sense... but I've actually grown to adopt that perspective that the choir needs good preaching - they need good information. They need good tools and insight.''' ,'''I'm most comfortable at the intersection of technology and helping people; that's really what gets me going and gets me excited and what I get most passionate about.''' ,'''Electing radical reformers as district attorneys is huge. It's essential.''' ,'''I've always loved technology - not gadgets so much... but I've enjoyed using technology to connect people to people and connect people to opportunities to do good.''' ,'''When you're trying to bust through the noise on social media, you do have to be overt and loud.''' ,'''When you turn 18 in the United States, you should be automatically registered to vote. Ideally, this sensible reform would be a federal law affecting all 50 states, Washington, D.C., and American territories, but our federal government stopped being sensible a very long time ago.''' ,'''Trump's America means many things, but this much is clear - it means toxic white masculinity is not just permitted, it's fully empowered - and getting worse.''' ,'''Some of the most destructive forms of racism - like being denied a home loan or being passed on for a job where you are the most qualified candidate - are hard to measure in real time.''' ,'''I was never a white guy pretending to be black. Not once, ever, did it occur to me that I was being phony or fraudulent or fake. Quite the opposite - I always believed I was living the truest form of my self.''' ,'''It was my long-held belief that police brutality would increase under the Trump administration.''' ,'''No man represents toxic white masculinity more than Donald Trump.''' ,'''I became personal friends with Erica Garner and with so many other families affected by police violence.''' ,'''Injustice has exhausted people but also pushed them to organize and fight back in very sophisticated ways.''' ,'''A tweet is fast. But everything about policy change is very slow. And a lot of us are impatient.''' ,'''My theory on momentum is that the best way to produce it is through small, hard-fought victories that lead to bigger battles and bigger wins. Winning builds momentum.''' ,'''While I fundamentally reject the notion that anyone who owned other human beings was either good, moral, or decent, Francis Scott Key left absolutely no doubt that he was a stone-cold bigot. He came from generations of plantation-owning bigots. They got wealthy off of it.''' ,'''When 63 million people voted to elect Donald Trump as the president of the United States, it opened up the floodgates for toxic white masculinity in America.''' ,'''The justice systems in San Diego, Alameda, and Sacramento counties are horrible.''' ,'''Anne Marie Schubert is one of the most horrible district attorneys in the state of California. She represents Donald Trump and Jeff Sessions. It's no wonder she continuously refuses to hold the police accountable for violence against people of color.''' ,'''We are living in tumultuous times, and our focus should be fighting against the oppression and injustices that are against us - not battling those who are on the same side of seeking justice and peace.''' ,'''When 3 million more people vote for a presidential candidate, but that candidate still loses, the system sucks. Period. It's broken. I think it's broken if the candidate loses by one vote and still wins. Losing by 3 million votes, but still winning the election, is preposterous.''' ,'''It takes guts in this country to refuse to be a Democrat or a Republican.''' ,'''I'm yelling in my mind as I write a tweet.''' ,'''Justice, particularly for the oppressed and marginalized in our society, never comes without great effort and sacrifice.''' ,'''Here's what I know for sure: every single vote counts. That's not just a saying.''' ,'''I fight against racism and bigotry because I care about the people who are experiencing it.''' ,'''Having come so close to death, I now value just how precious life truly is and want to ride what God gave me until the wheels fall off.''' ,'''I think, when people think of NFL athletes, they forget that they are citizens of this country, that they are bothered by the problems that we all face.''' ,'''We must put an end to the corruption and systemic racism in our justice system, and that starts by electing progressive district attorneys who will fight for real justice across the country.''' ,'''As you may know, I'm the co-founder of a political organization called Real Justice. Our goal is to help elect progressive, reform-minded prosecutors and district attorneys that are committed to ending mass incarceration.''' ,'''It's hard to understand a moment in history when you are in it.''' ,'''Because of tax laws governing charities, including almost every single civil rights organization you've ever heard of, including the NAACP, the Urban League, the ACLU, and others, those organizations are not allowed to endorse political candidates or use their resources in political campaigns of any kind.''' ,'''Politicians and lawmakers are willing to watch us take us a knee, watch us march, watch us picket and protest - and wait us out. They are willing and prepared to outlast us - and, in most cases, to do absolutely nothing about the problems we highlight and amplify.''' ,'''I know what it's like to be threatened. I know what it's like to be humiliated and targeted.''' ,'''When you are a coordinated partner, you are, in effect, on the campaign staff. You can talk to the whole staff and have virtually no limits on what you can discuss and strategize around. When you are an independent friend of the campaign, you are not allowed to strategize with the campaign on their political decisions.''' ,'''When Trump was elected, it gave white men - particularly white men in power - full, unfettered permission to say or do whatever they want without consequence.''' ,'''I love social media, and it is an important part of how we make change happen. But we can't retweet ourselves out of our most serious problems.''' ,'''When the primary people who have influence and power in our communities are not even really allowed to educate you on who to vote for and against, we're in trouble.''' ,'''In the United States, we've put our elections on Tuesday. That's dumb. In modern life, it makes absolutely no sense.''' ,'''I've made tons of mistakes over the past years, but if there's anything I've done well, if I see an opportunity, or if I see God moving or going in a direction or opening a door for me, I try to take it; I try not to hesitate.''' ,'''I love New York. It's my favorite city in the world. I live and work here by choice.''' ,'''Racism itself is difficult to measure. We can measure hate crimes - which are absolutely an indicator. We can measure reports of discrimination. We can measure the number of times hateful words are being used across the Internet. Those things all help us measure racism, but it can sometimes be nebulous.''' ,'''There are many great outlets that we love and respect, but 'The North Star' really is going to be a hard news outlet with reporters and journalists, White House correspondents. I think we'll be hard news with some cultural commentary.''' ,'''I refuse to allow the excuses in my mind to grow into giants that keep me from living up to my full potential.''' ,'''Never have I once identified myself as white.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if I've been wronged - I still have a responsibility to use my influence in a way that never causes harm.''' ,'''Much of the foundation of our criminal justice system is derived from slave patrols and was created when African Americans could still be bought, sold, and traded.''' ,'''While I am furious about injustice, I do what I do, fighting against it, out of a place of love.''' ,'''Of course Trump thinks he is above the law. For his entire life, he has been able to say and do whatever he felt like saying or doing - not just without consequence, but he has been able to say or do whatever he felt like saying or doing - and rise up all the way to the position of President of the United States.''' ,]
+++