+++
author = "Fionn Whitehead"
title = "Fionn Whitehead Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Fionn Whitehead Quotes"
keywords = "fionn whitehead,fionn whitehead quotes,fionn whitehead quote,fionn whitehead sayings,fionn whitehead saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not really a green juice kind of guy. I like feeling downtrodden and worthless when I walk around London and have someone click their tongue at me and tell me to speed up.''' ,'''I like to think I'm fairly grounded, and I have friends who will very happily tell me if I'm ever being big-headed. I know things will change. But I'm hoping it's nothing too drastic.''' ,'''There's a restaurant I go to whenever I can called The Richmond Cafe. It's a little Thai restaurant owned by a group of Thai women - I think they're all a family, and they're just really, really nice, and they make amazing massaman curry.''' ,'''I think you can overthink dealing with fame. To an extent, you've got to put yourself out there, but I feel like your work should really speak for itself, and I don't feel the need to go and make everyone like me because, to be honest, I'm not looking to be friends with the world. I'd much rather people watch the things that I'm in.''' ,'''The spirit of Dunkirk is something everyone grew up learning about. After Dunkirk, everyone came together and it set the tone in the U.K.''' ,'''I knew it was called 'Dunkirk,' Christopher Nolan was directing it, and it was a war film. That was all anyone knew.''' ,''''HIM' is much more of a British, coming-of-age series, while 'Stranger Things' is very obviously a sci-fi drama.''' ,'''You make yourself do the physical aspects for a Christopher Nolan film!''' ,'''My 'Dunkirk' co-star Harry Styles deals with some crazy fan stuff, but he's a very down-to-earth, lovely, funny guy.''' ,'''I don't really think much about how I would have fared in the Second World War. It's a topic that has to be treated with respect and subtlety, and you can't just go in all guns blazing and make an epic action film.''' ,]
+++