+++
author = "Helen Skelton"
title = "Helen Skelton Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Helen Skelton Quotes"
keywords = "helen skelton,helen skelton quotes,helen skelton quote,helen skelton sayings,helen skelton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People think you earn a fortune in TV, but that's not always the case, especially when you're working as a children's presenter.''' ,'''I am not an adventurer or a writer, I am a person who thinks life is too short and if there is something you fancy doing you should have a go and see how far you get.''' ,'''I was lucky enough to go to South America and kayak on the Amazon and camp in the jungle in 2011.''' ,'''Growing up on a Cumbrian farm showed me first hand that you get out of life what you put in. If you don't put crops in the ground, you can't feed your animals or earn money.''' ,'''When you are a journalist and there is a big story like Dominic Cummings, it's great to be at the heart of it. What I love, and it sounds a bit cheesy, is you feel connected to other people.''' ,'''Everyone asks me how to get into television. Ultimately, you have to work for free for years. As much as we enthuse about diversity, we are never going to be truly diverse because the system means only a certain section of society can do that.''' ,'''My kids are my priority, then my husband, then my life, then work.''' ,'''I was lucky to spend so long on 'Blue Peter' and 'Newsround' and if you are a bit giddy, like I am, a bit daft, like I am, and you are the kind of person who makes lots of public mistakes, like I do, then it's sometimes hard for people to take me seriously.''' ,'''For me having kids, it doesn't clip your wings, it gives you a different type of adventure to take, like you say you've got different priorities.''' ,'''You have kids and everything changes, and I guess before I had my kids I could do what I wanted and go where I wanted.''' ,'''I might not earn loads, but I can proudly say that I've travelled the world, met the Queen and flown with the Red Arrows.''' ,'''Losing two cousins who were really close to me altered my perspective on life massively.''' ,'''The scariest thing I ever did was give birth in the kitchen by myself, with my three-year-old bashing me on the head with a sword, but it's not like you have a choice is it.''' ,'''I am actually hoping to write a series of books! The Amazon was the first one I got finished and have managed to get published! I have plenty more ideas up my sleeve!''' ,'''I once went down the Amazon and our boat got charged by Columbian policemen with guns and we all had to get on motorbikes and whip across town.''' ,'''Swimmers do not get a lot of telly time so you are not dealing with a lot of egos.''' ,'''Adam Peaty is far and away the best swimmer in the world, and he's British. He set a world record - but the day after we were talking about my dress.''' ,'''After you have kids, you feel differently about your body. Aesthetically, am I happy with my body? No. I definitely think you come to view it as more functional. But you just get past it.''' ,'''Frankly, you're heading down a dangerous path if you take seriously what people say about you, and I don't read most of it.''' ,'''The swimmers ask me all the time 'is it going to be on telly more?' They want their families to watch them. Not every family can afford to go to Rio or Budapest. And it is nice for the clubs and coaches as well to see the people they have brought up.''' ,'''You should always encourage people. The worst that can happen is that they fail.''' ,'''I've been active and dedicated to health and fitness since I was 15 years old, but I don't do it because it's good for my backside, my abs or to look good. I do it because I enjoy it and get a total buzz out of it.''' ,'''I'm not body-conscious, but show me a woman who genuinely wants to show the tops of her thighs squashed on a leather bar stool.''' ,'''I often think about my dad. He couldn't name you half the government ministers but it doesn't mean that he hasn't got an opinion.''' ,'''That's just the culture that television breeds. No one wants to be difficult. You want to bring solutions, not problems.''' ,'''I know being an open, honest, outspoken person gets me into trouble all the time, but I don't know how to be any other way.''' ,'''Living on the farm taught me that life is unpredictable and you need to put money away for a rainy day.''' ,'''I am not Laura Kuenssberg and I'm never going to be.''' ,'''British swimming have created that environment where it is very friendly. And I think it is part of our sporting culture. Rainy Sunday, you go to the local swimming pool.''' ,'''I've done things that should be talked about, and covered serious issues that face our kids, but people aren't interested in that.''' ,'''I walked on a high wire at Battersea power station for Comic Relief in 2011. It was the scariest but the most exciting moment. I hated being on it but as soon as I stepped off I was desperate to get back on and do it again!''' ,'''I've got bigger legs than my husband, who's a rugby player, so trust me, if I was going to intentionally flash a part of my body, it wouldn't be my thighs!''' ,]
+++