+++
author = "Harry Morgan"
title = "Harry Morgan Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Harry Morgan Quotes"
keywords = "harry morgan,harry morgan quotes,harry morgan quote,harry morgan sayings,harry morgan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't care about the money. I'm just interested in the perks. I'll do a series if I am picked up by a limo, work only until 4, and the show is shot in Hawaii.''' ,'''I don't know if 'M*A*S*H' made me a better actor, but I know it made me a better human being.''' ,'''A lot of people live much more simply than in the old days. That doesn't bother me. Keeping busy is the problem. Television guest shot fees are going down. You can do a dozen guest shots a year, but you're not making that much money.''' ,'''I've never been more comfortable in a part than with Colonel Potter.''' ,'''I'd like to be remembered for being a fairly pleasant person and for having gotten along for the most part with a lot of the people I've worked with. And for having a wonderful life and for having enjoyed practically every minute of it... I think I'm one of the luckiest people in the world.''' ,'''The thing that made 'M*A*S*H' so good was the fact that we did have those relationships off-camera and took them on-camera.''' ,'''If I had had to struggle at the beginning like most actors... I'd never have stuck it out. But having such complete success at the beginning, I was stuck with being an actor for life.''' ,'''There'll never be another 'MASH.' There's nothing in the way of doing your best work on this set - absolutely nothing.''' ,'''An actor's most important responsibility is to know lines well.''' ,'''Television allowed me to kick the Hollywood habit of typing an actor in certain roles.''' ,]
+++