+++
author = "Mark Goddard"
title = "Mark Goddard Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Mark Goddard Quotes"
keywords = "mark goddard,mark goddard quotes,mark goddard quote,mark goddard sayings,mark goddard saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Demi Moore is a terrific woman and a hell of an actress.''' ,'''Lost In Space fans are going to get organized, because we'll see them showing up in all the theatres.''' ,'''In our first season we had a 22 rating. Today Seinfeld, a hit show, gets a 15. Lost in Space actually had a bigger audience than Star Trek got at that time.''' ,'''Life is about family and technology.''' ,'''With the Hubble telescope and all the other things that are out there, I believe something would have come through. Today, I really believe we are unique.''' ,'''People give me things at shows-the Robot from Japan. What I would treasure the most is a little doll of the general from the movie-and if they don't make it, I'll make my own and bring it to shows and sign it.''' ,'''I kind of fell into acting. I was very lucky.''' ,'''The kids like to get pictures of me for their parents. They know how proud I am of them-they have a lot more to worry about than my stardom. They are trying to make good choices for their own lives, but this gives them a little fun. They are part of my family.''' ,'''I was supposed to have a relationship with Judy, but that never happened. Actors in series didn't have the control that they have today over their jobs.''' ,'''Trying to give back a little bit is important.''' ,'''The question I always get is, Why didn't you throw Dr. Smith off the Jupiter? I get that all the time.''' ,'''Lost In Space is played on television somewhere in the world every day. It's been a cult show.''' ,'''The only person who had any control was Jonathan Harris. His character was so flamboyant that he was able to make things happen. My character was fairly one-dimensional, so I had my relationship with Dr. Smith and with the family.''' ,'''I don't have anything from the television series. I treasure the videotapes from Columbia House.''' ,'''There's a certain way you stand to give yourself authority, which gives you the texture for the part. I chose that my character hadn't been married, he'd worked his way up the chain of command. For a small cameo role, I gave it a lot of thought.''' ,'''They sent me the script, asking me to play the part of a general. I have never played the part of an authority figure. I've never thought of myself that way. I was uncomfortable with it, but I worked at it and knew I had a guttural voice for a general.''' ,'''Getting stopped for drunk driving in those days might mean that your entire career was over then. Not today.''' ,'''I'm not a great science fiction fan myself. I probably feel that way about Westerns. Like I used to play Cowboys and Indians, they can act out Will and the Robot.''' ,'''I couldn't have left my career as an actor on a better note than to have done a cameo in the Lost In Space movie. Doing this part is the highlight of my career. What a way to leave the profession!''' ,'''I would have liked it to have stayed serious and have the adventures of a family lost in space. This isn't to take anything away from Jonathan and the Robot. I watch his performance today and he still makes me laugh.''' ,'''I hope that they enjoy the movie. Don't be critical. Don't expect to get the same feelings you got when you watched the series when you were 10 years old. Let your kids see it and experience it on their own.''' ,'''I appeared on a show with Jonathan Harris on it-the Bill Dana show-even before Lost In Space. Someone gave me a tape of it in the past year, but in all these years we hadn't remembered.''' ,'''These are extremely talented actors who are all putting their talents into the Lost in Space movie.''' ,'''Let the machine take care of the machines, and I'll go spend more time with my family, or golf.''' ,'''One thing that is almost always said to me is, I grew up with you. They are meeting me and feel that they actually grew up with me. I was with them during their play hours and thinking hours. I was a part of their childhoods. That's one of the most amazing things.''' ,]
+++