+++
author = "Gautam Gambhir"
title = "Gautam Gambhir Quotes"
quotes_len = "120"
description = "the best 120 Gautam Gambhir Quotes"
keywords = "gautam gambhir,gautam gambhir quotes,gautam gambhir quote,gautam gambhir sayings,gautam gambhir saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Every relation forms its own defined and non-defined rules.''' ,'''My mood depends on how I treat my toothbrushes. Being a skipper is a strenuous job, and when you are going through a rough phase, obviously you start taking out your frustration. You can't take it out on anyone: you can't take it out on your teammates or your wife. The only person that is left is your toothbrush.''' ,'''I am very passionate about Indian hockey.''' ,'''There is no point in winning contests if you can't leave mental scars on the minds of the opposition teams.''' ,'''I have always maintained that bowlers win you a cricket match whatever the format.''' ,'''Cricket is a team game. If you want fame for yourself, go play an individual game.''' ,'''I don't enjoy cricket. I just take it as a priority... something that I have to do.''' ,'''I would never go to a cinema hall to watch a biopic on a cricketer. I am not a big fan of people making biopics on sportsmen, especially cricketers. I think there are far bigger people who have done much more for the country, and films should be made on them.''' ,'''I have been a part of the teams which had the original great man - Sachin Tendulkar. I remember in 2007-08 tour of Australia, Sachin paaji would get all the attention from the locals.''' ,'''You don't want to end up with a huge tally of runs after eight games but with your team out of contention.''' ,'''No one can act like Bachchan saab or bat like Virender Sehwag.''' ,'''Any opportunity you get to play for your country and wear that blue cap is an honour.''' ,'''I am talking as an Indian and not as as a cricketer. I believe we should not have any ties or relationship with Pakistan. For me, it is very important to protect our people.''' ,'''I've played my whole life for Delhi; I know what is good or bad for Delhi cricket.''' ,'''Things happen on the field. It has happened between me and other players, but we always left it out there.''' ,'''I have always loved the big stage and would often tell my friends while growing up that I'd want to help India win the World Cup one day.''' ,'''Sport doesn't work on knee-jerk reactions.''' ,'''I think only a batsman will be able to tell you about the goose bumps he gets after hitting a perfect cover drive. I'm one of them.''' ,'''India should not have any ties with Pakistan, be it Bollywood or cricket. I am shocked that Bollywood is saying that cricket and movies should be kept ahead of national sentiments.''' ,'''As a leader, you want your team to play as you are.''' ,'''I can bat in the morning, afternoon, evening, night, on ice, desert, wherever and whenever. It is almost nirvana for me. It takes me away from the stresses of life.''' ,'''I have been brought up watching the 'Rocky' series and 'First Blood' series. I am obviously a big fan of Sylvester Stallone.''' ,'''When you come out of your comfort zone, you can express yourself in front of the whole world, and there was no better stage to express yourself as a batsman and as a leader than IPL.''' ,'''Ravi Shastri has been claiming that Indian team was very successful under him, but he never told us that India lost ODI series to Bangladesh, lost ODI series to South Africa at home.''' ,'''I am a completely different person off the field, and my friends and family can vouch for that.''' ,'''Most of my diet is low on carbohydrates and fats.''' ,'''People make a mistake thinking that two people with identical mindset gel well.''' ,'''When I play for Delhi in Ranji Trophy, I try to help Delhi win, and when I play IPL for KKR, I aim to make KKR win.''' ,'''People are quick to form opinions online, but they're also quick to change them. If you have an opinion, stand by it and see it through. I stand by what I put up.''' ,'''I think that a leader is someone that needs to make an impact on, off the cricket field and in their lives as well.''' ,'''I am happy to lose spots on the IPL Fairplay award list, but I cannot see my team slipping on the points table.''' ,'''I came into the Indian team and was touted as someone who did well only against weaker oppositions. There were doubts creeping into my game. I was looking for support, someone to put an arm around my shoulder and say I am good and I belong to this place. Virender Sehwag is that someone for me.''' ,'''I am an intense person on the field. I always want to win, as it matters to me a lot. That's why I never like to lose the focus or intensity.''' ,'''When you go out on the field, you don't go out to make friends... I play to win the game and not just to compete.''' ,'''Sometime you need to give credit to the opposition.''' ,'''T20 runs should only be a criteria to get selected for a T20 side. The moment you start picking players in the one-day format by their T20 performance, then you are giving your domestic 50-over competitions absolutely no relevance.''' ,'''I want to do whatever will make my team win.''' ,'''I am a very strong believer in one thing. The more physically fit you are, the more mentally fit you get.''' ,'''When I'm playing a team sport, it's not about one individual, it's about everyone, from me to the other 23 people who were there, to all the support staff who've worked very hard behind the scenes.''' ,'''People who are talking about banning IPL, they should think about many other things that are troubling the country. People who want to look after IPL will do.''' ,'''Call me whatever you want; I'll always speak for the Army. Without understanding the extreme conditions they're in, you can't question the extreme action they take.''' ,'''One needs to be clear headed. I believe in all-round fitness.''' ,'''It used to hurt me that people thought I didn't have the technique and the temperament to play Test cricket.''' ,'''I think a captain is someone who captains on the cricket field but, most of the leadership that happens is off the cricket field. It's very easy to captain people on the cricket field, but if you can start leading them off the cricket field, and show them that trust, what you have in them.''' ,'''When I go on to the field, it is also like my office. I have to give my 100 per cent, and I have to be really committed to it. It's all about winning.''' ,'''If there is hockey or football and cricket on my television, I prefer to watch hockey.''' ,'''I believe in backing players and helping them out with their game.''' ,'''The day I feel like I can't contribute to the team's success, that's the day I am going to call it quits.''' ,'''When you feel comfortable about your game, you are in a happy space, feel at peace with yourself.''' ,'''Playing on a low surface is always difficult for anyone to play their strokes. You need to be more of a grafter.''' ,'''If you start beating opponents in their backyard is when you give yourself a chance to remain No.1.''' ,'''I know that my job is to score runs, and I will continue to do that.''' ,'''One thing I realised was that everyone is different. You can't compare two human beings.''' ,'''I think the only time I show my emotions and anger is on the cricket field; otherwise, I've mellowed down. And with age, I think, with age you always end up mellowing down.''' ,'''Every day, I get up to hit the gym; the schedule is such that it gives me the requisite energy to last the entire day. I stress on cardiovascular exercises, and the workout is programmed with my sporting schedule. Most of the fitness schedule is based on what I require for my upcoming matches.''' ,'''What happens on the field should stay on the field.''' ,'''There should be no cricket and Bollywood ties with Pakistan till Pakistan stops cross-border terrorism.''' ,'''Ultimately, the one who scores the winning run is a finisher, irrespective of whether he's an opening batsman or No 11. What matters is how much you are contributing. If you can win matches for your team, you are a finisher.''' ,'''I've always maintained - a captain is only as good as his team. It is not about my leadership, it is not about me.''' ,'''Life of people of this country is far more important than any sports or any other thing.''' ,'''I think you need to be a leader, not a captain. You may have seen a lot of captains in this country, but the most important thing is to be a leader.''' ,'''There are not enough turning pitches in India, which is why we are not getting good spinners.''' ,'''Sportsmen do not need Bollywood or film industry; they do not need publicity: it could be the other way round.''' ,'''I like finishing the games by dominating the opposition.''' ,'''Tests are special, the format closest to my heart.''' ,'''When you are playing against an opposition, you want to go out there and win a game, and for that, you have to be aggressive.''' ,'''Youngsters getting hooked to IPL is a dangerous sign for Indian cricket.''' ,'''I think Delhiites know how to party, but Kolkata has people who know how to celebrate. I think that's the main difference.''' ,'''Ultimately, DDCA is there to promote Delhi cricket. They are not there to promote themselves or set agendas. The primary job of DDCA is to look after cricket, see where Delhi cricket is going at all levels.''' ,'''Sometimes it's important to get out of that comfort zone and, I think, try new things, and sometimes you can express yourself better.''' ,'''Yes, I'm the same grumpy Gautam who smiles very less on the field. I go very quiet before going into the match. I guess it works for me, though my team-mates keep telling me it is just a game.''' ,'''Being an impatient guy, even off the field, I would always look to score runs and score them quickly. Sometimes I panic if runs are not coming.''' ,'''According to me, there couldn't be a better choice for India's coach than Anil Kumble.''' ,'''At one point, when I didn't make the 2007 World Cup squad, I was very, very frustrated. Then I became very hard on myself. Whenever I used to go to the nets, or when I trained in the gym, I was very hard on myself. I couldn't sleep; I used to think a lot. Very, very desperate to make a comeback.''' ,'''I want to be part of the team that wins a Test series in England and Australia.''' ,'''I grew up playing on unprepared surfaces where your wicket depended on quickly adapting to the bounce. As a kid, I could never differentiate off-spin from leg-spin. All I looked to do was to try to hit the ball before it pitched.''' ,'''It's not a successful captain that makes a successful team.''' ,'''I'm aggressive on the field and a team-man to the core.''' ,'''The face of the team are the people who're playing on the cricket field. The team is not about one individual.''' ,'''Yes, it is always good to contribute, but the most important thing is where we finish on the points table. That is more important to me than how many runs I score.''' ,'''I am very insecure because that's how I have played cricket. Since Under-14, I was told, 'If you don't perform, you will be dropped.' I have started living with this system.''' ,'''For me, it's fine to be aggressive and play hard. As long as you're not getting personal, it's fine, and you can do whatever you can to upset the opposition.''' ,'''For most part of my stint as KKR leader, I have always been one of the boys: easy-going, relaxed, and a bit of a prankster.''' ,'''If you ask me, a batsman has very few opportunities as compared to a bowler. A bowler knows, if he gets hit for a six or a boundary, he has another delivery left to get back and take a wicket. For a batsman, one loose shot, and you are out. A bowler will always have 24 opportunities.''' ,'''I never thought of starting a cricket academy because every second person is starting a cricket academy.''' ,'''Some individuals relish the fact that they are not drawing attention and can quietly go about their game while others want to show off.''' ,'''Whatever good or bad is said by former cricketers is considered gospel. Our media should not blow out of proportion the opinion of former cricketers.''' ,'''I've always maintained that the problem in India is that we only give credit to big contributions.''' ,'''You need different skills to do well in 50-overs cricket. You need completely different skills to do well in Test cricket. You need different skills to do well in T20 cricket. It is not the same.''' ,'''To me, form is not about scoring runs but how you feel about your game. Sometimes the runs are not there, but you know you are batting well, and that is good form for me.''' ,'''Our flag is our identity, and we can't disrespect or let anyone else disrespect our identity.''' ,'''A bowler will always say it's a batsman's game.''' ,'''A small country like Israel has compulsory military training. But countries like India, that are so much bigger, have no compulsory military training, so people don't understand how the military functions. They have no knowledge of how it works, no respect for it.''' ,'''Sometimes in a team game, the entire spotlight is on one man.''' ,'''National interest is above anything else. Just because you sit in an air-conditioned room, you can say you shouldn't relate cricket and movies to politics. Ask anyone who has lost a family member to terror attacks, and you will get your answer.''' ,'''Any quality player can adjust well to the different demands. It is like a good tennis player who is expected to adjust to the clay at the French Open, the grass at Wimbledon, the hard courts of the U.S. and the heat of the Australian Open. A professional is expected to do all that.''' ,'''Sledging makes things interesting. There are no robots playing. They are humans who want to perform well for the country. So when stakes are so high, emotions will take over. Sometimes sledging gets the best out of you.''' ,'''Obviously, you want to get big runs. But then, as a captain, you want to play on result-oriented wickets.''' ,'''Strike rates depend on the surfaces you play on.''' ,'''I play for India, I play for the 100 million people of my country.''' ,'''I love discussing my game with people who have similar mindsets.''' ,'''IPL is good for limelight and making money.''' ,'''I am a great believer that a captain is as good as his team.''' ,'''My primary job is to score runs and make KKR win, and that's what I am trying to do. Rest, I don't think too much. That's how I have always played my game.''' ,'''I love watching movies. I am a big movie buff.''' ,'''I may try and get into education. I may open a school, and that is my ultimate dream. Opening a school will give education to children, who are the future of our country. If we can educate them in a proper way, I think that will change the future of the country.''' ,'''When I got dropped for the World Cup, there were times I didn't want to play anymore. I didn't want to practise. I couldn't motivate myself. Then I said, 'Look what are the options?' Cricket is the only option. Whether I play happily or sadly, it's still all I have. There are not a lot of things I am good at.''' ,'''Kolkata Knight Riders is not about me. It is about the team.''' ,'''Ask any batsman what gives him maximum satisfaction. It's scoring runs, whether it's Ranji Trophy or any form of the game. When you get back to your room, knowing that you have scored a hundred, it gives you satisfaction.''' ,'''When I am captaining a side, the way I play would be the way my team plays as well. If I will be joking around all the time, I wouldn't expect people to take me seriously.''' ,'''Irrespective of whether Anil Kumble is the coach or Ravi Shastri, what's more important is that India wins.''' ,'''If a youngster can come up to me and share his problems or share his experiences or share something that he does off cricket, that can obviously help you build a better relation with one-on-one, and that can help you captain him on the cricket field.''' ,'''I always believe in giving a lot of security to players. When you pick someone, you pick someone with a lot of trust and stick with that someone.''' ,'''I genuinely do not even see the stats. It is just about the ability of the individual; what he brings to the table is all that matters.''' ,'''I do not usually follow a rigid fitness regimen, and most of it depends upon what goals I have in my mind.''' ,'''Winning is something that makes people happy.''' ,'''I've always wanted to do something for the defence forces - I've always said that the Army always has been my first love. It's about what they do selflessly for the country.''' ,'''In India, you need to look intense to be classified a good cricketing brain.''' ,'''I have never played cricket for selfish reasons like scoring 800-900 runs on flat tracks to make a comeback.''' ,'''White ball cricket can be taxing on bowlers and can be a distraction for a youngster, too.''' ,]
+++