+++
author = "Billy Magnussen"
title = "Billy Magnussen Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Billy Magnussen Quotes"
keywords = "billy magnussen,billy magnussen quotes,billy magnussen quote,billy magnussen sayings,billy magnussen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm very fortunate to get paid for something I love doing.''' ,'''I really think you can manifest your dreams. You can manifest your destiny. If you want something hard enough and you're willing to work for it, I think you can get it. I truly believe that.''' ,'''That's the difference between working on film and working in a play. In a play, you work on it, and you live in it and develop it and make it happen.''' ,'''Every role is the best role you've ever got. It's the only role you have.''' ,'''I'm not a big TV watcher guy; I like being outside.''' ,'''I want to be known for my performances and doing my craft well, not for funny stuff I post on Twitter or whatever.''' ,'''I eat eight times a day. But it's what my intake is. I eat all the time, but it's good stuff. You want to eat that chocolate? You want to eat that dessert? Have that apple or vegetable instead.''' ,'''I would totally, if Alan Cumming is tired of doing Cabaret, I'd be like, 'I'll do it tonight.' I would have such a good time doing that.''' ,'''I actually did Shakespeare when I was at North Carolina School of the Arts. I studied with Gerald Freedman and Mary Irwin - it was fun; I enjoyed it.''' ,'''I want to go base-jumping off Angel Falls and then canoeing down that river that goes east. That's what I really wanna do.''' ,'''I was always into sports and a lot of physical activities. My dad was a kickboxer and a body builder. My mom was an aerobics teacher.''' ,'''When I act, I feel like I am a color in someone else's painting - I can be the best blue that there is, but I'm still only part of their entire picture - but, with music, when I am performing with Reserved For Rondee, I am the painter, you know?''' ,'''I have just gained a deeper and deeper respect for acting and the whole art of it because you're really trying to live a life and to do the best justification for it.''' ,'''Doing the soaps, every day it's constant training. Dealing with camera angles, the other people - it's great training.''' ,'''There's nothing better than hearing someone laugh.''' ,'''I don't sing lead - I am not the lead singer - but I do sing some stuff sometimes.''' ,'''When you really want a role, you just put your soul in it.''' ,]
+++