+++
author = "Sean Hannity"
title = "Sean Hannity Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Sean Hannity Quotes"
keywords = "sean hannity,sean hannity quotes,sean hannity quote,sean hannity sayings,sean hannity saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm at peace with myself because what I talk about is the way I live.''' ,'''I really don't map out my life. There's no big plan.''' ,'''I like guts in my leaders.''' ,'''My wife does wish I dressed better.''' ,'''Is the president purposefully using propaganda and hyperbole to garner the American public for support?''' ,'''I think anybody that gives their opinion in a confident way everyday is going to be criticized.''' ,'''I hate when people use my tactics against me.''' ,'''One of my producers said this business is like a hamster on that little wheel thing that goes around and around. You may have a great day and get great ratings, but then you've got another show to do - whatever moment of success or happiness you have you've got to keep grinding it out for the next day.''' ,'''So the mayor of New Orleans would have used his own buses had the people had been white?''' ,'''Is it that you hate this president or that you hate America?''' ,'''I was born to argue... I don't know why. I mean, from arguing with my teachers and, on occasions, my parents. I think I've mastered the art of argument at a fairly young age.''' ,'''I am very disciplined in my life and very up front. It is the only way I can do it and do it well. I am up every day at 7, and I feed my kids, no matter how long the day was.''' ,'''I have never seen any such quote anyplace, anywhere.''' ,'''See what I have to put up with every night?''' ,'''It doesn't say anywhere in the Constitution this idea of the separation of church and state.''' ,'''You can play golf with liberals, be neighbors with them, go out to dinner. I just don't want them in power.''' ,'''I'm a registered conservative.''' ,'''One of the best lessons I learned early is that not everything in life is about you. It is about service. If you want trips and excessive gifts, then don't get into public service.''' ,'''I'm not impressed by people's degrees. Harvard doesn't impress me, Yale doesn't impress me, Columbia doesn't impress me.''' ,'''I believe in faith, family and country. I really keep it that simple.''' ,'''I think you need people of principle, of character, that are leaders, that take stands on important tough issues that will affect the future of this country.''' ,'''I am a total loser, in every aspect of my life. I rarely go out.''' ,'''My life has been a gift up to this point, and I've been blessed beyond my wildest imagination. And wherever this ride takes me is where I'm going.''' ,'''I don't think we should proselytize a particular religion.''' ,'''I have liberal friends. They are misguided, they are wrong. I disagree with them. I don't want them to vote. I want them to go on vacation in November.''' ,'''With guests who are 'in the middle of the fight,' we're able to hear their point-of-view on the topics, as well as advance our own feelings.''' ,'''Can we pray for the re-election of George Bush?''' ,'''I am a total loser, in every aspect of my life. I rarely go out. I have a great family and we spend all our time together. I work hard and play hard with them.''' ,'''Why should one U.S. airman give up his life when our national security is not in imminent danger?''' ,'''Governor, why wouldn't anyone want to say the Pledge of Allegiance, unless they detested their own country or were ignorant of its greatness?''' ,]
+++