+++
author = "Paul Hogan"
title = "Paul Hogan Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Paul Hogan Quotes"
keywords = "paul hogan,paul hogan quotes,paul hogan quote,paul hogan sayings,paul hogan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I enjoy being part of the entertainment industry, although I'm the laziest person that I've met yet in this business.''' ,'''I was flavour of the year for a couple of years, and then, like everyone else, I faded into obscurity. I didn't car;, I loved it.''' ,'''There are quite a few actors in the business who are much more difficult than kids or monkeys.''' ,'''I'm not an aspiring young actor; I'm a storyteller who made it late in life, and I'm therefore an inspiration to everyone who thinks that, at 23, if you're not in the Backstreet Boys, then you're never gonna make it.''' ,'''Well, there's nothing strange about Americans as a whole. But, Angelinos are different!''' ,'''It's got more cosmopolitan, and it's lost its uniqueness, but Australia is still a great place.''' ,'''The secret to my success is that I bit off more than I could chew and chewed as fast as I could.''' ,'''I only work every couple of years. I go into retirement between films.''' ,'''I'm the only person who's ever opened the Oscars or done a spot on the Oscars without a script and having it on autocue.''' ,'''Come and say G'day!''' ,'''There's a bit of truth in everything I do, you know.''' ,'''I didn't get into entertainment until I was like 31. I didn't star in a movie until I was 46.''' ,'''I don't like rehearsing.''' ,'''You're here to sweat. This program is live. There's about one thousand million people watching you. So, you remember - one wrong word, one foolish gesture and your whole career could go down in flames. Hold that thought and have a nice night.''' ,'''What career? A man's got a body of film of about four movies in about 10 years or something. I do it because I think I can do a good job of something and I'll enjoy it, do it, and sort of vanish. I don't want to be an actor for hire.''' ,'''I'd never walked on snow 'til I was 50, you know. There's no snow where I come from.''' ,'''People don't hassle me. It's always very friendly anywhere in the world.''' ,''''Crocodile Dundee' is about people; it's 10 seconds about crocodiles.''' ,'''Cricket needs brightening up a bit. My solution is to let the players drink at the beginning of the game, not after. It always works in our picnic matches.''' ,'''Rich and famous is not bad, but poor and famous sucks.''' ,]
+++