+++
author = "Claudio Ranieri"
title = "Claudio Ranieri Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Claudio Ranieri Quotes"
keywords = "claudio ranieri,claudio ranieri quotes,claudio ranieri quote,claudio ranieri sayings,claudio ranieri saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I started coaching in the Interregionale league in Catanzaro. There were pitches with no grass; at times, we had no water, no training equipment. I had to do it all myself.''' ,'''I'll admit I was curious about coaching a national team, but my experience with Greece was sufficient.''' ,'''Rebuilding has always been one of my specialities from the time I started with young players at Cagliari.''' ,'''I never hitched my wagon to anyone, so what I achieved over the years was done with only my results on the field.''' ,'''Inside me there are two people. One is a very aggressive - I want to win; I won the Premier League, but now I want to win on Saturday. I want to win next season - and is never satisfied.''' ,'''My wife is the expert, but I like art particularly. I like Van Gogh.''' ,'''The day my players relax, I get crazy. They know that.''' ,'''When you play in the Champions League, you are switched on - very, very smart and focused on every situation.''' ,'''In London, you can eat your way around the world - Lebanese one night, Indian the next.''' ,'''I am not like Mourinho. I don't have to win to be sure of myself.''' ,'''Everyone's second team in Italy is Leicester. In Thailand, the first team is Leicester. I've received letters from Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil - everywhere 'Leicester, Leicester, what a legend.'''' ,'''In my view, fitness training isn't that important in England, as they all train with such intensity anyway and have a competitive edge when just sprinting. The matches are all hard-fought, too.''' ,'''What football means to an Italian coach is tactics, trying to control the game by following the ideas and systems of the manager.''' ,'''When you work hard, when you believe in something, in the end, you will achieve something.''' ,'''It was fantastic to win the title with Leicester.''' ,'''I want to be strong because you believe in me. You have to trust me. I give my knowledge to you. That is my philosophy.''' ,'''I am the Thinkerman, not Tinkerman!''' ,'''Sometimes the manager says one thing and does another thing!''' ,'''I have to thank Leicester City Football Club. The adventure was amazing and will live with me forever.''' ,'''I have won trophies around Europe, but never the title. Three times, I was runner-up. Leicester and the fans will be in my heart for all of my life.''' ,'''I remember when I was first time in Serie A, we were down the bottom, no one was speaking about Cagliari. And we were safe, one day before the final match. With Parma, we went down, but we were positive right to the end. There are the little details, but you have to continue.''' ,'''It is important to understand the philosophy of the city and country.''' ,'''It is very important to be humble but to maintain the conviction that we can do something good.''' ,'''What matters is getting the best out of the squad you have.''' ,'''In my opinion, if you only show quality but no fighting spirit, you are half a player.''' ,'''I want to buy pizza, but my players don't want pizza; maybe they don't love pizza. Because I said when we make a clean sheet, I will buy everybody a pizza. Maybe they wait until I say, 'Okay, a good dinner.' I told them, the clean sheet, I buy everybody a pizza. I think they wait until I improve my offer: 'Okay, a pizza and a hot dog.'''' ,'''Mourinho is a fantastic manager, intelligent, clever. He is OK.''' ,'''Thinking of the dismissal by Leicester, the first thing that comes to mind is a sense of surprise even more than of bitterness.''' ,'''All the time, I said to my players, 'I don't care about the name on the badge or the name of the opponents.'''' ,'''My idea about football is to play well, but even if you can't always play well, one thing I want is your character, your spirit. That is all I can ask of you.''' ,'''For me, it is important to stay close to my players.''' ,'''You use up a lot of mental energy in the Champions League.''' ,'''I don't believe bookmakers.''' ,'''If you are a loser in this sport, you are a loser also in life.''' ,'''I do not have much time for relaxation, but when I can, I like to read.''' ,'''Every team believes they are better after the transfer window.''' ,'''It's not possible to win all matches.''' ,'''If you are a gladiator, a fighter in this sport, in life you can be the same.''' ,'''Under pressure, I don't go down, I go up.''' ,'''My idea is that players need to recover first, train later.''' ,'''It is important to understand what your team can do.''' ,'''There is too much unhappiness in football, no?''' ,'''It's important you give confidence.''' ,'''Words are fine, but the most important thing is what happens on the pitch.''' ,'''I'm from Italy, the home of Vivaldi, Rossini, Puccini. When I stopped playing and became a manager, football became like a beautiful piece of music to me - and the players, an orchestra.''' ,'''It's not important how many mistakes you make; it's about how many chances you create and how many goals you score. That is my philosophy.''' ,'''I think I am a nice man, but also, I am demanding.''' ,'''I think everyone now rotates. The Tinkerman was one; now there are a lot of tinkermen!''' ,'''I always question myself, but I always say, 'Come on, we can do something good.'''' ,'''They call me The Tinkerman. Wherever I go people say 'Ah ha, there is The Tinkerman.'''' ,'''I try to forget the past.''' ,'''I'm not friends with my players, but I am very close to my players. When I speak to them, I want to speak to the man, always the man.''' ,'''All managers are under pressure. It's our life, always. It's about how we manage the pressure, the victory, we have to manage everything, even me - the bookmakers put me under pressure every time!''' ,'''If I continue to work as a coach, it is because my passion and love for football, for the players, is still there.''' ,'''We must respect the referee every time.''' ,'''Football is open; it is not only keeping possession of the ball and making more passes.''' ,'''What is important is to find the best solution for your players.''' ,'''I like English spirit.''' ,'''It is with passion that I love my job. But it is with character that I am able to keep looking forward. Not just beyond criticism or bad results, but also beyond the good moments, too. Everything has to be a balance.''' ,'''I am a lucky man because when I was young, I wanted to be a footballer. Suddenly, around 30 years old, I thought, 'I want to try to be a manager because it's different.'''' ,'''It is important to always look forward.''' ,'''I am not a man who wants revenge.''' ,'''With Chelsea, the job was this: move up to the top, get into Europe. And I did that - fourth place in the Premier League and then into the Champions League, the season before Abramovich and all the money arrived.''' ,'''When we won the title, I received gifts and cards, bottles of wine, and Champagne. When I was sacked, my house was full.''' ,'''If you aren't a loser, you fight; you continue to fight, believe.''' ,'''I am a serious man, a loyal man.''' ,'''Over the years I've learned that, to be a good manager, you need to have passion, and you need to have a strong character. Without those things, the job is very, very difficult.''' ,'''I hear what they're saying. I ask my English tutor, 'What is this word 'tinkerer?''''' ,'''We work so hard. Everyone does, but only one can win.''' ,'''You really can eat well in England - if you have the money.''' ,'''I won the most important league in Europe, I think - not just Europe but the world - the Premier League.''' ,'''I have a lot of admiration for those who build tactical systems, but I always thought the most important thing a good coach must do is build the team around the characteristics of his players.''' ,'''If you play well, win, don't change too much. But when you don't play well, lose, you have to give the opportunity to the other players.''' ,'''If I am angry, I am angry. If I am angry, then I have to be calm, and to be calm, I have to tell you to your face what I think about you. If we don't agree, then okay, 'Bye!' It's no problem.''' ,'''I think the strength of the man is to have the right balance. Not to be so high when you win; not to be so down when you lose.''' ,'''I am a loyal man.''' ,'''What I have to say, I say face to face.''' ,'''Am I too loyal to my players? I could be, could be.''' ,'''If you go in Spain, you have to play with another style. The English culture is the English culture. If you come here, you have to play in this style.''' ,'''The battle is long, but that's football, sport.''' ,'''The love the people of Leicester showed towards me was incredible. Even more than winning the Premier League.''' ,'''The pressure is on the big teams.''' ,'''My emotions are strong when I start the season.''' ,'''I think everyone is the perfect owner.''' ,'''It's important to go out on the pitch and make a fantastic performance.''' ,'''I love the English spirit because when I was a player, I was an Englishman: I was fighting, and you had to kill me if you wanted to win.''' ,'''All my players must be ready because, sooner or later, I will need them.''' ,'''I don't like pasta.''' ,'''I respect everybody.''' ,'''When I played, I was an English-style centre-half. Always with my heart, always with my fighting spirit.''' ,'''It's one thing trying it in training and another entirely on the pitch.''' ,'''My love for football and the players are always very strong.''' ,'''I am very clear and very honest. I can say one thing, and you look at my face, and it is clear.''' ,'''I believe only in the mathematics.''' ,'''Every country is different, every league is different - all the culture.''' ,'''I always want fighting spirit first.''' ,'''When you are in the big competition for the first time, you grow, and then you lose something when you go back into your own competition.''' ,'''Wherever I go, the club is never to stay on the same square on the board: they have to move up. I don't know if it's coincidence, some calling, or destiny - but whatever it is, it's the story of my life.''' ,'''Football is about dreams, about feeling a special sensation, giving a surprise, and inspiring joy.''' ,'''I always tell my players to find the fire within themselves.''' ,]
+++