+++
author = "Jack Monroe"
title = "Jack Monroe Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jack Monroe Quotes"
keywords = "jack monroe,jack monroe quotes,jack monroe quote,jack monroe sayings,jack monroe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Working 90 hours a week is easily racked up when you're self-employed and rely on portable tech to do your work; your train journeys, toilet breaks, leisurely walks, bedtime, can all become 'working hours'. Reclaim them.''' ,'''I remember loving food tech because of the precision and the creativity, the weights and measures, the tiny glimpses of flavour.''' ,'''Working behind the cocktail bar was a different kind of escapism, a creative outlet with a newfound respect for alcohol. I didn't drink as I was also working day shifts in a coffee shop and, later, the fire service, and needed my wits about me to pull off my 60-hour working weeks.''' ,'''Learning to cook at school gave me the confidence to experiment in the kitchen when I left home in my late teens - I wasn't intimidated by it.''' ,'''I put my son's nutritional needs first, and existed on pasta and thin air more times than I would dare to admit.''' ,'''Food poverty comes in two strands. The first is not having enough money to buy food for yourself and your family. The second is poverty of education.''' ,'''At 11, following comprehensive psychiatric and cognitive assessments, an educational psychiatrist appointed by my high school recommended that I attend a school for 'gifted and talented' children.''' ,'''You don't see very many Irish-Cypriot pop-up restaurants kicking about!''' ,'''I think as much as people moan at things like award ceremonies, it gives people role models. It provides real positive reinforcement that you can be who you are and still massively achieve.''' ,'''Tins with ringpulls tend to belong to those with slightly more disposable income; look at the Basics and Value ranges next time you are in the supermarket and you will see that they require a tin opener to get into them.''' ,'''The thing with my recipes is, I don't have hours to faff about in the kitchen. My recipes are all 15, 20 minute, chop it up and stick it in the oven.''' ,'''Yet there is clearly something about bold, neurodivergent women and girls that prompts powerful men to scrape the sides of their own putrid barrels of opinion to attack this 'terrifying' otherness.''' ,'''Actually if you were to buy a bag of dried lentils it would cost you a couple of quid. Some people don't have that to spend in the first place. And not everyone wants to eat lentils.''' ,'''Austerity is, devastatingly, not a party political issue.''' ,'''Because I'm in the media quite a lot now, everyone assumes that everything is fine. People forget I sleep on a mattress on the floor with my son in a house I share with five other people.''' ,'''I was a bit of an accident really - I certainly didn't set out to write a cookbook or three. I didn't have a plan. I was unemployed, writing a blog about local politics and a few recipes, and it was more successful than I could ever have imagined it to be.''' ,'''I wear Doc Martens leather boots, so I'm not a vegan. I am a vague-one.''' ,'''I moved back home to Southend in 2015 for a quieter life.''' ,'''I'm not organised, and I don't cope well with deadlines, structure and routine. I'm chaotic. Always have been.''' ,'''Food is a weapon in austerity Britain. Hunger, the threat of and the reality of, is used to coerce and control.''' ,'''We have an odd culinary relationship with tinned food. In higher society, rare and supposedly exquisite goods such as tinned baby octopus, foie gras and caviar come in beautifully crafted, artistically designed tins.''' ,'''I think the thing about cooking from tins for me that I really enjoyed was... the convenience of it, the slight entertainment side of it. Just the surprise of being able to crack open a couple of tins, pour them into a pan, and 15 minutes later you've got a fantastic dinner on the table.''' ,'''We hear time and again what a prosperous, affluent country Britain is, the sixth richest in the world. But aren't we ashamed that people who need emergency food handouts are eating cold beans and stewed steak from the tin, or handing it back, because they can't even heat it up?''' ,'''Yes, scrambled eggs are lovely, and I've eaten them, and enjoyed them, and that was OK. Now I don't want to any more, and that's OK too.''' ,'''I live in a world where I want everyone to be able to put beurre blanc on the table for dinner.''' ,'''If you consider each individual tin as just the building block for a larger recipe, it doesn't really make much difference whether it comes from a tin, or whether it's fresh because it's just being used in a lot of other things.''' ,'''The last time I celebrated a special occasion, I hashed together a paella with some chicken, some frozen veg, long-grain rice, chilli and a shake of turmeric for colour - and it didn't disappoint.''' ,'''I think I'll be around as long as there is a market for simple, basic, non-intimidating food.''' ,'''Talk to families in poverty and ask them what they need, instead of prescribing it for them. Ask what the barriers are. Ask what would help. And then deliver it.''' ,'''I have always been an oddball. I was a loner at school, and largely still am, preferring to shut myself away with my work and books than go to parties.''' ,'''A lot of people don't feel heard. I want to take their concerns to MPs. If I have to stand seven times before I'm elected, I will. Call me Jack Farage.''' ,'''Many families teeter on the edges, not qualifying for the little support on offer, unwilling to seek it for fear of drawing attention to a household barely holding the pieces together, or hit by unexpected bills.''' ,'''I was a young mother with a dependent. I went from nice flat and fire service job to cold and hungry with a child. I lived rough for two years, with six months relying on the food bank.''' ,'''I got over the whole British eating-with-hands phobia very quickly when I was working with Oxfam in Tanzania.''' ,'''I look back and nearly all of my early jobs were in food.''' ,'''I eventually turned the fridge and freezer off - they were empty anyway - and the boiler, desperate to save money, shocking myself awake in the morning with the shortest, coldest showers, and boiling a kettle of water twice a week to bath my young son.''' ,'''Party politics are quite upsetting. I've been a member of the Labour party, the Green party, the Women's Equality Party, the National Health Action Party and now I'm not a member of any.''' ,'''People nag me about my weight, my cooking, my tattoos, my hair, my sexuality, everything. I can deal with all that because I'm still doing my job and I kind of like myself.''' ,'''You can pretty much make anything with a base of tinned tomatoes. If I don't have tinned tomatoes in my cupboard, I start to panic - it's a genuine thing.''' ,'''There's all kinds of research that shows children operate best if they start the day with some proper food inside them - it's a no-brainer.''' ,'''A startling confession for a food writer: all through high school, I struggled with a severe eating disorder.''' ,'''Politics has become so polarised. We're stuck between the Ukip-lite Tories and Jeremy Corbyn. How is that a choice?''' ,'''Cheese is one of the world's great foodstuffs and I speak as someone who would once happily snarf a packet of American-style cheese singles in front of the telly on my own.''' ,'''When I was at my lowest point I had a lot of help from charities, food banks, to see me through so it is nice to start to give something back.''' ,'''I never learned to cook, so I've got no rules. I'll put things together just because I think they belong together.''' ,'''I know that I can cook well on a low budget so I can't really justify spending a fortune on food.''' ,'''After you've cut back everything else, food is the last to go. I didn't mind putting an extra jumper on if I had food in the fridge. It was the point where I had an extra jumper on and no food in the fridge that I realised things had gone badly wrong.''' ,'''Don't say things about people that aren't true... because there are consequences for that.''' ,'''We need to aim to get rid of food banks altogether, and replace charitable intervention with a fairer, more equal society.''' ,'''But it's a disgrace that food banks are needed in the first place, patching up the holes left by an inefficient and downright barbaric attack on the meagre safety net of what remains of a notion of 'social security'.''' ,'''I've had success, but I'm still haunted by the fear of being hungry. Once you've lived it it never leaves you.''' ,'''When I was born my parents lived in a flat so small that it now legally can't be rented out as a dwelling.''' ,'''I left home at 18, I thought I knew everything. It was fun for a while and then it wasn't fun any more.''' ,'''If I've learned anything in the last seven or eight years it's that my career flies by the seat of my pants and that every time I'm booked for something, I'm ill, and anything - like a TV opportunity - I treat as my last ever one because it's maybe my swansong.''' ,'''Food is such a basic need, a fundamental right, and such a simple pleasure.''' ,'''I'm well-known for saying unsayable things.''' ,'''I have been cooking vegan recipes for a long time, long before the release of my first cookbook, because in the rubbish old days of scraping by on mismanaged, delayed and suspended benefits, meat and dairy products were often just too expensive, in contrast to their kinder counterparts.''' ,'''I have a surprisingly large appetite anyway and I don't drive, I walk everywhere, I don't sit down at the moment and I pace the hallway when I'm on the phone. I think that if I didn't eat large amounts of carbs and cheese I would wither away into a husk.''' ,'''Until people realise benefits doesn't mean scrounger, and austerity isn't a fun middle-class way to grow your own vegetables, there's still a lot of work to do.''' ,'''I tend to tell my readers to go for the cheapest ingredients every time, unless they're unbearable. If so, you only need to have them once and the next week switch up.''' ,'''Regular readers will know that curries are my favourite thing, and I wanted to go back to the start and really research the history and philosophy of Indian cuisine, rather than just toasting spices, slow-cooking onions. I was hungry to understand this food that I love so much.''' ,'''I had such a run of bad luck that you lose faith that good things are going to happen any more. I still don't answer the door because I went through so long expecting it to be a bailiff.''' ,'''I'm very careful with the money I have, I pay myself the living wage, and I try to save the rest, because if life has taught me one thing it's that you never know what is around the corner.''' ,'''It would be better to incentivise people into work with secure jobs and decent wages, than to try to starve them into submission.''' ,'''If the thought of cold tomato soup makes you shudder, take it from a veteran, it's like a creamy gazpacho, but in a decent society, nobody should have to find out.''' ,'''I suffer panic attacks, anxiety attacks, seemingly random triggers that immobilise me, render me useless but simultaneously unable to explain myself.''' ,'''Poverty took me from being the girl who was always the lead in the school play, to a woman who can't open her own front door.''' ,'''I'm not going to have any more children. I'm quite confident about that.''' ,'''For some people, pronouns are a very important part of how they identify. I completely understand that. For me, I have more of a looser interpretation.''' ,'''It's definitely not the case that every child living in poverty is eligible for free school lunches.''' ,'''In my experience, yelling at people that they are wrong and disgusting rarely wins the argument, nor changes point of view.''' ,'''I'm doing my bit to encourage people to try vegan by making vegan food affordable and accessible and absolutely delicious.''' ,'''Tinned food can be cheaper than buying fresh stuff. Things like tinned carrots, tinned potatoes, mushy peas make a good base for a soup.''' ,'''My bark is far, far worse than my bite.''' ,'''My politics are food-related - food banks, the living wage, zero hour contracts - and my food is political.''' ,'''I had no fake ID and looked 14 until my first grey hairs came in a couple of years ago.''' ,'''I spent 18 months with the furniture parked in front of the radiators, cooking as quickly as I possibly could to use the least amount of gas and electricity. I unscrewed the lightbulbs in the hallway, unplugged everything at the wall so not even the LCD display was blinking away on the oven.''' ,'''Even in my genre, cookery, just look who gets on the television. Jamie Oliver, Gordon Ramsay, Nigel Slater. All very nice men. All white middleflclass men.''' ,'''But I know that trying to black out my past with oblivion will just damage my future. I made the decision to stop running from my fears, and to walk slowly and deliberately towards self-nurture, self-respect, and better mental and physical health.''' ,'''I can be wildly enthusiastic and want to try to do everything that I feel would be useful and educational and beneficial - but I've crashed and burned a few times.''' ,'''Sweetcorn, mushy peas, beans, lentils, are all basic staples that can be thrown together into a variety of surprising meals.''' ,'''All my politics and campaigning has been around issues that affect women: violence against women, welfare cuts to women.''' ,'''As a kid we would eat moussaka with mash. We had a real fusion of two cultures that no-one has dared to fuse since.''' ,'''Those of us referred to food banks are the lucky ones with a good doctor or health visitor who knows us well enough to recognise that something has gone seriously wrong.''' ,'''During my time at Essex county fire and rescue service, barely a shift went by without receiving a call from an elderly person who had fallen in their home, or from their concerned neighbour or carer.''' ,'''And I'm autistic, which means I can be hyperfocused but also all over the place at the same time. I think I'm very lucky to have found cooking because it's the one area where a brain like mine really thrives.''' ,'''I'm of Cypriot heritage, we have no concept of portion control.''' ,'''All kids are fussy eaters - they go through phases where they'll only eat red food or they just want to eat porridge. With fussy kids, the best thing to do is use what they do like and work around it.''' ,'''It took 24 years for me to harness my autistic traits into something useful, and I have grown to regard them as a kind of superpower. Cooking, to me, is akin to algebra, and my mind a pocket calculator.''' ,'''Not all Tories are atrocious heartless fiends, I concede. But those who wield hunger as a weapon while claiming their own meals on expenses, are beyond satire.''' ,'''I'm not the spring chicken everyone wants. I've got a debilitating illness. The brave face is 'I'm busy with work' but I've sort of chucked myself on the scrapheap. That's why I'm single. I've resigned myself to being a difficult woman.''' ,'''I was working with the fire service in a job that should have been a job for life, with career progression, with a pension and promotion, and within a year I was sleeping on a sofa under a section 21 notice being evicted from my home and not eating or four days.''' ,'''Gas prices and train fares seem to be the two commodities for modern British life that base their prices on a whim, or numbers plucked out of thin air, without a thought to the real cost to those for whom those price hikes mean unimaginable sacrifices in their day to day lives.''' ,'''I write cheap recipes for struggling families and single people, and have donated 800 copies of my newest cookery book to food banks and other good causes.''' ,'''I remember going on adventures with my older brother and, when I was 11, being allowed to go to the corner shop alone, and filling up a bag with penny chews, Fruit Salads, Bruiser bars and Black Jacks.''' ,'''My pregnancy changed my relationship with my body because I went from despising it to marvelling at what it can do.''' ,'''I'm publicist, patron of nine charities, creative director, food consultant, recipe developer - and mum.''' ,'''Benefit sanctions have been applied in cases where a person has failed to turn up to the jobcentre because they are in hospital following a heart attack. A woman was sanctioned for attending cancer treatment. A man was sanctioned for attending a funeral.''' ,'''My parents tended to cook big batch food because there was always the possibility that other children would turn up with their carrier bag and shoes and we had to gently bring them out of their shells.''' ,'''I want to empower people who might have lost their way in the kitchen or never known their way around it in the first place. And just go, this is a thing you can do, you can do this, and if you want I can show you how.''' ,]
+++