+++
author = "Rachel Hurd-Wood"
title = "Rachel Hurd-Wood Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Rachel Hurd-Wood Quotes"
keywords = "rachel hurd-wood,rachel hurd-wood quotes,rachel hurd-wood quote,rachel hurd-wood sayings,rachel hurd-wood saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't believe in ghosts.''' ,'''I'm not dark; I'm not. The main thing I consider in accepting a role is less the tone of the movie and more whether I think it's a good film, whether I like the character and whether I think I could do it. I don't think, 'Oh, I've done X amount of dark films.'''' ,'''A really irritating thing when you're watching a film is if somebody's accent isn't bang-on - it distracts you from getting into the story because you're thinking: 'Where are they from?'''' ,'''I'm uncomfortable with the limelight. I'm not the type to go to the places where I know I'll be seen. I'd rather keep a low profile.''' ,'''As a kid at school, I had a lot of really good teachers and I had a lot of really bad teachers, and I just know how much of an impact those can have on a young child. To be one of the good teachers - I want to have that kind of impact.''' ,'''I live in Surrey, but up until the age of eight I lived in London. And the way I heard about this 'Peter Pan' film was there was an open-call audition that I'd heard about, or read about, and I just thought, 'Oh, I'll go along for the fun.' Because I never dreamed in a million years I'd ever get it.''' ,'''I would really like to play someone contemporary, as I've done lots of period pieces. I would love to play an American bimbo or a grimy Londoner. But I'm probably more suited in people's minds to playing a corseted victim.''' ,'''I've always liked drama; I've always found it really fun, like, I did go to drama club and things like that.''' ,'''It was never my goal to be an actor.''' ,'''I'm sick of having red hair, but people seem to like that aesthetic.''' ,'''I love comedy, but it has to be hysterical and really amusing; I'm not really a big fan of romantic comedies, in fact I can't stand them. I'm really more of a fan of 'Team America' and 'Dodgeball.'''' ,'''I've been a victim in every film I have done so far. It would be nice to play someone who doesn't get killed for once. Then again, I am getting really good at screaming and fake tears.''' ,''''English Rose' - what does that actually mean? That I am pale? That I am English, maybe? They are going to say that about any actress from this country!''' ,]
+++