+++
author = "Anna Ewers"
title = "Anna Ewers Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Anna Ewers Quotes"
keywords = "anna ewers,anna ewers quotes,anna ewers quote,anna ewers sayings,anna ewers saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like to head upstate to the Catskills, to Woodstock.''' ,'''Brigitte Bardot is an icon, and her look is timeless. She is seen as one of the most beautiful women of all time. I feel very honored to be compared to her.''' ,'''I don't like to diet, so I work out with a trainer a few times a week. We do kickboxing and strengthening - it's hard! I also do yoga and love to walk everywhere. I live in Brooklyn, so walking is the best way to discover the city and the neighbourhoods.''' ,'''Kate Moss, for example - she's never given a lot of interviews. She stays so mysterious. Nobody knows who she is, really.''' ,'''For a natural look, I just use a little concealer and mascara.''' ,'''I've learnt the best way to put on the fragrance is by spraying it and walking into it so it's all over you.''' ,'''It is always comforting to be around people you like and know!''' ,'''When I go out, I just put on a little mascara - Chanel is my favourite - and fragrance. I actually apply fragrance right out of the shower - I spray and walk through it so it's not too overpowering.''' ,'''I try to not wash my hair a lot because it takes the moisture out of the hair. If I don't work, I wash it every two or three days. I don't brush my hair after I wash it, and I let dry naturally.''' ,'''When I wear Hugo Boss 'The Scent For Her', I feel more confident, attractive, and seductive - it's the perfect fragrance for a date.''' ,'''My first interviews, I didn't know what to say. I was really, really shy. It's overwhelming sometimes.''' ,'''I'm very lucky. I'm not too exposed to social media and is going quite well for me. I like to have my privacy.''' ,'''There was a model in my high school. She was like, 'You're so pretty. You should come see my agency'.''' ,'''I love Weleda Skin Food and Avene's Moisture Mask, especially if I've been travelling. Weleda also makes great deodorants and body oils - my mum introduced me to them long ago.''' ,'''I think it's really important to not stress out about anything.''' ,'''My best beauty secret ever is to drink a lot of water!''' ,'''With modelling, a lot happens behind the scenes; all the fittings and hair and makeup. Then the runway takes two minutes - you just walk out and come back in!''' ,'''Daria Werbowy is my beauty icon.''' ,'''I like to walk around. And I have a really big garden in Brooklyn. Growing tomatoes in my backyard feels very rewarding.''' ,'''I like cycling and swimming and walking everywhere. I'm not going to the gym. I like being outside rather than inside a room.''' ,'''I like going after work back to Brooklyn because it is so much more relaxed and chill.''' ,'''I like a man who smells manly. I love the smell of nature.''' ,]
+++