+++
author = "Zach Wamp"
title = "Zach Wamp Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Zach Wamp Quotes"
keywords = "zach wamp,zach wamp quotes,zach wamp quote,zach wamp sayings,zach wamp saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know it starts at home, but all families are not staying together.''' ,'''In this post 9-11 world we live in, it is critical we take steps to improve the safety and security of the Trucking Industry which has proven to be our most mobile and flexible mode of transporting goods.''' ,'''With freedom comes responsibility, and I can think of no responsibility greater than putting on a U.S military uniform and standing in the gap between an enemy threat and civilian life.''' ,'''The pro-growth policies and spending restraint of Conservatives work.''' ,'''But Hezbollah now has reared its ugly head in a way that threatens the entire free world. And they want, by their own charter and definition, the destruction of Israel and Christians. That is the truth. That is in their charter.''' ,'''Frankly, alcohol leads to a lot of other things when you start drinking at 12-years old. It is a big problem that needs to be addressed. Frankly, the industry has pushed us back and pushed us back.''' ,'''The U.S. along with China, Japan, South Korea and Russia has an important role to play in containing North Korea's nuclear ambitions and exerting all the influence we can possibly exert.''' ,'''Hamas, also elected to governmental leadership in Palestine, includes the jihadists, people who have declared war on the United States of America and its ally, Israel.''' ,'''We must pass a national energy policy to continue our successes in the War on Terrorism.''' ,'''Before I begin talking about the threats we face, the vulnerabilities that we have, and frankly the courage of the men and women in uniform that stand in harm's way on behalf of a very grateful Nation, let me first honor the sacrifices of September 11.''' ,'''Those are serious questions of war and peace, of freedom or tyranny, whether or not there is ever going to be a hope of us instilling some democratic systems in a part of the world that frankly is breeding hate and destruction directed right at us.''' ,'''Now, the United Nations is an organization that I believe was founded with good intentions. As a matter of fact, a prominent Tennessean named Cordell Hull was very involved with it.''' ,'''Thank you for the sacrifices you and your families are making. Our Vietnam Veterans have taught us that no matter what are positions may be on policy, as Americans and patriots, we must support all of our soldiers with our thoughts and our prayers.''' ,'''For twenty years, Islamic Jihadists have been attacking American interests around the world and we did not take them seriously until September 11th, 2001.''' ,'''When you know something in your heart, you better not be quiet about it. You better speak out about it.''' ,'''I really believe deep in my soul that we're going to have to step up and face these challenges and be tough and pull together and unify and be creative and be willing to sacrifice.''' ,'''And I am a conservative. Sometimes conservatives forget we are supposed to conserve, to save, to be efficient. Plus our dependence on other sources of energy is causing our country to not be independent and to really be vulnerable. So this is a security issue.''' ,'''I used to be in the real estate business, and I have three areas of interest: Chickamauga Lock, Chickamauga Lock, and Chickamauga Lock.''' ,'''That was one of the great successes of removing Saddam Hussein, as we took Iraq out of the picture of having a sovereign nation from which the terrorists could operate. But this war has not gone perfectly.''' ,'''There is no accountability in soft money. None.''' ,'''In closing, let me just thank God, on the floor of the House, for not turning away from us even though we seem to be turning away from Him.''' ,'''Agriculture was the first manufacturing industry in America and represents the best of all of us.''' ,'''Over this August district work period, like many of my colleagues, I spent a lot of time with the men and women in uniform from my home State. The 196th Field Artillery Brigade just got back from a year in Afghanistan.''' ,'''Because these kids get away from their parents, and they binge drink until they are sick. Dozens of them are going to the hospital, and some of them dying. This is a problem, a big problem that needs to be addressed, and we need accurate information.''' ,'''Today the people from my State of Tennessee would listen to this debate, or even talk about a reference to God on our money or in the Halls of Congress or in our Pledge and say, please, let common sense and logic win the day and prevail versus legal mumbo jumbo.''' ,'''We should not be afraid to go into a new era, to leave the old beyond.''' ,'''With only 2 percent of the world's proven reserves of oil, we in the United States can pump until we are blue in the face and it will not change the fact that we need more diverse and more secure sources of energy.''' ,'''You can't legislate or litigate good, healthy behavior but we must be willing to educate people at an early age about the affects of unhealthy living.''' ,'''I believe the National Park Service has demonstrated strong partnerships geared towards respecting the private property of citizens in its administering of the current Trail of Tears National Historic Trail and will continue to do so upon the addition of the routes.''' ,'''We must curtail the flow of illegal immigrants across the Mexican border.''' ,'''Republicans in Congress boosted the economy by cutting taxes and ending programs that don't work.''' ,'''One of the greatest men to ever walk this land was Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. His life exemplified unity by bringing people together for the good of all. In any small way I hope to someday bring people together like Dr. King.''' ,'''If we pulled out of Iraq tomorrow, Islamic jihadism is on the rise. And they continue, as we see in Lebanon, to seek to destroy the State of Israel and seek to drive America back and bring us to our knees. We must stand tall and straight.''' ,'''We can not underestimate the potential harm North Korea's capabilities can cause for the rest of the world.''' ,'''Failure to properly control our borders costs citizens in many ways: schools become overcrowded, medical resources are stretched too thin, other government services are overtaxed, and taxes increase further.''' ,'''Recruitment and retention are critical to sustain our Armed Forces with the best men and women willing to stand in the gap and make huge sacrifices to ensure our freedom.''' ,'''We were all hit with sticker shock: $87 billion is a huge number.''' ,]
+++