+++
author = "Wesley Sneijder"
title = "Wesley Sneijder Quotes"
quotes_len = "52"
description = "the best 52 Wesley Sneijder Quotes"
keywords = "wesley sneijder,wesley sneijder quotes,wesley sneijder quote,wesley sneijder sayings,wesley sneijder saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I realised how big the Galatasaray community is after arriving at the airport. I am very happy and proud that I will play for such a big club.''' ,'''I have long played No. 10.''' ,'''When I was sold from Real Madrid to Inter, I would have preferred to have remained in Spain.''' ,'''I am not a supporter of juniors increasingly going to top clubs.''' ,'''The older I get, the better I feel.''' ,'''I love Inter with all my heart, but God will decide where my future will be.''' ,'''My wife Yolanthe and I love Inter, the Italian fans, and Italy.''' ,'''Being compared to Hagi is an honor.''' ,'''I have a very good feeling at Inter, and I don't want to let them down after winning everything and losing Jose Mourinho.''' ,'''Why Galatasaray and not Liverpool? Because I am a winner - I play for prizes - so I went to Galatasaray because I thought that I would win more at Galatasaray and be champion than at Liverpool, and I think afterwards that I made the right choice.''' ,'''Milan is marvellous, picturesque, and full of elegance.''' ,'''If I don't feel good in myself, I pray, and I can throw off those bad feelings.''' ,'''To play along alongside Cristiano Ronaldo, Kaka, or Franck Ribery is an honour for any footballer.''' ,'''Religion has given me a new drive in life. Life feels a lot easier than it ever did before.''' ,'''Jose Mourinho was a very good coach.''' ,'''I kept track of everything Mourinho did, from his training methods to his tactical analysis - I have it all stored on my computer. I want to be a manager like him in the future.''' ,'''I had fun in my second year with Inter and was satisfied, even if we didn't win everything.''' ,'''Why did I not join one of the top five clubs in Europe? Because I am no longer one of the top five players around, and neither are Inter among the five best clubs.''' ,'''It's nice to have someone at the helm who can give you piece of mind and does not panic.''' ,'''Cristiano is a great player with incredible quality, and if he joins Madrid, then he will be welcomed.''' ,'''I want to play against Besiktas.''' ,'''When I left for Qatar, I knew, of course, that this could have an impact on my career as an international.''' ,'''It is possible to sign many great players, but you cannot buy a team.''' ,'''Nice is a very beautiful city, but I came only for the sport.''' ,'''I talk a lot with my team-mates.''' ,'''I want Robinho to stay with Madrid because I think that he is almost the same as Cristiano Ronaldo.''' ,'''I am very happy to be at a club like Inter.''' ,'''There is a family atmosphere at Inter, and there are all the ingredients to aim high.''' ,'''I know how much football is loved in Turkey. I will make the Galatasaray fans very proud and very happy.''' ,'''I love big matches.''' ,'''I always found new challenges in my career.''' ,'''I want to play for titles.''' ,'''I have had nice years in Turkey.''' ,'''I'm not happy, because I'm not at the level I want to be.''' ,'''I am happy at Inter and feel like part of the group.''' ,'''We don't need a psychologist with the Dutch team; we are grown-up men. The ones who have a problem with other players or the manager should tell them face-to-face. That is the only psychology we need.''' ,'''We have a priest at Inter Milan and a chapel at the training ground. That is where I was baptised and confirmed into the church.''' ,'''I've worked with a lot of good coaches, so I would be stupid if I did not pick anything up.''' ,'''The Inter fans have always treated me very well.''' ,'''I lost confidence, and since then, I can't find my rhythm. I am training phenomenally and will continue trying.''' ,'''We have to stop living on little islands. We must all go for the same goal, be united, or face the consequences.''' ,'''Things are very good at Inter. I love the club and also the Italian people and the Italian culture. It suits me.''' ,'''It is absolutely fantastic to have become Netherlands' most-capped player.''' ,'''I wasn't raised a Catholic, but Yolanthe was, and I wanted to get more involved in her religion.''' ,'''It would be bad for the squad if one player had a much higher salary than the rest.''' ,'''Who cares about the Golden Boot? I want the golden cup.''' ,'''In Spain and Italy, they like it when you win with good football, but winning without is appreciated.''' ,'''I want to play well; only then can I be happy.''' ,'''Not everything can be perfect.''' ,'''I think Inter have been very clear: if a good offer comes in, they have to let me go. They don't want to lose me, but there is a chance they will let me go.''' ,'''Many clubs wanted to know when I was leaving Inter, and Liverpool was one of those clubs, so people were surprised I chose Galatasaray.''' ,'''I only want to be a player who can help Madrid return to their rightful place in football.''' ,]
+++