+++
author = "Matthew Fox"
title = "Matthew Fox Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Matthew Fox Quotes"
keywords = "matthew fox,matthew fox quotes,matthew fox quote,matthew fox sayings,matthew fox saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I put a lot of pressure on myself and I think I am quite... well, intense about driving other people.''' ,'''After 'Lost', I never need to take a job for the money again.''' ,'''I'm sorry, but I can't make a movie with the blonde from 'ER' who is starring in every single bad romantic comedy.''' ,'''I'm either going to have the career I want doing films, or I'll do something else - I'll be gone.''' ,'''I played football for a huge portion of my life, all the way through college actually.''' ,'''I'll put it to you this way: I never, ever think about the things that I get involved with on a macro means-to-an-ends scale.''' ,'''I enjoy a four-seasonal climate and wide-open spaces, so being on an island 2,500 miles into the South Pacific made me feel a little claustrophobic.''' ,'''I turn a lot of stuff down - big, big movies, the kind I wouldn't want to go to the cinema to see.''' ,'''Any time I need to be really physical, and a role requires that, you're kind of viscerally activated by being that physical in it. It takes away the thought process, which is fun.''' ,'''And as I've gotten deeper into the process of making films and television and such, I think I have more trust in the fact that you really never know what you're going to find after the twenty-fifth take.''' ,'''If you look at men's roles for the last thousand years, the desire is fundamental. We want to take care of, provide for, and be of service to... women.''' ,'''I didn't learn to swim until I was 21 or something because I grew up in the mountains in Wyoming and all the water is glacier runoff and cold.''' ,'''I'm not saying I want a film career because I think I'm too good for television. I'm simply saying I want more control over my life.''' ,'''I've always been into cars. Cars are part of our genetic makeup. It's unavoidable.''' ,'''I think that there's a hidden darkness in all of us!''' ,'''I'm really enjoying the process of learning to fly. How it will fit into my life down the road - I'm looking forward to discovering that.''' ,'''But, sooner or later I'd love to do a comedy. I mean I think that, you know, people don't think that that's in my wheelhouse because I've sort of played a lot of dramatic stuff and that's certainly a side of myself that I want at some point in the right context, in the right stuff, that I find really funny.''' ,'''A lot of people want to see this idealized version of heroism, all pretty and perfect, and I'm not interested in playing the goody-goody hero at all.''' ,'''Having a studio tell you when to jump and how high eight months of the year for six years is not a relationship I want to get into again.''' ,'''I'm not really a tropical paradise kind of person.''' ,'''Filmmaking is always sort of building a mosaic of this arc of what the character is going through.''' ,'''I'm an actor. I try to play a character in a really cool story, the very best I can.''' ,'''I directed an episode of 'Party of Five' toward the very end of that show. It was a great experience.''' ,'''Sometimes people look to others for answers they can find within themselves. I don't really want the responsibility of being the guy they look to.''' ,'''A lot of the time I hate acting. It has a lot to do with the way I was brought up in a world where showing your emotions is frowned upon. It's just not manly. I don't do anything in life because I love doing it. It's because I want to be good at it.''' ,'''I think you've got to take your time and make sure you're making choices that are smart for you.''' ,]
+++