+++
author = "Gabby Douglas"
title = "Gabby Douglas Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Gabby Douglas Quotes"
keywords = "gabby douglas,gabby douglas quotes,gabby douglas quote,gabby douglas sayings,gabby douglas saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love all the attention, people noticing me. 'There's the gymnast. There she is!'''' ,'''I kind of do think of myself as a superhero and just flying high, and doing these crazy flips.''' ,'''I wake up at about 9 a.m., and have a few hours of school or time to relax. Then, I have practice at 2:30 p.m. with my team.''' ,'''I'm not gonna lie, I love Usain Bolt and Serena Williams. What I love about Serena is that she just gets on the floor and she dominates. She handles her business very well, I respect that.''' ,'''Toward the end of the Olympics, you get physically tired and drained. And no matter how much rest you have, your body is tired.''' ,'''The hard work definitely paid off and hard work always does.''' ,'''I just want to continue with gymnastics because I'm still young and fresh. I think can get some more titles under my belt.''' ,'''My family and I had to overcome a lot to get where we are today.''' ,'''You've got to be confident when you're competing. You've got to be a beast.''' ,'''I've learned how to stay humble. I don't want to get in over my head because when you do that it takes you off your game.''' ,'''I've been on a tweeting mission.''' ,'''It's very tough for me to focus. I'm like: 'Look, something shiny! No, focus. Oh, there goes a butterfly!'''' ,'''Oprah has definitely caught my eye. My mom and I used to watch her shows. We just love her.''' ,'''Even before I competed in the Olympics, I always wanted to write a book.''' ,'''I learned from my mom to always keep pushing yourself.''' ,'''Me and my dad are kind of distant since my mom and him separated.''' ,'''Always be courageous and strong, and don't fear.''' ,'''I used to have this lucky rock and I used to always have to rub it three times before I competed.''' ,'''It's definitely important to have your mom and family there to back you up and cheering from the stands. You'd love them to come to every big dance and every big game, but sometimes that's not possible.''' ,'''Gold medals are made out of your sweat, blood and tears, and effort in the gym every day, and sacrificing a lot.''' ,'''The one snack I really love is YoCrunch yogurt. It's like an apple pie in a cup! You have your apples on the bottom, your yogurt in the middle, and piecrust crumbs on top.''' ,'''You know, God has a plan for me, and I'm going to follow in his footsteps and just rejoice and be happy.''' ,'''I like squirrels. They're so adventurous.''' ,'''I wanted to tell my story and where I came from and my background, because it was not easy.''' ,'''Everyone has hiccups in their families.''' ,'''I think I would go for a Michael Phelps kind of guy.''' ,'''I take my Bible with me, sometimes two of them, when I travel.''' ,'''You just have to be yourself and go full with confidence and be courageous.''' ,'''I got my feet wet in a couple of shows. I did a cameo on my favorite show, 'The Vampire Diaries.' And I guest starred on a show called 'Kickin' It' on Disney.''' ,'''I want to do all roles. The sky's the limit.''' ,'''It's just incredible how people come up to me and say, 'Gabby, you inspire me to do anything I can set my mind to.' It's truly an honor.''' ,'''I think I was about 14 when I did my first makeup. I was like, 'Wow, I really like this what do you call it? Makeup thing?'''' ,'''I give all the glory to God. It's kind of a win-win situation. The glory goes up to Him and the blessings fall down on me.''' ,'''I googled 'Gabby Douglas,' and all these things popped up like 'Gabby Douglas makes history!' And 'She's the champion!'''' ,'''My mom says I'm a fighter, a fierce competitor, and I think I am, too.''' ,'''I accomplished something big and that's a memory I will never forget.''' ,'''I had to face a lot coming through this journey, a lot of sacrifices, difficulties, challenges, and injuries.''' ,'''My mom used to tell me when I was little, 'When it rains, it's God's manifestation - a big day's waiting to happen.'''' ,'''I love listening to Lil' Wayne, Drake, and Eminem to get me fired up!''' ,'''Gold medals are made out of sweat, blood and tears and effort in the gym every day.''' ,'''By now, you've probably caught on to something: my mother is always standing by with just the right Scripture or inspirational saying to get me through any tough situation.''' ,'''I would love to be a role model.''' ,'''You need your mom and dad to protect you. It means they love you so much.''' ,'''Gospel music always relaxes me and calms my nerves.''' ,'''I wear makeup pretty much every day. For training, I usually do a lighter base, a lighter blush and I used the mascara and a little bit of the lip gloss.''' ,'''We can choose a path that leads us into trouble. It all comes down to our decisions at the end of the day.''' ,]
+++