+++
author = "Ashnikko"
title = "Ashnikko Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Ashnikko Quotes"
keywords = "ashnikko,ashnikko quotes,ashnikko quote,ashnikko sayings,ashnikko saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel like as a teenager making music, I had a lot of internalised misogyny, a need to be one of the boys, and a lot of self-hatred. As I discovered what feminism is and what it meant to me, it definitely took a hold of my life in a big way.''' ,'''Growing up, all I learned was how best to diminish my own light for a partner.''' ,'''I want people to feel confident when listening to my music.''' ,'''I'm so jealous of my friends who came from these super musical households where they were learning piano at three years old. My parents didn't really play loads of music around the house. We had the radio, but they weren't teaching me about music.''' ,'''I've been kind of embracing my own power and really getting in touch with my inner goddess.''' ,'''Everyone needs an escape, whether that is through music or humor. My personal escape is through both of those things so I thought why not combine them? But not in a cringe way, I don't want to make parody songs. I just want my music to have a humorous edge to it.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm from North Carolina, but grew up in Eastern Europe, and became a woman in London.''' ,'''I was very much a child of Tumblr. I did a lot of my personal education into what intersectional feminism is on Tumblr. The Internet is a great tool for children who are raised in very narrow-minded towns.''' ,'''I love Evanescence. I think it's quite comforting to really make nostalgic early 2000s inspired music for me, personally. I think it just reminds me of being a kid again. And that was a nice time.''' ,'''I used to get in trouble a lot in school because I would write very naughty stories and poems in class.''' ,'''It makes me sad; I had to stop seeing my fans. It is like mental self harm to go and read my DMs.''' ,'''It's interesting, I'm from a really conservative, suburban town, and a majority of my family are very patriarchal. I mean, I love my family members, but they're slightly misogynistic, very closed-minded. But I'm sure a lot of us have families like that.''' ,'''I find it really hard to stick to one thing because I'm so fickle and I like to change my mind a lot.''' ,'''I've grown into a woman and formed my own opinions about the world around me.''' ,]
+++