+++
author = "Roddy Llewellyn"
title = "Roddy Llewellyn Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Roddy Llewellyn Quotes"
keywords = "roddy llewellyn,roddy llewellyn quotes,roddy llewellyn quote,roddy llewellyn sayings,roddy llewellyn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm terrified about the world food shortages. Vegetables could quite easily become tomorrow's currency.''' ,'''If we all had crystal balls, we'd all know which horse to back, wouldn't we?''' ,'''I have very fond memories of Basil's Bar. It was an extraordinary place. You would go for a drink and it would be empty except for the bar bore, which was David Bowie.''' ,'''I was chased by the press and the doorbell used to keep ringing throughout the night.''' ,'''Of course I took advantage of the publicity that surrounded my friendship with Princess Margaret.''' ,'''In Princess Margaret I found a fine friend who could steady my restless nature and offer wise counsel.''' ,'''I don't try to copy anybody - I mean, I'm not trying to become another Sinatra. I merely sing the way I speak.''' ,'''It has always been an ambition of mine to make a record. I'm lucky to have a good team behind me. A very different story to the poor struggling artist. I'm very lucky.''' ,'''Everybody in their life has a list of what they want to do: I'm very lucky indeed to do one thing on that list.''' ,'''Our weather patterns are mercurial. What you must remember about Great Britain is we have a uniquely temperate climate not shared by any other country in Europe. We can grow plants from every country in the world. The result is 90% of the plants in our gardens are from other parts of the world.''' ,'''When I'm really depressed because I have no money I buy a bottle of champagne with my last pennies - it's the best way to cheer yourself up.''' ,'''Schools should bring back the whip.''' ,'''There is no chance of my marrying Princess Margaret.''' ,'''I like things my own way. I like the window open at night, for instance, and I'm too intolerant to adjust to other people's habits.''' ,'''I have never, ever read anything written about me.''' ,'''My childhood went on far too long.''' ,'''Had I not been Roddy Llewellyn, I don't suppose anyone would have bothered to take an interest in my ambition to make a record.''' ,'''My private life is my own business.''' ,'''I was a late developer. For years, I was searching. I was a lost soul something your parents despair of and your peers deride. It isn't at all happy trying to find the right career.''' ,'''There's nothing like a roast parsnip, you don't want them too chewy though.''' ,'''The only thing I do for posterity is plant trees.''' ,'''I have always been fascinated by plants. I have always preferred plants to human beings. They give me an enormous amount of solace.''' ,'''I am highly suspicious of food which takes a long time to be imported.''' ,'''The last thing in the world I want to do is marry. I am too selfish, but I won't elaborate on that.''' ,'''I think I would make a good father. I'd be a disciplinarian.''' ,'''I'd rather be left to my own private life as much as be possible.''' ,]
+++