+++
author = "Jaime Pressly"
title = "Jaime Pressly Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Jaime Pressly Quotes"
keywords = "jaime pressly,jaime pressly quotes,jaime pressly quote,jaime pressly sayings,jaime pressly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do think being a prissy tomboy helps me in raising a son in general. I wrestle with him, play ball, play in the sandbox with him. As a mom, you get bruises, scrapes on your knee.''' ,'''Determination is kind of like rhythm: you can't teach it.''' ,'''The truth is, working on single camera, show or film, you have no life. You work 60-80 hours a week. You're up before your kid gets up, and you're home when they go to sleep.''' ,'''The truth is that I love my baby to bits, but the rest of it sucked. Pregnancy was the biggest killer for me. I hated it - I hated being fat.''' ,'''I'm a really good cook. I left home to start my career at 15 - so my choices were to either learn to cook or eat Ramen noodles for the rest of my life.''' ,'''I have worked so hard since I was 15 years old, all because I wanted to be a mom.''' ,'''If you want to do something, just do it. No one is going to do it for you.''' ,'''It's like the old thing: The parents stay together for the kids, but the kids know that you don't want to be together. The kids would rather you be happy - and separate - than together and miserable. I don't want my kid to grow up around two parents who just don't work.''' ,'''I used to go around the country performing. I was in my 20s; I had no fear. But then I had a baby, and all of sudden, your life, your world changes; you change.''' ,'''Everything I did and continue to do happens for a reason, and honestly, I don't regret much in my life.''' ,'''Jason Lee and Ethan Suplee are like my brothers. If it wasn't for them, I wouldn't have gotten through my pregnancy.''' ,'''I don't want to be the Hollywood girl... I'm Southern and old-fashioned.''' ,'''Some women just skip having babies or adopt because they don't want to get fat or they haven't put in the time to find a partner. It's great to adopt, but a lot of adoptions are motivated by vanity and laziness.''' ,'''Your core supports your spine and your torso. Everything you do depends on it.''' ,'''I know a lot of very rich, very successful, very lonely women in Los Angeles, and I never wanted to be one of them.''' ,'''I've always had an interest in design, and I have always loved creating things.''' ,'''I'm blessed with a great memory. To be honest, a lot of times, being on my own at such a young age, my memories were all I had. I didn't have many pictures.''' ,'''We all have baggage. The question is: What baggage can you deal with?''' ,'''As a dancer, I'd dance with broken toes. Just like acting, you compete with yourself and drive forward. That discipline helped in Hollywood.''' ,'''I think it's sexy when women have shapely bodies.''' ,'''I was emancipated at 15 and off to Japan on a contract working. I felt for my parents. I apologized profusely years later, but I was just very strong-willed and strong-minded and had my own idea - thought outside of the box.''' ,'''I performed in public for the first time at three years old. I remember it like it was yesterday. It was on a big stage. There were probably three or four hundred people in the audience. We were doing this dance, this Kermit the Frog routine, all of us in our little green leotards.''' ,'''I don't have one specific dream role: I'm an actor, so I want to play everything. In this business, they'll pigeonhole you in two seconds if you're great at the role you play. Everyone assumes that you're really just like that character.''' ,'''Southern people are raised with a work ethic. My son is 5 years old and does chores. My mom was a dance teacher, and the training and discipline it takes to be a dancer I've carried with me in Hollywood.''' ,'''I have a really great group of fans. I've been very blessed.''' ,'''Being invisible would be pretty great. You could watch everybody, sneak into places and know what people were saying.''' ,'''So many Hollywood actresses become successful and then just keep on going - they miss out on having a partner and a baby and end up lonely.''' ,'''Anytime someone has said to me, 'You can't do that,' I have answered, 'Watch me.'''' ,'''I don't know anybody that has a teenage son or daughter who at some point hasn't been like, 'God, I hate them' just under their breath. It's not meant to be literal. It's funny.''' ,'''The process of doing films is not my favorite, but I love television. Television is a quicker turnaround. You shoot more during the day, which makes me feel more productive. It would be like, 'I did five scenes today and ten pages.' That's television.''' ,'''I don't like to say 'dork' and 'nerd' and things like that because I think that everyone is cool in their own right.''' ,'''I used to perform with the Pussycat Dolls before Nicole Scherzinger, before they were a musical group.''' ,]
+++