+++
author = "Bob Weir"
title = "Bob Weir Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Bob Weir Quotes"
keywords = "bob weir,bob weir quotes,bob weir quote,bob weir sayings,bob weir saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We'd just signed with Arista, the record company. Arista was freaking about the phenomenon of tapers showing up at our shows. They were insisting that we put an end to this. And we just didn't want to do that.''' ,'''Obviously I believe in reincarnation and all that kind of stuff - I don't think anyone's going to be surprised to hear that.''' ,'''That Cornell show that - that people talk about, I can't remember that specifically. It didn't stand out for me on that tour. The whole tour was like that for me.''' ,'''One of the things that the Grateful Dead did, way back when, was we spent a lot of time just turning each other on to music. If somebody was listening to something that really caught their ear, they'd make sure that everybody else in the band heard it, and that came home for us in innumerable ways.''' ,'''If Trump wins, I think the whole thing is going to blow up, and we're going to start over, and that's always a good thing to do.''' ,'''We wanted to establish a new fan base over here. And second, we wanted to challenge ourselves. We wanted to bring what is ostensibly new music to fresh ears and see what lights them up.''' ,'''Whatever I'm going to be doing, a lot of it will be furthering this heritage, this legacy.''' ,'''What I like best about music is when time goes away.''' ,'''I was gifted with a life that was full of adventure. I've always believed, if you're gifted, that it's incumbent not to think about giving something back.''' ,'''The same song on a different day was a different song.''' ,'''I'm looking forward to some more solo acoustic dates. That's a lot of fun for me, because I get to be alone with the song. And I get to hear every little nuance; if my instrument does something that I wasn't expecting, I get to chase that. Chase that down a little bit.''' ,'''I don't know if I discovered I had any talent. It was dogged persistence. I had to have the music.''' ,'''I thought being a cowboy would be a terribly romantic thing to do. But it wasn't. I shoveled a lot of stalls.''' ,'''I don't believe in death.''' ,'''I'm still good for hitting the road. I'll be doing that a fair bit.''' ,'''They're protecting an archaic industry. They should turn their attention to new models.''' ,'''Looking back, I guess I've lived an unusual life.''' ,'''The premise that we're working with is that when most people go to a show, they're not really watching what's going on onstage. They may be watching what's on the screen. But when the songs are playing in their mind's eye, they're actually watching a movie.''' ,'''I think if people value democracy, they had damn well better get out and exercise their right to vote while their vote still means something.''' ,'''Both my kids like Adele, and I gotta say, the girl can sing.''' ,'''Songs go through cycles for me. And sometimes I lose my passion for some of them.''' ,'''Be as in touch with your dreams as you can be.''' ,'''I have always had a certain aversion to heat. And for me, the name of the game on the stage is 'beat the heat.' It's always July under the lights.''' ,'''The Grateful Dead played for three hours on a given night, plus sound check.''' ,'''When we started out, there was so much cash involved that it attracted an element you'd rather not do business with.''' ,]
+++