+++
author = "Neil Macdonald"
title = "Neil Macdonald Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Neil Macdonald Quotes"
keywords = "neil macdonald,neil macdonald quotes,neil macdonald quote,neil macdonald sayings,neil macdonald saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''France has long been regarded as the most adept at stealing trade secrets.''' ,'''Personally, I saw no organized malevolence toward reporters in the IDF; I'd dealt with enough Israeli soldiers to know that many of them operated by the book. But I also knew very well that others among them were fanatics, some from ultra-nationalist settlements, and considered foreign journalists enemies of the Jewish State.''' ,'''In fact, American presidents never apologize for what America does in war, because in the American mind, all its wars are defensive, always fought from the high moral ground, always good versus evil.''' ,'''Any reporter who's ever covered the Middle East can tell you about the Arab leader photo op. It is one of the most curious acts of solipsism ever invented. The beloved leader-for-life, a king or a president, always a man, appears on some hideous filigreed-and-gilded couch or chair, chatting with an important visitor.''' ,'''Governments, many of them European, are actually offering - and investors are buying - bonds that are worth less at the end of five or 10 or even 30 years than their purchase price.''' ,'''Yes, America's vast foreign service and intelligence organs may disagree with that assessment. And some of Israel's most senior intelligence figures regard Iran as dangerous, but rational. But in Netanyahu's view, diplomacy has had its moment.''' ,'''I saw a bumper sticker once that stayed with me: 'God help me become the person my dog thinks I am.' I don't have the heart for this. Meaning, of course, that I'm the failure.''' ,'''I've seen former vice president, and now Democratic leadership candidate Joe Biden up close. He seemed a pleasant fellow. But I'm damned if I can remember anything he said, besides how much he loves everybody.''' ,'''The plain Canadian fact is that relative to other Western democracies, the U.S. in particular, there isn't much difference between our two main political parties.''' ,'''People who don't own dogs can stay out as late as they please, or drive off on a whim for the weekend, and go on holiday as long as they like, whenever they like, without arranging a kennel, then feeling guilty about arranging a kennel, and then spending even more money to have someone stay in the house and dogsit.''' ,'''During my years in the United States, I met a lot of evangelicals; they comprise a quarter of the American population, and are utterly unlike most Christians you'll encounter in this country.''' ,'''The other danger of the Snowden disclosures, of course, is that they reveal methods that should make any sensible person more careful about what he or she says on a cellphone or landline, or in an email.''' ,'''While Trump, and, yes, Biden spend time with wealthy donors, Warren refuses big money. She also refused to participate in a Fox News town hall, wanting nothing to do with what she calls Fox's 'hate for profit' business plan. She is unafraid to name her enemies.''' ,'''I am grateful to hockey. As a CBC employee, I would be foolish not to be. Hockey Night in Canada probably pays a good chunk of my salary.''' ,'''Call me radical, but I've always thought there are at least two subjects on which journalists are absolutely entitled to express public opinions: freedom of expression, and attacks on journalists.''' ,'''It is no exaggeration to say many evangelicals consider Trump an anointed figure; a clearly venal man somehow chosen by their God to rescue America from venality.''' ,'''Elizabeth Warren fully intends to change the system, and says so. When she said how good it felt to be with working people in a workers' hall, you knew it wasn't a platitude.''' ,'''If you speak to his friends like Adam Sandler, David Spade or Tim Meadows - the people he came up with at 'SNL' - they would all agree that Norm was the purest amongst them. He was the comic's comic.''' ,'''Trump might have a mouth like an open sewer, but at least he says something.''' ,'''I don't know anyone who thinks the SNC Lavalin mess was well handled, and it was all driven by Justin Trudeau. A smart prime minister would have realized early that the situation was unwinnable, that trying to have a prosecutor overruled was unwise in the extreme, and let it go.''' ,'''The hungry little radge never takes a vacation, which is why, when legislatures aren't sitting and other news-generating institutions are on summer schedule, assignment desks will pounce on anything that even smells like news.''' ,'''But that's the way America rolls nowadays. Consensus, laws and treaties are out. Smug, religion-soaked majoritarianism is in fashion. It is not coincidence that Bible study is returning to American public schools.''' ,'''Fortunately for Canada it is part of the so-called Five Eyes network, along with the U.S., Britain, Australia and New Zealand. These nations are in fact so integrated that they effectively comprise a single colossal listening organization, the most powerful in history, with America in charge.''' ,'''White nationalism is in fact white supremacy. It's understandable that white supremacists would want to be called nationalists, but that doesn't make them any less supremacist.''' ,'''Trump is a travelling freak show, and bound to say or do something laughably stupid wherever he goes, so, because he's president, he's news.''' ,'''Our virtuous system is already corrupt. Does anyone seriously think that cabinet ministers or captains of industry or powerful officials wait in the same lines as the rest of us?''' ,'''At the very least, Donald Trump and his most rabid followers have been objective allies of the white supremacist movement, even if they thought they weren't.''' ,'''My dad, toward the end of his life, said our health care system expects you to check your brains at the door. He was right. Yell at your politicians. Lose control.''' ,'''Barack Obama actually grew up black in America. He knows a thing or two about being judged by the color of his skin, rather than the content of his character.''' ,'''In Trump's lizard political brain, all Jews should unconditionally support Israel, so all American Jews should support him, the greatest supporter of Israel in the history of America and Israel.''' ,'''Trump's America is a midden. To hell with it. I am glad I don't live there anymore, and doubly glad to read about unlicensed barbers and annexes to grand old Ottawa hotels and the terrible dishonesty of the Canada Food Guide.''' ,'''Obama has spoken out a few times since on race, but without much effect.''' ,'''Political professionals on all sides of the Ottawa aisle understand the same basic fact: given the electoral realities in this country, there is no path to victory without the support of urban centres and/or Quebec.''' ,'''But political parties must claim to be radically different from one another, and political journalism must play along, or else why exist? So the Liberals and Tories concentrate on what does distinguish them: their leaders. That in itself just about guarantees a campaign of ad hominem gooning.''' ,'''I am delighted to see the government spending more money to improve Indigenous life, and I would be happy to see even more spent.''' ,'''For a journalist working in Gaza or the Occupied Territories, a PRESS badge offers limited protection at best. For a Palestinian journalist, it clearly offers none at all.''' ,'''Conservatives generally think it's best to take enemies at their word, to believe their bombast and threats and make preparations, rather than dismiss them as crackpots and regret it.''' ,'''I often wonder, when I hear some important speaker rattle off the rote land acknowledgements that have become the standard introduction for official events in this country, whether Indigenous people are getting sick of being constantly and dolefully reminded of who owns their land now.''' ,'''Maybe the Tea Party dream is coming true, and the next Republican presidential nominee will be a blunt-object, red-meat down-the-line rightie.''' ,'''When I was a kid, and the Hockey Night in Canada theme issued from our black-and-white Sylvania TV, I disappeared to the basement to listen to 45s and read the encyclopedias that my parents kept buying from travelling salesmen.''' ,'''Some economists seem to think that only a credentialed economist has the right to be utterly wrong about an issue of economics. Their contempt for amateurs - columnists with broad audiences, for example - would sear the lungs if inhaled.''' ,'''White nationalism is about keeping power white. Yes, yes, there are minority groups represented among Justin Trudeau's ministers, but they were all given jobs by a white guy.''' ,'''Certainly no university president, at least to my knowledge, has ever stood up and said 'this land is unceded, meaning it's not ours, so we're going to give some of it back.'''' ,'''There is a small industry out there called media training. It offers instruction on how to 'control a narrative,' to use that awful term. Most politicians are clients.''' ,'''In the U.S. - yes, sorry, the U.S. - surgeons and doctors usually give you their cell phone numbers, and tell you to call anytime if anything goes wrong. They often call to follow up after a visit, or go over test results. They have email.''' ,'''Can we agree there are no stupid questions? Probably not. But let's try anyway.''' ,'''Trump seems to accept the idea that there are secret Muslim training camps in America, and has openly suggested Obama himself is a Muslim, and foreign born.''' ,'''Trump eventually slurs anyone who inconveniences him, and the plain, measurable fact is that a large majority of Jewish American voters continue to vote Democrat.''' ,'''The fact is, no modern president, Democrat or Republican, has shown the level of contempt for taking questions from the media that Stephen Harper has demonstrated.''' ,'''Very deliberately, the central bankers have punished savers, pushing interest rates so low that any truly safe investment - and older people are always advised to play it safe - yields a negative return when inflation is factored in.''' ,'''Quietly, without much public fuss or discussion, a new ruling class has risen in the richer nations. These men and women are unelected and tend to shun the publicity hogged by the politicians with whom they co-exist. They are the world's central bankers.''' ,'''People are told in their churches to vote Republican. I've heard pastors say it from the evangelical pulpit. Congregants are actually told that lower taxes and less government is the Christian way.''' ,'''It's a lovely thing to see intelligent argument, unbending principle and policy go up against demagoguery, nativism and vulgar name-calling.''' ,'''Trump's direct predecessor, Barack Obama, never attacked his own generals or officials on Twitter, and never referred to war criminals as heroes.''' ,'''No dog means no disgusting surprises on carpets - thank goodness for those irrigating vacuums they sell at Canadian Tire - no hefty vet bills, no destruction of everything from eyeglasses to baseboards to legs of furniture, and no responsibility.''' ,'''A white nationalist would claim that flying the confederate flag on a state building is an expression of cultural history, rather than racial sentiment. A white nationalist would claim, as the television host Megyn Kelly once did on Fox News, that Jesus was white, and, by implication, God, too.''' ,'''It is hard for the media to outright label a sitting president a white supremacist, or even a garden variety racist. If Trump was still a private citizen, this would be easier.''' ,'''Resist, however peacefully and even in your own home, and heaven help you, no matter what your skin color.''' ,'''The office of the president is meant to confer dignity.''' ,'''The fact is, American law encourages whistleblowers and, often, they go down in history as courageous people of principle who made their country better.''' ,'''Quibbling over the definition of genocide does nothing but help obscure the long history of vicious racism and undeniable suffering of Indigenous people in this country. It's bad enough whatever you want to call it.''' ,'''Trump has not only ordered a disturbing military buildup in the Persian Gulf, he's determined to punish any country that has continued to do business with Iran since he withdrew from the nuclear treaty the United States instigated and signed in 2015.''' ,'''In early 2008, before the criminal greed of America's mortgage and investment bank industry nearly destroyed the world's economy, the balance sheet of the U.S. Federal Reserve stood at about $870 billion.''' ,'''In 2008, Obama rode to victory in good part by wearing the openness face, casting the Bush administration as intrusive, secretive hawks who had little regard for individual privacy or civil liberties.''' ,'''It's almost ironic sitting here watching stories about Norm's courageous 'battle' with cancer. He actually did a bit on stage about how stupid that is. What battle? It's your own body. Is it a win or lose thing?''' ,'''Canada needs to be flood-proofed, and somebody has to pay for it. Yes, there are other threats, too - fire, hail, wind, snow load, permafrost loss and shoreline erosion will all cost a great deal of money to remediate - but flooding is the big, urgent one.''' ,'''America's habit of distilling vicious, pitiless, cynical reality into a morality play can be an oasis.''' ,'''It seems to be the modern Canadian approach to Indigenous people: rather than deny their problems or accuse them of creating them through their own laziness, which was how my parents' generation dealt with the question, we now smother them with humid apologies and abnegation, but not actual compensation.''' ,'''Pro-Israel media 'watchdog' groups and other activists in Canada, the United States and the U.K. are quick to attack, characterizing reporters whose coverage they don't like as Israel-haters or anti-Semites, urging their readers to mount letter-writing campaigns.''' ,'''Moderation is regarded by the Republican base with suspicion.''' ,'''Canada has treated abortion as just another medical procedure since 1988, when the Supreme Court struck down the old criminal law. Most Canadians seem to think that's fine.''' ,'''So America's president now says most Jewish American voters are either ignorant or disloyal. It's such a dreadful thing to say, so heavy with historical hatred and violence, that it's utterly unsurprising in U.S. President Donald Trump's mouth. And his supporters nod and say he's right.''' ,'''Trump cannot be re-elected without the votes of evangelical Christians, a group of people who, because of their heated eschatological dreams, are simultaneously capable of blindly supporting Israel and regarding American Jews with suspicion.''' ,'''Speech is protected in the U.S., and at the risk of repeating a hackneyed aphorism, free speech is worthless unless it applies to offensive speech. It is an American value, and one well worth protecting.''' ,'''Of all the criticisms levelled at Stephen Harper by his critics, the most puzzling, at least to anyone who has covered Washington, is that he behaves more like a president than a prime minister.''' ,'''The prime directive of media training is that the question never matters. That an honest response is for amateurs. Media trainers advise memorizing a set of non-responses and repeating them no matter what question is asked.''' ,'''Americans are raised to believe that anything is possible in America if you are pure of heart and willing to work hard, which is nonsense, and that anyone can become president, which is even more foolish, and that free markets always make the right decision, which is nuts.''' ,'''The Fed has been acting in rare concert with central banks worldwide to encourage borrowing and spending - and risk. And because all the new money being unleashed has to flow somewhere, it's been flowing, among other places, into the equity markets.''' ,'''I've seen Jordanian television lead its newscast with three identical, consecutive scenes, all on the same royal couch. It's hilarious, and most Western reporters cackle sarcastically when they first see it. I certainly did.''' ,'''Trump is the white evangelicals' version of V.I. Lenin's 'useful idiot,' a character who is helping achieve their apocalyptic fever dreams, but who will perish along with the rest of us as the faithful perch in the clouds.''' ,'''I, forever a product of my Scottish Calvinist upbringing, never knew how to react when someone smilingly took both my hands and told me 'Jesus loves you, and we love you.' I'd just grin rigidly, and urgently will it to stop.''' ,'''A lot has already been written about this. Criticism has been ferocious. Still, most in the mainstream media have stopped short of saying outright that Donald J. Trump, president of the United States, is a white supremacist, or white nationalist, or whatever it is these people call themselves.''' ,'''Politicians pose and grip and grin, and mouth blandishments, and, like the beloved Arab leaders, are careful to say nothing. The prime photo op directive, it seems, is to say absolutely nothing.''' ,'''I once found myself in Paris, Texas, possibly the most curious juxtaposition of place names in America.''' ,'''Yes, American medicine has its pathologies, but Canada's does, too, and we need to wake up. Government controls everything here, and governments only pay attention to polls at election time, not to angry patients.''' ,'''The modern election campaign is created by power in order to convince the realm that all is well, and, further, that its inhabitants are being presented with new information and a clear choice.''' ,'''Among other things, Netanyahu is a master of timing. His emphasis on irrationality coincides with the annual burst of anti-Israel, anti-U.S. malevolence, delivered from the podum of the United Nations by Iran's bombastic and somewhat clownish president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.''' ,'''As a senator, Obama denounced the Big Brother provisions of Bush's post-9/11 Patriot Act, particularly its sections enabling the state to spy on Americans without their knowledge. After taking power, Obama acquired his other face. That face speaks far less, but when it does, it justifies Bush's policies.''' ,'''I am deeply sympathetic to Indigenous treatment at the hands of white society.''' ,'''Like Donald Trump, Trudeau is in high office because of how the system groups and allocates votes. No wonder the Liberals broke their 2015 promise to reform the system and bring in proportional representation.''' ,'''And what are the Liberals' election talking points, in this age of environmental insecurity and economic anxiety? That Andrew Scheer is scary.''' ,'''While most of us have long understood that privacy is a fading commodity, something in human nature still expects that a phone call or email is a closed communication, and we tend to behave as though it is. That behaviour is what the electronic spies count upon, and want to preserve.''' ,'''I have an aunt named Ida. She's the widow of my late Uncle Basil, nearly 100 years old, and very religious, and has managed to live her extremely long and virtuous life out of the pitiless public spotlight.''' ,'''As stupid as it might sound, older people everywhere would probably be better off if they'd abandoned prudence and borrowed more. That is obviously not what the central bankers or our political leaders want. But that's the situation they've created.''' ,'''The 'vote for me because the other guy is scary,' nana-nana-poo-poo stuff I just find useless.''' ,'''There's a reason the United States opposes the very existence of the International Criminal Court, at least where American war crimes are concerned.''' ,'''The word nationalism, to most people, has a virtuous whiff; historically, it's been conflated with terms like patriotism and loyalty and solidarity with one's civic tribe.''' ,'''I seem to have a missing gene when it comes to organized sports. Televised events bore me and I literally fear the crowds at live matches.''' ,'''I cycle like a fiend, but I can't even sit through the highlights of the Tour de France.''' ,'''I do not hear any plan for sheltering Canadians from the next global financial crisis, which is coming for all of us as surely as arthritis is stalking the boomers.''' ,]
+++