+++
author = "Jessie Pavelka"
title = "Jessie Pavelka Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Jessie Pavelka Quotes"
keywords = "jessie pavelka,jessie pavelka quotes,jessie pavelka quote,jessie pavelka sayings,jessie pavelka saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like a character that goes on a journey. A character that has had it all, lost it all, and is trying to get back to just being OK. I love the agony of defeat just as much as I love the thrill of victory.''' ,'''I definitely have a soft spot for women. I was raised by women - my mom and two older sisters. I've been surrounded by estrogen since I was born.''' ,'''I initially became a trainer in 2002 to help people shape their bodies, to help them look the way they wanted to look. This would reflect the way I was living. I was focusing on the exterior. Then in 2003/4, I had a paradigm shift. I started a business for bariatric patients, pre- and post-gastric bypass.''' ,'''I didn't know I was a sex symbol in the U.K., but if I am, then I'm flattered.''' ,'''If we live a sedentary life, you're going to be depressed and lack confidence. So get out there and get active.''' ,'''It's easy to motivate a client when they are sitting on a bench right in front of you, but the real challenge for a trainer is to have that motivation exist even when you are not around.''' ,'''I've spent a part of my life focused on acting, so if there was an opportunity that I'm right for and I feel confident, I would definitely go for it.''' ,'''Most of us understand what healthy food is - it doesn't take a rocket scientist to know that vegetables are good for you and that sugar is bad. So you need to use the things you do know and follow them.''' ,'''People are starting to recognize me, and it can be hard because I'm a really nice person, and people will ask me uncomfortable questions like they know me, and I'm just like, 'Umm... can I walk away now?'''' ,'''My journey through life has led me through both light and dark places, and it's because of those experiences that I have learned how to work through my character defects and to help others do the same.''' ,'''The great thing about training/exercise is it is non-bias. It changes from person to person, but everyone can still enjoy the benefits.''' ,'''I've realized that no problem is as hopeless as it first may seem, I've learned how to live day to day and show others how to do the same, and most of all, I've learned how to just be.''' ,'''The biggest reason people don't do things is knowledge. Many people don't go to the gym because they don't know what the heck they're doing.''' ,'''There is a wall that's built up that leads us to believe we can't move at work, but that's not the case. We need to find those pockets of time where we can take care of ourselves.''' ,'''I think a lot of us think we've failed when we've put the weight back on, but when this happens. you have to pay attention because you can actually learn something. You didn't fail. You just need to stay conscious and know where you went wrong and try again.''' ,'''I think a lot of trainers are forgetting to take care of themselves and focusing only on their clients. You see it with doctors, nurses, and caretakers. If you put too much effort into only helping others, you are neglecting yourself, and your health is the only thing that makes it possible for you to help others.''' ,'''I started working out with my mom in 4th grade. She used to take me to the track.''' ,'''I tell my clients to feel powerful - you and only you own your power. You are the one who can make yourself eat right, work out and not touch the biscuits.''' ,'''The first thing I tell clients is get off the couch! Just start making some small lifestyle changes such as walking to work instead of driving or taking the stairs instead of the lift. The small things you can change all add up.''' ,]
+++