+++
author = "Michael Cudlitz"
title = "Michael Cudlitz Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Michael Cudlitz Quotes"
keywords = "michael cudlitz,michael cudlitz quotes,michael cudlitz quote,michael cudlitz sayings,michael cudlitz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When it really comes down to it, the job you do is more important and is more representative of who you are than your sexuality or anything else that you have going on in your life.''' ,'''I've enjoyed the time I've had working on films. I've enjoyed television movie-of-the-week format. I've enjoyed the few comedies that I've done, and I've enjoyed one-hour television.''' ,'''You've got to get your mind connected to the workout. Pay attention to what your body's doing. It's about connecting mind and the body. Visualize the muscles moving.''' ,'''If you disarm someone's hands - they cannot kill you!''' ,'''I learned construction and carpentry from my father at a young age, so I felt very comfortable and I felt very satisfied when I worked in that field.''' ,'''My favorite part about going to the gym used to be leaving.''' ,'''Comedy is important! When you're having a stressful day, and you come home, you want to watch something that makes you laugh.''' ,'''I want to remind people that there is no soundtrack in 'Southland;' there is no scored music or soundtrack telling you what you're supposed to feel.''' ,'''Everybody works in a different way, and I've worked with actors that have no training whatsoever who are phenomenal.''' ,'''My passion lies in amazing, complex characters and really well-written stuff - not to say I wouldn't want to do a comedy if the right comedy came along... I'm an actor in Los Angeles, and I have a family I have to support.''' ,'''Most people don't like challenges at work. Actors love challenges at work.''' ,'''We all know from growing up with TV that John Wells shows are usually very large ensembles with amazingly written characters. He tends to redefine the way stories are told in a specific genre, whether it's 'China Beach,' 'The West Wing,' or 'E.R.'''' ,'''Interestingly enough, my more high-profile things are in uniform. But if you look at my full body of work, there's a lot of stuff that's not in uniform. But I do a lot of stuff in the service, and I think that's just how I'm built physically. It just serves the roles.''' ,'''Cliched characters are cliches because they're people being described by people who are on the outside. If you take two sentences from anybody and reduce them to just that, that's what you're going to get.''' ,'''You're never going to do as good a job as you can if you're rushed.''' ,'''If you'd asked me after 'Band of Brothers' what thing I wanted to do next, I certainly never would have imagined 'Southland.'''' ,'''I've had some really wonderful opportunities in my career, 'Band of Brothers' being one of them. That's material that can really make a difference, but I don't think of that going into it - at least not consciously.''' ,'''I don't know if I would be a good cop. As gruff as I come off, I take things very emotionally.''' ,'''The truth just happens - lies take time to make.''' ,'''You've gotta take care of the body you've got. You've got to be fit. You've got to be active. You've got to be healthy. We don't need to be pictures in a magazine.''' ,'''Don't listen to anybody. Nobody knows the magic bullet. If they did, they'd sell it and make a fortune. Follow your gut. Follow your instincts. Every once in a while, take a chance.''' ,'''I think a lot of high-profile artists like to make people think that. 'Oh, I'm trying to choose my next project.' This is a job. Sometimes your next job is so you can provide for your family; your kids are 16 and getting ready to go to college.''' ,'''I can't play video games because I get too nervous. It just stresses me out.''' ,'''Some shows just go away - and that's fine. They serve their purpose and their entertainment value, but there are shows that touch people in different ways and that they remember.''' ,'''The fact that I am able to live a life and act and to do all of those things and support myself and my family is a gift.''' ,'''Obviously, it's always a good to be in shape and to be fit.''' ,'''As an actor, you try to put a little bit of yourself in everything you do.''' ,'''I much prefer the company of the crew, the sort of 'blue-collar working person.' I much more have that sensibility than what the public perceives as what a typical actor would have.''' ,'''I just had a really good time when I did my voice work for 'Call of Duty.' I've had nothing but great interaction with Activision.''' ,'''Games are another place to find work, not only the voice stuff but in the motion capture stuff. It's exciting work.''' ,'''Jerry Orbach is just phenomenal. He is genius, so present.''' ,'''This is 'Southland,' so we don't editorialize.''' ,'''Sometimes you walk out of an audition and you kind of know you nailed it and you're probably going to book it, but you very rarely are told in the room by the people who are hiring you.''' ,'''The lifespan of any show is to end in cancellation.''' ,'''I paid my way through school doing set construction for film and television. I'm a member of Local 44. I was a construction coordinator on 'Beverly Hills 90210' for 4 1/2 years and ran their whole construction program. I did two other pilots as a coordinator for Aaron Spelling.''' ,'''I've always worked out. I've always gone to the gym. But it was always a chore, and it was always, like, 'Man, I've gotta go do this because if I don't I'll get all dumpy and out of shape and then no one will hire me for good roles.'''' ,'''A lot of times, actors give so much power to the producers and the producing companies because, quite frankly, they have it. But we don't take the limited power that we have, which the power you initially have is to say 'no.' But 'no' in a positive way.''' ,]
+++