+++
author = "Eric Shinseki"
title = "Eric Shinseki Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Eric Shinseki Quotes"
keywords = "eric shinseki,eric shinseki quotes,eric shinseki quote,eric shinseki sayings,eric shinseki saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''No veteran should have to wait for claims. If there's anybody impatient here, I am that individual.''' ,'''I spent five years working very hard to develop a relationship with the veterans' service organizations. We have together worked some major projects.''' ,'''The magnificent army that fought in Desert Storm is a great army, and it still is a magnificent army today. But it was one we designed for the Cold War, and the Cold War has been over for ten years now.''' ,'''What I want veterans to know is that VA is here to care for them. VA is a good system - health care wise, safety wise - highly comparable to any other system out there. Our oversight reviews tell us that. I'm very comfortable in the quality of our system.''' ,'''I have spent a lifetime watching kids make mistakes because they were not trained or well led or properly motivated to do well. I never faulted the kids; rather, I saw opportunity to train, to motivate, to improve leadership - not to punish the individual.''' ,'''If you are going to make a change, make it big and bold. Walk up to the biggest guy on the block, stand in his face and get it started. Then go around, brigade by brigade, making it make sense.''' ,'''More importantly, if you are in a position to hire, hire a veteran. They will be the best employees you have.''' ,'''You don't get many do-overs in life.''' ,'''Well, let's assume the world is linear. If we required a certain amount of troops per 25,000 population in the Balkans, if the world is not radically different, something of the same extent is going to be needed in Iraq.''' ,'''It's important in any organization that if visions have any reality at all, it's because the organization believes that the vision is right and that they share in it. Otherwise, it becomes the good idea of one person, and that even more importantly contributes to the sense that it will not survive the departure of that individual.''' ,'''I do engage veterans. I meet with the veterans' service organizations monthly. It's a direct, no-holds-barred discussion. I travel to their conventions, where I speak to the veterans membership. I do travel. I've been to all 50 states. When I do, I engage veterans locally. So I get direct feedback from those veterans.''' ,'''I am an armor officer.''' ,'''In the army, we do two things every day. We train our soldiers, and then we grow them into leaders, because frankly, we don't hire out. We grow our own leaders.''' ,'''I am an armor officer. I grew up as a part of the team that helped to field M-1s and M-60-A3s to the army back in 1980s. It's still a magnificent tank, and we designed it for the Cold War and Central Europe.''' ,'''An army that fought and won a war decisively finds it even more difficult to undergo change.''' ,'''It's tough never being right.''' ,]
+++