+++
author = "Fabolous"
title = "Fabolous Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Fabolous Quotes"
keywords = "fabolous,fabolous quotes,fabolous quote,fabolous sayings,fabolous saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had a studio session with Nipsey Hussle. We didn't record, but we just vibed and we talked. It was just good conversation. We played music for each other that we had previously worked on. It was a good vibe.''' ,'''I like when videos used to make you sit at home, and you'd watch it and be like in awe like, 'I wish I was at that place, man. I wanna go on a vacation.'''' ,'''I put a lot in my mixtapes, but I definitely put a lot into my albums as well.''' ,'''I'm more into myself with my family, and my personal life is usually handled inside, it's not usually public, with opinions, comments, family members involved - them reacting to everything.''' ,'''The thing about marriage is that I believe in it, but don't believe in it. I think sometimes people put that ring and that paper and it messes up a good thing.''' ,'''Even before I became an artist myself, I always cared about my presentation.''' ,'''When I first came in, family life wasn't at the forefront of your career or who you were as an artist. You was even supposed to be projected as a single man for the public.''' ,'''I think that's one thing that hinders hip-hop and I think when everybody tries to be the same... That's why people look at the 1990s almost like it was a golden era in hip-hop 'cause it was so much diversity in the music and in the artists. It wasn't everybody just trying to paint the same picture and say it with the same flow.''' ,'''Me and Drake, we just met each other in passing on the road. We kicked it a few times. We kept ending up in the same circles. Eventually we figured out we wanted to work.''' ,'''I think Twitter is great for showing your personality and just your random thoughts and dropping a jewel on your listeners, fans and followers.''' ,'''It's one thing to see the clothes on a rack, but it's interesting to see how they get brought to life.''' ,'''I try to have a fashion sense as far as looking and being fresh in my space. I guess that gets received well sometimes but I never look at myself as a 'fashionista' or 'style icon.'''' ,'''Its shocking to come from doing freestyles to having the No. 4 album in the country. It pushes me to do better and better so I can get to No. 1.''' ,'''There's a song on there called 'Slow Down,' and it's about a girl who could be wifey but is just moving to quick, partying; needs to slow down. A lot of ladies can relate; they might know someone or be that girl.''' ,'''That's the kind of lane that I try to keep my fashion usually in - not too uppity, not too out of the norm, but little touches that make it special.''' ,'''Your van can get stolen anywhere I guess.''' ,'''I like fashion shows. I like the quick flash of culture and energy.''' ,'''What you grow up listening to makes the kind of person that you are.''' ,'''You gotta claim the crown and the people also gotta crown you, too. It's not just about somebody saying they king.''' ,'''I never put myself at a bragging point where I say, 'I'm gonna have the illest verse.'''' ,'''I mean there's no other feeling than when you hear a great hip-hop song. You feel good. If you lose that as an artist, you lose a part of your passion.''' ,'''I'm not as big of an R&B fan as people like to think, but I just love the marriage between R&B and Hip-Hop.''' ,'''In 20 years, a lot of things change, especially in music. From CDs to tapes to vinyl to digital now, you know, a lot changes.''' ,'''I got to go to Ghana, Africa and I got to go to the Dominican Republic. You know, just across the world and see their response to my music.''' ,'''I think people know what I do - they know I've been in the game for a minute, but you gotta continuously show that growth and show that you're bringing something.''' ,'''Me and Pusha have always been cool even though we haven't done many collaborations.''' ,'''I love collaborations because I love the mixture of the minds.''' ,'''I'm not just rapping because I like it anymore - this is like almost my career now, you know? Not almost, it is! This is what I feed myself and my family with, so I attack it that way.''' ,'''I really respect Hov's drive, as well as his whole career and what he's done for the culture.''' ,'''Part of the passion for me was hearing great music from the very start of it, now I'm one of the people who can give that passion back to somebody.''' ,'''I know a lot of people like mixtape Fab, and albums, to me, you're speaking to a broader audience sometimes. I take that at hand.''' ,'''That's where my fashion comes from; it comes from versatility. You can mix and manage different things.''' ,'''I feel like I can really adapt to any type of fashion sense that I want to.''' ,'''Me and Chainz hang out, we talk. I go to Atlanta, I go to Chainz's restaurant. Chainz came to my dinner. Chainz is my guy.''' ,'''A lot of rappers nowadays will say they don't listen to anybody, but I like to hear what's going on. I don't think it affects my music. I still do what I do. I just listen as a fan because I love hip-hop.''' ,'''I look at where I've come from and realize that I'm lucky to make it out. I was a mischievous kid and I understand the whole reasoning of youth today because I didn't have much to do in the afternoon after school.''' ,'''I noticed that what you're wearing is a representation of yourself and speaks for you before you do.''' ,'''I don't like the idea of pre-meditated music. Things like free-styling, the element of surprise - I think people need to scale back and re-focus on making moments again.''' ,'''I think that's where the music business is where it is today because at one point, we were just splurging so much money and it was just extra. Everything was just extra and over did. Now, people are being as creative as they were but they're not spending $500,000 or a million on a video.''' ,'''Sometimes you say punchlines or say things in music and you may not even know any seriousness behind it. You're just trying to say something in the moment to catch attention.''' ,'''In music, if somebody makes a good song, you want to be in that category and make the good songs too. It may not even be a competition thing, it's just a thing to keep your skills up type of thing.''' ,'''I've just grown as a person. I think that's what helped me grow as an artist.''' ,'''I used to to hustle growing up.''' ,'''I like comfortable settings. Just somewhere where you can sit and chill and you got your friends and you got drinks and food.''' ,'''Sometimes in life, your best teacher is experience and going through something to figure it out.''' ,'''Streetwear is pretty comfortable.''' ,'''I just wanted to make good music that people related to me and said 'Yo that guy makes good music. When he gives us an effort, it's good music behind it. It's great lyrics, it's witty punchlines, it's great metaphors.'''' ,'''People always ask me why I didn't join a crew or something like that. I don't know if that would have changed my legacy or if I would still be here today.''' ,'''Twitter, I always say is the drunk uncle of my personality, because I say some stuff sometimes that, you know that drunk uncle at the Thanksgiving table, he starts rambling on about, that he shouldn't have said so sometimes I do that.''' ,'''Even sometimes, when you're at home with the family, you need a break from them, really.''' ,'''Stay in school... Even being a rapper you need an education.''' ,'''I'm a big boxing fan.''' ,'''I would be involved in a show that was something like 'Run's House'... that's a different kind of show.''' ,'''Michael Jordan broke the mold of the Magic Johnson/Larry Bird era - he came in and he had a gold chain, he wore longer shorts and his sneakers were a different style.''' ,'''I used to be a pretty good player back in the day. But I don't play basketball too much anymore.''' ,'''When you get the light shined on you, it's always interesting to see how people do in that light. The light shines on you, the spotlight's on you, so what are you going to do?''' ,'''Everybody's out and you get a lot of friction, a lot of heat in the air. It makes a beautiful disaster and that's where the 'Summertime Shootout' comes from.''' ,'''If I was Bill Gates, I would double Bill Gates, you know what I mean? That's the mindstate you should keep in any profession, just keep striking iron and trying to get bigger and better.''' ,'''It's not just in The Bronx or in the ghettos or even just America. It's worldwide. Who knows, it could be some aliens on Mars listening to hip-hop, you know what I mean? So it's really, really transformed from this little thing of ours to a thing for everyone.''' ,'''I like being different and having options.''' ,'''Certain people have that feeling like 'I want to know this. I want to know that.' I have none.''' ,'''I don't think that marriage is in the future for me, I really don't.''' ,'''I really didn't know DMX was married or Ja Rule was married.''' ,'''I like to try new things as well as stay in my comfort zone so I think all the styles or looks I do, represent me.''' ,'''I go from streetwear to high-end fashion, to being formal and wearing suits.''' ,'''As I continue my artistry, I want to touch places that I haven't gone and do certain music that I haven't done over and over again.''' ,'''I'm working on this reality show, with me and my son. It's gonna be like, about young fatherhood where, well, not too young, but in the same token as being my first child and he's so young and me still being relevant in hip-hop. You know, having to balance my career being a father at the same time.''' ,'''I am kinda like, if I don't really know people I am a little passive and a little quiet, and you know most of my friends they know a different side of me, so I guess that's what kinda Twitter gets to see a little bit, things that I would say around my friends and joke around with.''' ,'''I think the worst thing you could do is not shoot the shot. When you shoot you got two options: It can go in or you can miss, and even in the miss you might learn.''' ,'''I remember so many times in the summer there was shootouts and things going on and it was just a part of it. It wasn't even like you regretted it; you still was looking forward to next summer. It was like oh damn, my man got killed but we gon' rep him and next summer we gonna ball again. It was just a part of the culture.''' ,'''Jay-Z has always been a huge figure in hip-hop.''' ,'''I had a certain level of patience, but sometimes weathering the storm is a patient process. Every storm don't pass fast. Every storm, it can be passing, but it can be getting stronger and stronger or it could be coming down hard.''' ,'''Beyonce is graceful, man. Even her way of checking you is graceful.''' ,'''Before I was a musician, I drew. The housing projects in Brooklyn weren't much of a canvas, people didn't know that I had it in me - but I actually went to an art and design high school.''' ,'''The holiday time is where people slow down a little bit more. You get a chance to really take in an album.''' ,'''Ne-Yo is just like a writing genius.''' ,'''If you want something of good quality, you gotta take your time with it.''' ,'''I remember one time 50 was offering me different things to come and be apart of G-Unit. I didn't really do it because it was kind of at the time where they were signing Mobb Deep, Ma$e and M.O.P. I didn't know if I wanted to be up under something.''' ,'''As a celebrity, you have to have some type of peace of your personal life.''' ,'''Some of the ways I write my raps is from my vocabulary I learned in school.''' ,'''I don't take Twitter that serious. It's all in good humor. I've made fun of people on Twitter and it's whatever.''' ,'''I definitely would like to embark on acting, give it a shot, you know maybe that's my calling, maybe it's not.''' ,'''Basketball has a culture to it, it has a swagger to it.''' ,'''Sometimes you have crazy ideas that sound crazy to everybody, but I'm sure everybody has had a crazy idea before. When you pull it off and you don't look crazy anymore, you look like a genius.''' ,'''The Mary J. Blige song is called 'My Life.' It's kinda like an autobiography song, stating what I'm about and what I'm trying to do and what I've done.''' ,'''And I would like to work with Eminem. Because I've always been a fan of his work.''' ,'''D.C. shows me a lot of love.''' ,'''There's an art to basketball; there's a passion to it.''' ,'''I'm definitely a little surprised at what hip-hop was able to do to my life.''' ,'''Just finding the right balance of career, family, personal goals, personal feelings. All of that is part of life and part of growing up.''' ,'''Part of leaving your legacy is not worrying what everyone is saying about it.''' ,'''Whether I've been here three years or 10 years, my agenda is still in the same place as it was when I first came in: it's to continue to make good music, and raise the bar to grow and evolve as a person, as an artist, as everything; just to be a better me.''' ,'''I want to work with Nas.''' ,'''I'm very observant. So, my mentor is really basically a lot of people who are just around me and life itself. Just living and going different places and traveling.''' ,'''I wouldn't do a 'For The Love of Fabulous' kind of show at all.''' ,'''I think growth is a big part of everything, it think even growth for Brooklyn, growth for Downtown Brooklyn is good.''' ,'''I put too many years in business of me working in this industry for me to be a piece of somebody else's thing.''' ,'''LeBron's a close friend of mine, so I always root for him.''' ,'''I won't change myself and compromise myself, but I will make my music to be in the conversation with everyone else's.''' ,'''Look at Jay-Z and Beyonce. Everybody knew Jay and Beyonce were dating. They were sitting around at award shows together like they weren't together for a while before they came out and said whatever. But your life doesn't always have to be exposed. There are a lot of people whose personal lives aren't exposed.''' ,]
+++