+++
author = "Steven Yeun"
title = "Steven Yeun Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Steven Yeun Quotes"
keywords = "steven yeun,steven yeun quotes,steven yeun quote,steven yeun sayings,steven yeun saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Maybe it's a cultural thing, being Korean, but my first reflex has always been to exude humility - but it doesn't help you in acting. For acting, humility isn't the best thing. It'll weaken your work.''' ,'''I am a huge Pistons fan. Those were some of my best times in college, watching the Detroit Pistons.''' ,'''I'm not much of a horror fan. When it comes to ghost stuff and demon stuff, I can't watch that.''' ,'''Many people, not just Asians, are more concerned with hustling and getting to meetings with contacts to gain success.''' ,'''I'm Korean-American. Not Colombian. My parents are first-generation, and I'm like... in-between, because I moved over here when I was four or five.''' ,'''I felt like I've needed to ask my parents up until about four years ago about everything. They have helped me tremendously, I came out of college with no debt. Everything they made, they just poured into my education.''' ,'''If you work in Chicago in the improv scene, anyone is happy for you if you get a job.''' ,'''I'm good at keeping secrets, but if it's not something super serious I usually tell people not to tell me because I'll tell someone else.''' ,'''I like documentaries because there's nothing to nitpick or criticize about scenes if they aren't just right. It's about honesty and real-life circumstances coming out. Granted it can be swayed by how people tell that story, but overall, I like it because it is true.''' ,'''I was raised in a Christian household and heard a lot of praise music, so that's what helps me get to an emotional place.''' ,'''What brought me to L.A. was work! I moved to Chicago after college - I went to Kalamazoo - did my nerd thing, graduated, and moved to Chicago to pursue improv.''' ,'''I'm stupidly curious. I will go and touch anything until I find out that it's very harmful.''' ,'''I was a psych major in college and I actually owned two white lab rats. I had to train them and I took them home so that's just kind of missing for me.''' ,'''I grew up in Michigan, so I played hockey, football and basketball. I played a little bit of lacrosse, too. My brother played more lacrosse and ran track.''' ,'''At the end of the day, if you can't say a line right, it does not matter who your contacts are.''' ,'''I believe that we are still hovering around the realm of Asians playing all types of Asians. I do not see that changing any time soon just because there is a limited pool of Asian actors.''' ,'''I took up boxing to get in shape for filming because it's grueling - all the running, the heat, the yelling, the crying that we do.''' ,'''People think that Detroit is this barren wasteland. While there are parts that are not as nice as others, the misconception is not true. It is definitely not a thriving community in Detroit, but it is getting there. There is a lot of heart and love in this city.''' ,'''Well, my parents originally wanted me to become a doctor - that's why I was in school; I was pre-med, and I graduated with a degree in psychology and a concentration in neuroscience. Really, the plan was for me to go to med school.''' ,'''Whatever I lack in size and strength and speed, I kind of make up for in being grittier. When it comes to something like basketball I'm definitely not the best guy on the court, but I love elbowing and pushing people out or boxing them out.''' ,]
+++