+++
author = "Katie Price"
title = "Katie Price Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Katie Price Quotes"
keywords = "katie price,katie price quotes,katie price quote,katie price sayings,katie price saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm desperate to start a career in music.''' ,'''The people who ask me for my autograph are the people who've put me here today, and you can't afford to forget that.''' ,'''I love 'X Factor,' and I love Sharon: she's brilliant.''' ,'''I'm so interested in the brain. I read true crime.''' ,'''People are people. All that celebrity tagging doesn't bother me at all.''' ,'''The only ones I trust really are my Mum and Dad and those who are closest to me.''' ,'''When I was younger, I used to say, One day I'll be famous.''' ,'''I enjoy horse riding, spending time with my dog 'Smurf,' and basically having a really good laugh partying and having fun!''' ,'''The men I find myself attracted to are the ones who don't say anything and are quite shy.''' ,'''I was a real rebel. I got expelled.''' ,'''Men seem to think that page 3 girls are only interested in money. Money doesn't impress me at all. Not in the slightest.''' ,'''I have loads of underwear, but only wear the bras because I never wear knickers.''' ,'''I like my old nose. If I could get it out the cupboard and put it on, then I would.''' ,'''As a child, I've always been in trouble with men and the police have always had to get involved, through no fault of my own.''' ,'''All I've ever really done is page 3 in The Sun, and not every man reads that.''' ,'''I don't mind anyone asking me any questions, I've got nothing to hide. I like it to be as real as it is; that's what I call an interview. I'm not someone who's like 'Right, you can't ask this, that, this, that, this, that.' It's got to be a real interview. I've literally got nothing to hide.''' ,'''I like to spend time with my family. The majority of my time is spent in London, but I do like to escape and spend time with them in my hometown of Brighton on the south coast.''' ,'''I'm not into one-night stands. I've only slept with three guys in my life and they all involve relationships.''' ,'''My main dream - and I'm trying to get 'Living TV' to do it - is to go into prison and interview serial killers, rapists, murderers, psychopaths.''' ,'''I don't care what anyone says. It's my life, and I can do what I like.''' ,'''I hate going out in Brighton now. It's different in London. People respect you more there.''' ,'''I really hate sitcoms on television with canned laughter and stuff. What really makes me laugh is the real-life stuff. I've got a dry sense of humor.''' ,'''I used to flirt with girls just to get the guys circling around us. I'm getting out of it now. I have to look after my reputation.''' ,'''I'm so loud, as if I know what I'm on about, but deep inside, I'm so insecure. Just a little girl.''' ,'''The most fascinating person I have met so far is indeed Mr. Hugh Hefner. An incredible man!''' ,'''I never ask anyone for anything. I've just not been brought up like that.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I said I wanted to be a model, but people said I had no chance and when I realized my ambition, people in the business still continued to state negative stuff.''' ,'''You do get some weirdos, but if there are any nice people out there who want to write to me pleasantly, then they'll get a pleasant reply back!''' ,'''When I was 17 I sent a picture up to an agency, and within a week I was in The Sun five days in a row.''' ,'''My middle name should be 'Drama,' but I love it. I think everyone should have some kind of stress in their life; otherwise, it's boring isn't it?''' ,'''I think I must have a super-fast metabolism.''' ,'''All I want is a gentleman. I'm sick to bloody death of bastards.''' ,'''I don't mind anyone asking me any questions, I've got nothing to hide. I like it to be as real as it is, that's what I call an interview.''' ,'''Hopefully I'll be successful with the singing, but there are so many other things I want to do, like acting. I'll do them one at a time first!''' ,'''I don't really want to do topless stuff anymore.''' ,'''I'm quite an insecure person and need reassuring all the time.''' ,'''I didn't fancy any of my teachers.''' ,'''I don't think I'm beautiful. I just think I can scrub up OK.''' ,'''I get really saucy after a few drinks. Sexy rude, not obnoxious rude.''' ,'''I've had Botox and all that - why not? There's no cream that gets rid of wrinkles; that's a load of rubbish in my eyes. But Botox does.''' ,'''Unfortunately with the media, the red tops, and all the celebrity weekly magazines, the ones who were once loyal - well, when I say loyal, this is a game; this is a game that we're in. If it's your time to get picked on, then you get picked on, and, you know, I'm used to that.''' ,'''I've always ridden horses.''' ,'''I want to do other things like more fashion campaigns.''' ,'''I am happy to receive any items of jewelry.''' ,'''I know I will die in a car crash.''' ,'''If you want to stay in the business then you've got to be a bit shrewd, haven't you?''' ,'''I stick to my own type when I go out, and I don't make friends with people just because they're celebrities.''' ,'''I do like my hair being pulled from time to time, it's like a pair of reins, innit?''' ,'''Just because you have kids doesn't mean to say you need time off. I have a lot of time off anyway. If I'm promoting my book, like, for the next two weeks, I'm flat out. But then I'm off again. And when you've got the next product, it's the same; you just condense it into a couple of weeks.''' ,'''I like protective men, the type who'll put an arm around me so I can be smothered.''' ,]
+++