+++
author = "Tim Pawlenty"
title = "Tim Pawlenty Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Tim Pawlenty Quotes"
keywords = "tim pawlenty,tim pawlenty quotes,tim pawlenty quote,tim pawlenty sayings,tim pawlenty saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The rising cost of prescription drugs has sparked a prairie fire that is spreading across our nation.''' ,'''One of the things about leadership is that you've got to show up. And if you want to be president of the United States you've got to make a case to the American people that Barack Obama needs to be dismissed from his position.''' ,'''Keeping a lid on taxes is not just good for the taxpayer. It's a powerful way to force government to be more accountable, set priorities and spend smarter. Let me repeat that: more accountable, set priorities and spend smarter - that's what we need to be about.''' ,'''There is a group of individuals who are radical jihadists. We need to call them by name. They believe it is OK to kill people in the name of their religion. It is not all of Islam. It is not all Muslims. But there is a subgroup who believe it is OK. In fact, it is their plan and design to kill people.''' ,'''We got two examples in recent history from this country. One in the '80s under President Reagan. One under President Clinton and the Democratic-controlled Congress in the '90s. We had nearly 5 percent growth rate in each of those decades. We can do it again for sure.''' ,'''A strong dollar reflects a strong country and a strong economy, and we need to make sure that we get the - stop the practice of devaluing the dollar.''' ,'''National polls basically always misinterpret the final outcome or mis-predict the final outcome.''' ,'''The reason that the unions and the other stakeholders have not cut a deal with the automakers is because they believe the federal government is going to bail them out.''' ,'''We have a country that is $5 a gallon gas, $4 a gallon gas, we got unbearable unemployment and a federal government that is out of control. We have to take back this country and we've got to get off the sidelines and take it to President Obama.''' ,'''We have to cut spending. We're - the thing is out of control.''' ,'''Oil companies have played a role in suppressing the development of alternative fuels.''' ,'''I have traveled around Minnesota and addressed many issues, and immigration is one of those issues.''' ,'''A great deal has been said about my commitment not to raise taxes. It's a core value - it's common sense - it's important to keeping and growing jobs - and it's mainstream!''' ,'''The federal government is responsible for addressing how to address the status of the estimated 9 to 15 million people who are in the country illegally, but local and state law enforcement can be helpful partners in that regard.''' ,'''I'm a market person, but there are certain circumstances where you've got to have government put up the guardrails or bust up entrenched interests before they become too powerful.''' ,'''The unions and the auto companies have been unable to put a deal together that fundamentally restructures the industry. It needs to get done. The only way it's really going to get done is in bankruptcy court. They should have done it six months ago they should do it now.''' ,'''Medicaid is essentially bankrupt, Medicare is essentially bankrupt, why the heck would we give the federal government another entitlement program to manage?''' ,'''It appears that President Obama is making great progress on climate change, he is changing the political climate in the country back to Republican.''' ,'''I do support enhanced interrogation techniques. Obviously their value is shining through with respect to the bin Laden killing.''' ,'''Legal immigration should emphasize merit and meeting the needs of the U.S., including specific unmet workforce needs.''' ,'''If the federal government is dumb enough to give it to us, we'll be smart enough to take it. In Minnesota's case, we are not a net taker of money from the federal government.''' ,'''We should say to private employers, if you knowingly hire illegal immigrants, there's going to be a consequence. I underline the word 'knowingly.' And you make available a system like E-Verify.''' ,'''History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice.''' ,'''We want market-based, consumer-based reforms in health care. We want to give people incentives to make wise choices in a marketplace, not centralized choices and have government mandates and takeovers.''' ,'''In my address last year, I spoke on the issue of gaming. My preference then is my preference now: to keep gaming within its existing contours, but to explore a better deal for all Minnesotans.''' ,'''When President Bush left office, the deficit was approximately $500 billion. It is now approximately now $1.5 trillion. In other words, President Obama has essentially tripled the deficit.''' ,'''Cracking down on illegal immigration was a key priority when I ran in 2002, 2006, and during my time as governor. Illegal immigration is a big problem, and it needs to be strongly addressed.''' ,'''The only thing growing faster than the federal government's deficit is Chris Matthews' man-crush on Barack Obama.''' ,'''The people and the mindset that killed 3,000 of our fellow citizens on September 11 2001, would have killed not 3,000, but 300,000 if they could have or 3 million or 30 million. We need to do everything we can within our value systems and legal structures to make sure that doesn't happen.''' ,'''It is the era of Trump, and I'm just not a Trump-like politician.''' ,'''We need to be calling out the flaws and misguided decisions of the Democrats in Congress and the Obama administration.''' ,]
+++