+++
author = "Richard Edelman"
title = "Richard Edelman Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Richard Edelman Quotes"
keywords = "richard edelman,richard edelman quotes,richard edelman quote,richard edelman sayings,richard edelman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love what I do. I really do. I don't find myself administering. I just like to work on clients.''' ,'''Most smart companies should make themselves media companies. That means they put out their own information.''' ,'''The 'truthiness' of Trump's so-called facts, the questions he posed on President Obama's nationality or jobs destroyed by free trade, has the same effect as dueling scientists on issues such as obesity or climate change.''' ,'''Great women, in partnership with great men, will continue to take us forward.''' ,'''I had a job lined up as an assistant brand manager at Playtex, at age 23, all lined up. But my father had an offer to be acquired by DDB in 1978. He said, 'I'd really like you to come into the business for a year.'''' ,'''As trust in institutions erodes, the basic assumptions of fairness, shared values, and equal opportunity traditionally upheld by 'the system' are no longer taken for granted.''' ,'''Israeli ingenuity was never more evident than in the Ayalon bullet factory built during the British occupation of Palestine. It was constructed underneath an urban kibbutz. The workers had a bakery and laundry which provided constant clatter to disguise the work carried on below ground.''' ,'''Modern, effective leadership means moving beyond the 'grand illusion' to engage the mass population and to align business with societal goals.''' ,'''We have seen an unprecedented dispersion of authority, such that 'a person like you' is now one of the most credible spokespersons on business, along with technical and academic experts.''' ,'''Advertising has always been the 'head boy' of the communications industry, but not anymore. Now the rest - creative, digital, and media - is just as important.''' ,'''The tech industry should make bold commitments to address pressing societal issues.''' ,'''There's a lingering notion that elites continue to lead, and the masses will follow. This historic model of influence was predicated on the belief that elites have access to superior information and their interests are interconnected with those of the broader public.''' ,'''Technology has allowed the creation of media echo chambers, so that a person can reinforce, rather than debate, viewpoints.''' ,'''We have continued to advance our global ambition with acquisitions that fill in the global footprint, such as Dabo in Dubai on the marketing side, Smithfield in the U.K. for financial PR, Ergo in Germany for corporate reputation and public affairs, and Position in Colombia to add scale to our Latin America business.''' ,'''I think PR people are caught in this mindset of 'control of the message.' There's a lot more freedom if you give up control. If you allow people to say things that are genuine and admit mistakes and get on.''' ,'''To be silent is to be complicit.''' ,'''The trust of the mass population can no longer be taken for granted, and any continuation of the 'grand illusion' is dangerous for leaders in today's world.''' ,'''The short form, speed, and consistency of communication by Trump beat Clinton's nuanced, detailed, and long-form communication. Trump came across as more genuine, Clinton as less than transparent. Trump engaged directly with his community; Clinton spoke through the media in a careful and less frequent manner.''' ,'''People go to work at Wall Street firms to make a lot of money. They may not love what they are doing, but the punishing hours and travel are incredibly well-compensated. By contrast, the engineers at technology firms do believe that they can change how we all live.''' ,'''My father and I talked every day. He coached me on how to cold-call companies I wanted in our portfolio, how to network at public events, to cultivate senior journalists at important outlets, and how to run a profitable P&L. But, more or less, he allowed me to make my own mistakes.''' ,'''Engagement and integrity are the two most fundamental aspects of building trust; lead from the front by evolving your company strategy, then live your values every day.''' ,'''We win with facts that are well expressed and frequently communicated; we lose with silence and indifference to the broader social context.''' ,'''Corporate blogging strategy requires some specialist insight in order to understand tone, the definition of micro-niche leaders, and subjects to cover.''' ,'''I wake up every day, and the family fortune is on the line, and that's a good thing.''' ,'''We like being private because when there is a downturn, as in 2001 and 2008, we do not reduce people. Also, we have flat decision-making. It's quick. We don't have to meet quarterly numbers, and it's all about excellence of work for the client.''' ,'''There was a near-universal set of editorial endorsements of Clinton. Trump used this disparity to his advantage, to claim media bias and unify his base of supporters.''' ,'''I remember feeling proud as I cast my first vote in Chicago in the 1972 presidential election - President Richard Nixon versus Senator George McGovern. Finally, I could participate. There was so much at stake.''' ,'''CEOs who boldly lean into fulfilling the dual mandate of earning profits and providing societal benefits will find a receptive public.''' ,'''The media has to go local and go social.''' ,'''The question for every Olympics is whether the giant investment will pay off in the future.''' ,'''We do everything from community management to specific marketing promotions.''' ,'''Have very frequent talks with employees because they are your best allies.''' ,'''Social lets consumers talk about the products. You may pay your way onto the Facebook feed, but after that, it's conversations by the users. That's not sufficient because it leaves out what is possible for employees to talk, for R&D to talk, or the CEO to talk.''' ,'''The trust of the mass population can no longer be taken for granted.''' ,'''The pace of change in marketing and the marketplace continues to accelerate. Unicorn companies are challenging long-established brands, and categories are being re-imagined.''' ,'''In 1997, my father appointed me CEO but acted as player-coach, keeping busy on long-term clients such as KFC and international travel brands.''' ,'''The best tech companies are led by founders with entrepreneurial zeal and strong egos. They consistently deliver what we want and what we need, at prices that decrease over time. The Wall Street firm is a long-standing institution with a more established hierarchy.''' ,'''Business has to stand up on behalf of its employees, on behalf of immigration, on behalf of its customers, and on behalf of supply chain-cum-globalization.''' ,'''The Dabo people are consumer marketing geniuses. This is exactly why we acquired them.''' ,'''We need the media as the foundation of functioning institutions.''' ,'''We must be able to appeal to the CCO and CMO with programs that have purpose at the core, that start movements and solicit views of the core community of brand supporters.''' ,'''I want Edelman to remain a family business.''' ,'''It may be fine for an artist to be indifferent to the reaction of the viewer to a work of art. A vigorous debate on issues is also beneficial. But the dark vision of a world without truth cannot be our future.''' ,'''The separation of audience into tribes preferring to reinforce their own views with media of similar ideological stripe makes true debate impossible.''' ,'''We're not going into advertising. But we see the future battleground existing between ourselves, digital firms, and media-buying firms.''' ,'''We can't, nor should we try, to influence who our employees vote for, but facilitating their involvement in civic action is better for business, better for our people, and better for our government institutions.''' ,'''We have to improve our ability to deliver tangible results, namely sales, not simply awareness or change of attitude among opinion formers.''' ,'''There is a fear of innovation because people are afraid of job loss.''' ,'''I was 14 when the Democratic convention in my hometown of Chicago erupted into violence. It was a tough year.''' ,'''Companies need to be very active in formulating public policy - not as a substitute for government, but as a supplement.''' ,'''When I joined the family business, our clients were mostly on the marketing side, from Morris the Nine Lives Cat to KFC's Colonel Sanders.''' ,'''We've learned that when a consumer moves from a relationship rooted in 'me' to one powered by 'we,' a new world of buying and advocacy opens up for a brand.''' ,'''Be smart about selecting your micro niches for communicating in the blogosphere.''' ,'''I think that the direct conversation is exactly what companies need to earn trust of customers. Admit an error. Fix a problem. Commit to doing better. That is only human.''' ,'''The world has flipped upside-down. It used to be a pyramid of authority; now it's upside down. The influence actually rests with the mid-level people, who speak peer-to-peer. If they're for you, you win.''' ,'''Our goal is to put news where it earns attention, where readers can access it on every device and interact with it. We're meeting our clients' audiences where they are instead of asking them to come to us. Increasingly, that means hosting the content on social blogging sites like Medium.''' ,'''The inability or unwillingness of citizens to differentiate between fake and authentic news is undermining a fundamental assumption of democracy: the informed voter.''' ,'''Institutions are better served by going direct to end users, establishing a channel for direct dialogue and feedback. It is a world of many to one, not one to many.''' ,'''I love playing tennis. I am an exercise freak.''' ,'''The lack of societal and institutional safeguards provides fertile ground for populist movements fueled by fear.''' ,'''More and more readers are finding important and interesting content through platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and now Medium rather than traditional publishers.''' ,'''Edelman maintains a very conservative balance sheet. We do small acquisitions. This helps me sleep well at night.''' ,'''We have witnessed a stunning reversal of power between mainstream and social media: The ability to go direct to end users of information through social channels radically disrupted the mainstream news agenda.''' ,'''Social media has had a corrosive effect on government and trust, and I think it is a real cause for concern.''' ,'''In the wake of the Great Recession, most business leaders have tended to focus on their enterprise and short-term performance. The time for that narrow focus is over.''' ,'''Advertising has a problem. They're being squeezed because media buyers and digital firms are doing the creative. They're being squeezed because people aren't viewing their stuff.''' ,'''The best creative no longer has to originate in Chicago or London; it will be coming from Stockholm, Tokyo, and Seoul as well.''' ,'''I went to every sports contest for my kids. I turned off my cell phone at 8 P.M. I did have to travel relentlessly and had some nights at black tie events. But when I was home, I was home.''' ,'''Even with flexible time off to vote, it's still difficult for our people to juggle work, polls, childcare, and other responsibilities.''' ,'''Instead of worrying about potential disruption, brands can be creative societal disruptors - because their consumers will be right there by their side as committed partners in a better life.''' ,'''My hike up the Snake Path at Masada was mystical. The fog rolled in, enveloping the entire mountain.''' ,'''The problems of the world, from immigration to populism to income inequality to sustainability to peacekeeping, require a well-functioning supranational body.''' ,'''I completely disagree with Arthur Brooks of the American Enterprise Institute on the need for dignity in the marketplace instead of the social safety net, but he is a very persuasive character.''' ,'''Companies should take advantage of social media's power to connect, but honor the continued role of media in shaping opinion.''' ,'''The tech company needs to win in the war for talent. This means much greater focus on the employee, not simply as cog in the machine, but vital member of a programming team in a race against time and competitors. Wall Street is up-or-out, dog-eat-dog, survival of the fittest.''' ,'''It's urgent that companies tell their own stories on digital platforms.''' ,'''Gender parity in management is a necessity.''' ,'''In a world of dispersed authority, the battle for the truth will be won or lost with the employees.''' ,'''We aim to be the primary creative partner, digital channel implementer, and relationship builder with influencers.''' ,'''We have moved beyond the point of trust being simply a key factor in product purchase or selection of employment opportunity; it is now the deciding factor in whether a society can function.''' ,'''Edelman diversified into public affairs in the late '60s with important programs for the Concorde SST, gaining landing rights at JFK Airport in New York, and in the late '70s generating public approval for the building of the very stark Vietnam Veterans War Memorial in Washington, D.C., from a design by the very young architect Maya Lin.''' ,'''The dominant advertising advantage of Clinton, with spending of 10 to 1 over Trump, reinforced the perception that she was trying to buy, rather than earn, votes.''' ,'''In many cases, companies use the crisis moments to pivot to do better. We like to be part of that.''' ,'''When we were doing the launch of Kinect for Xbox, it was very much about getting sort of young blogger-influencer types to try this thing well in advance - a year before launch.''' ,'''Money is flowing out of traditional advertising into experiential, social, and sports.''' ,'''We have been pushing forward on a new way of storytelling we call 'collaborative journalism' on behalf of a number of our clients.''' ,'''The marketing business has been just about promoting things, but we don't believe that anymore. There has to be a societal component, too.''' ,'''We have got to be more comfortable experimenting with different models. So maybe a client just needs execution people or a lot of young people who are great with social media. We don't always have to give them the pyramidal structure of senior VP and account supervisor.''' ,'''In our family business, the Edelman children must earn their way - there were and will be no promises without performance and leadership. That may lead to some skinned knees, but it is certainly the best way to learn life lessons.''' ,'''We believe in a best-in-class vertical strategy, with PR at the center as its operating ethos of earned at the core, social by design.''' ,'''Walter Isaacson attracts the best and the brightest to Aspen. It is exhilarating to listen to the likes of David Rubenstein and constitutional scholar Jeffrey Rosen speak about George Washington and Newt Gingrich and the original intent of the Second Amendment.''' ,'''The number one way to get trust back is to pay your employees well and get them to speak well about the company.''' ,'''Mainstream media has been abandoned by many, for ideological reasons mostly, and brands need to directly engage with the end-user of information and offer opportunities for consumer- and employee-generated content.''' ,'''My daughters will succeed me as owners of the firm.''' ,'''The historic quarrels between Japan and Korea pale in importance to the bigger question of extent of U.S. commitment to the defense of the region.''' ,'''PR is premised on truth, trust, and transparency.''' ,'''Trump has moved campaigns into a post-advertising era with a total reversal of spend from paid to earned media.''' ,'''Talking points are a core set of messages an executive or politician utilizes in communicating with stakeholders. It's a term of art for having an outline of your remarks.''' ,'''We're promoting the concept of public engagement. It's as much about what clients do as how they say it. It's about being in people's lives, taking on relevant, of-the-moment issues.''' ,'''I take the subway to work. I fly coach back and forth to Chicago.''' ,]
+++