+++
author = "Josh Keaton"
title = "Josh Keaton Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Josh Keaton Quotes"
keywords = "josh keaton,josh keaton quotes,josh keaton quote,josh keaton sayings,josh keaton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've played a lot of younger, more coming-of-age roles as well as roles that aren't such an imposing physical presence.''' ,'''I grew up nerdy, scrawny, playing video games, and getting picked on.''' ,'''Video game voicing is absolutely different from cartoon work. In cartoons, you're almost always there with the entire cast, and the entire script is acted out in sequence. With video games, it's you by yourself, in a room with a script you just got when you walked in.''' ,'''I'd love to do live-action superheroes. And you know, I boxed for several years. I have some martial arts experience.''' ,'''I've learned that being a superhero isn't all glitz and glamour. We think if we have a special power, our problem will go away. It's just a new set of problems. Being a superhero alienates you and separates you from humanity. As Spiderman famously said, 'With great power comes great responsibility.'''' ,'''I think being a dragon would be pretty awesome... you get to fly.''' ,'''Spidey was the one comic I read consistently throughout my childhood. As someone who grew up a nerd, scrawny, and picked on in high school, I related very strongly to Peter Parker.''' ,'''Acting is reacting... there's a magic when you're working with another actor. With voice acting, you're doing it alone, all in your head. So, you have to re-create that essence by yourself. It's not necessarily more difficult. It's just a different set of skills.''' ,'''I'm passionate about fantasy movies. I'm passionate about comic book movies. I'm passionate about superheroes. And movies about vengeance. And all of that - the stuff that I grew up reading.''' ,'''Spiderman was my favorite comic book character growing up. I'm a geek, so I love the fact Peter Parker is into science. And I gravitate towards short guys. I'm 5' 9" now, but in junior high, I got picked on because I was 4' 8".''' ,]
+++