+++
author = "Hunx"
title = "Hunx Quotes"
quotes_len = "91"
description = "the best 91 Hunx Quotes"
keywords = "hunx,hunx quotes,hunx quote,hunx sayings,hunx saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I live for Snooki. She's so cute. I love her so much.''' ,'''I think I'm a really sweet guy, kind of shy and nice and stuff.''' ,'''I dress kind of flashy.''' ,'''I've tried to stalk Danzig. I've walked by his house on Franklin that looks super haunted and scary, but I've never seen him.''' ,'''I went to beauty school when I was 19 because I thought it seemed funny, not because I thought I'd be good at it. I was terrible at first. I gave a girl a perm, and she cried.''' ,'''Perry Farrell is so gross, and his wife looks like a monkey.''' ,'''I have zero morals about television. I just want to be entertained.''' ,'''I really love 'Hairspray.' I love the idea of this teenage dance show where you have to go through all these competitions to get to the next level.''' ,'''I think fashion should be funny. Seriously!''' ,'''I like in-person interviews, but I do a lot of interviews over the phone, and it's so boring. The same questions over and over.''' ,'''My favorite artists are my friends.''' ,'''I love it at our shows when there's the big, tough, punk guys standing next to the weird teenagers and the gay guys. It's so weird, and it's so awesome.''' ,'''Hunx was more punk, and Seth Bogart is more pop and plastic.''' ,'''As soon as the makeup comes on, I transform myself. I like being an entertainer and putting on a show.''' ,'''I went to beauty school, not art school.''' ,'''I'm determined to only work with women or queer people because it's always a straight dude at the soundboard. I just don't want to do that anymore! It dilutes the fruit-ness!''' ,'''I don't really trust musical artists that don't also do visual art.''' ,'''I wear a lot of wigs and stuff on stage to make my hair look bigger.''' ,'''I'm, like, forever a teenage girl in a way. No matter how hard I try not to be, that's just what I am. All I care about is boys and shopping.''' ,''''Hairdresser Blues' was written when I was deep in a ten-year depression that I escaped shortly after recording that album. I don't like that album.''' ,'''I think performers who pretend fashion doesn't matter are huge liars.''' ,'''I like keeping an ongoing list of dream collaborators on my phone. I like to write down all of my dreams, actually.''' ,'''Just because I have a sense of humor and use bright colors, people always say it's 'camp.' I'm just doing my thing. I think of it as art.''' ,'''I think it's because all our music videos have chubby girls wearing crazy makeup and crazy gay dudes and trannies that are overly stylized and over-the-top. Being compared to John Waters and girl groups isn't a bad thing, though.''' ,'''Somebody once described my music as 'Hairdresser Pop.' I don't know what that sounds like.''' ,'''I love the idea of not being able to afford something and just making your own version or buying a cheap knock-off instead.''' ,'''I just don't want to be boring.''' ,'''Never did much art till I was in my 30s, except for painting video sets, designing record covers and T-shirts, and making zines and stuff. I thought I was too punk for art and felt grossed out by white-room galleries and art people.''' ,'''I don't understand why you have to be one boring thing your whole life. Why can't you just do whatever you want all the time?''' ,'''I hate old white men.''' ,'''People should be themselves.''' ,'''I'm basically a mom who loves vision boards, dream lists, and 'The Secret.'''' ,'''I think, aesthetically, I've always been drawn to packaging and products, combs and blowdryers, all that.''' ,'''In San Francisco, I lived in Bayview-Hunters Point.''' ,'''Gravy Train!!!! started out as a joke where we'd crash parties and be really obnoxious, and then somehow we got somewhat famous, and it was really weird.''' ,'''I blacked out my childhood after a string of traumatic events in my late adolescence.''' ,'''In my day-to-day life, I'm not that wild.''' ,'''All I can say is that it's important to follow your dreams.''' ,'''I don't know why everyone tries to be like everyone else or just tries to make it to the top when they should be themselves and do their own thing.''' ,'''I kind of got this weird feeling a couple years ago - I never went to college; did I miss out? I took one class, and I was like, no, I don't need to go to school.''' ,'''I would get plastic surgery. It sounds fun.''' ,'''If I wanted to make a subversive record, it would be horrifying and insane.''' ,'''Bouncers suck.''' ,'''I'm a strong believer in just doing your thing. No matter what.''' ,'''I traded all my 'Star Wars' toys for Pee-wee Herman toys. I wonder if I had a crush or him or something? The colors and the way that everything looked so cool or crazy just appealed to me as a young gay in Tucson.''' ,'''Hunx is kind of his own person that is not really me in my normal life.''' ,'''I love being surrounded by women.''' ,'''I'd love to work on art and music full time.''' ,'''Sometimes I fantasize about becoming a cartoon and only making music for cartoons. I can easily visualize my future in music when I go into that fantasy in my head.''' ,'''I find it sad that people think it's a political, gender-bending thing, because, really, I'm just singing about guys. There's a million guys singing about girls, and no one makes a big deal of it.''' ,'''I don't have any qualms about selling out.''' ,'''There have been a lot of gay punks before me, and there will be a lot after.''' ,'''Falling off stages or making out with gross guys isn't something I'm very fond of.''' ,'''There's one side of me that just wants to get up on stage and be punk and go crazy and stuff like that; and there's also this other side of me that's like a grandma - really into arts and crafts.''' ,'''Everyone knows queers and women invented punk.''' ,'''I'm not sure, exactly, why someone would want to move to S.F. or N.Y.C., even. I would only wanna live in L.A. or a tiny town like Provincetown or Palm Springs or Guerneville or something like that.''' ,'''I'm from Tucson, Arizona.''' ,'''Hunx is kind of just, like, a really trashy punk band, honestly.''' ,'''I have so many photos of myself in my room when I was a kid; I had one wall that was all TLC posters that I got free at some record store, then another wall was all Public Enemy, and the last wall was all '90210.'''' ,'''I want to add 'record mogul' to my list of accomplishments and make a disgusting amount of money so I can buy a house between Taylor Swift and Miley Cyrus.''' ,'''It's important to be out as a performer.''' ,'''Being a hairdresser is really fun, especially if you don't work at a stupid rich-lady place. You basically just get paid to hang out and talk with a bunch of cool, weird ladies and help them with their looks.''' ,'''I don't know if this is necessarily a misconception, but I think people make way more a deal out of my sexuality than necessary.''' ,'''The idea of taking a brand that already exists and making a really poor-looking version of it, with acrylic or puffy paint, is really aesthetically pleasing to my eyes and also funny.''' ,'''I think, if anything, it would be fun to play at house parties or in Japan.''' ,'''I love the beach.''' ,'''I'm bored of just being in a band and touring.''' ,'''I hate Victoria's Secret but can definitely get into Forever 21.''' ,'''Women that hate other women - that's the worst.''' ,'''I'm into the natural look on men.''' ,'''That's what I want to put out into the world - just stuff I love, tributes to my favorite pop stars.''' ,'''I really want to make the gayest, gayest album ever.''' ,'''I have extreme ADD, and I'm into all kinds of stuff.''' ,'''Often, I feel like a cheap imitation aesthetically looks better to me than the real, out-of-reach thing. It's amazing that brands create a whole illusion of exclusivity and luxury, and then you can go get the $5 version of a $30,000 thing and feel the same way but have a cool little secret.''' ,'''I didn't know that buying expensive paint was a good thing and important. I always used whatever is cheapest, which I'm into, too.''' ,'''I really like Mark Mothersbaugh.''' ,'''I've never been in a band where I didn't dress up. It just feels very me.''' ,'''Several times, I've been talking with some gross person at a party and had them literally walk away - mid convo - to ruthlessly approach someone more famous.''' ,'''I absolutely hate waxing and any kinda manscaping, although I love it when I'm cutting a man's hair, and his eyebrows are really insane, and I get to trim them.''' ,'''I just find it weird if you're in a band and you don't know how to make it look the way it sounds. You really need to be involved with the entire creative process in order for it to totally work.''' ,'''I got a guitar when I was 14. I made really, really, really bad music as a teen. I learned to play Smashing Pumpkins and Hole songs.''' ,'''My aim was to dismantle this false history that men created punk, because they didn't. And they were certainly never the best at it.''' ,'''Everyone tries to be so slick and modern and computerized. I've always done everything myself with little money, so I guess it's become 'my look,' but it's not really intentional.''' ,'''If I could be on any show, I think I'd want to be on 'Bad Girls Club.'''' ,'''The music is super fun. I love writing the songs. I love performing, for the most part, and I love doing artwork, but I hate answering 100 emails a day and most interviews.''' ,'''If I don't have projects going on, I get depressed.''' ,'''Gravy Train!!!! damaged me because I don't think I will ever again experience something so intense and exciting. We were so young and pent up - and didn't care about anything else in the world.''' ,'''Beauty school gave me brain damage.''' ,'''I've met people who are embarrassed of the stuff they've done, and they try to hide it. And I'm not embarrassed of anything.''' ,'''Honestly, I find so many fields - fashion, art, music - totally boring and restricting if you just stick to one of them and try so hard to fit into that thing.''' ,'''I just feel like, unfortunately, I'm a person that has to be creative to live. Whether that's, like, painting or making sculptures or writing songs, sometimes I just feel like that's the only thing you can do.''' ,]
+++