+++
author = "Glenn Murray"
title = "Glenn Murray Quotes"
quotes_len = "76"
description = "the best 76 Glenn Murray Quotes"
keywords = "glenn murray,glenn murray quotes,glenn murray quote,glenn murray sayings,glenn murray saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Most things in life you can work for or buy. But I can't guarantee a goal... And when it comes, I can't give that feeling to anyone. Only I can feel it and know it. I want my children, my wife and people close to me to have that feeling. But I can never give them that.''' ,'''I am what I am. I can't change that.''' ,'''I grew up desperate to be a professional footballer and I was willing to do anything to be one.''' ,'''The lowest point in my non-league career came when I was a teenage substitute for Workington Reds in a game at Blyth Spartans, and some kids started throwing eggs at me and the other subs when we were warming up.''' ,'''Playing in America led to me getting a chance. Kicking around in the non-leagues I was going nowhere so I'm glad I did it.''' ,'''I have learned a lot over the years. I have learned how best to use my attributes. That comes with a bit of knowledge and a bit of wisdom.''' ,'''I can remember playing for Carlisle and just running around like a headless chicken telling the others boys not to worry, that I'd do their running for them. I was just so eager and so keen and desperate to be a footballer that I did that.''' ,'''I need balls put in the box and I need chances to be created for me.''' ,'''If there is ever one thing you learn as a professional footballer, you have a lot of critics and you have the chance to silence your critics.''' ,'''I know hotel life sounds good but, believe me, it grows old when you have eaten the menu ten times over and you know you've stayed too long when you're on first-name terms with the staff.''' ,'''Eddie Howe was the most tactical manager I have worked under.''' ,'''Anyone who's kicked a ball with their mates and played for their local club knows the buzz of being part of a team, playing without fear or pressure.''' ,'''I had some great years at Palace, got supported really well by the fans.''' ,'''We know the English market is quite high and I think that sometimes puts clubs off. I think there is a lot of hype around the Premier League.''' ,'''As far as I am concerned I just want to play games, score as many goals as possible, wherever that may be.''' ,'''It took me a little bit of time in the Premier League. I came back from an ACL and got one goal in I think six months at Crystal Palace. It wasn't great but I got to grips with the Premier League, started to understand what it's about because it's very different to the lower leagues.''' ,'''I watched 'Match of the Day' growing up every week and I'm talking until I was 29-years-old.''' ,'''That's something that drives me on - wanting to prove people wrong. Because the amount of people who have told me, 'no, you're not good enough.' A lot of people fall at that hurdle. But I just kept getting up and looking for that one person who said yes.''' ,'''My time in non-league definitely grounded me and taught me to take nothing for granted - there was no glamour involved, that is for sure.''' ,'''I am just a normal bloke. I take my kids to parties, put the bins out.''' ,'''I want to continue to play and score as many goals as possible for as long as possible.''' ,'''When I left Carlisle United for the first time at the age of 16 in 2000, I hated football.''' ,'''I take heart from players around me.''' ,'''I've only ever moved on when I've not been wanted. Experience has told me, when your time's up, you have to go. Don't get me wrong, I've enjoyed my time at all the clubs I've been at, and they've all got a special place in my heart.''' ,'''Everyone just plays football, don't they? It is just part of life in England. Once I started I just totally got the bug and never lost it.''' ,'''I've had the privilege of playing in our top seven leagues and the main differences when stepping up are organisation, athleticism and decisiveness. Believe me, the gap is even more evident when you achieve the holy grail of the Premier League.''' ,'''It just wasn't the right fit at Bournemouth. I wasn't suited to their style.''' ,'''When I was young, I would dwell on games and beat myself up about a result. I would lock myself away in the house, almost punishing myself and those around me.''' ,'''My wife is from Brighton so I got a bit of stick for going to Palace even though in my first three-and-a-half years at Brighton I didn't actually face them. So I don't think I completely understood the rivalry.''' ,'''Chelsea is a club I've always had a soft spot for as they have kept faith with playing a traditional strong and physical No. 9.''' ,'''Obviously, I don't have any real speed to work with so I have to use other things. The modern game is very speed based so as soon as managers see that you haven't got that pace it can be tough.''' ,'''The Championship is a really tough league with a huge prize at the end of it.''' ,'''If you stop learning at any time, you start to fall down the leagues.''' ,'''I've had many strike partners over the years and usually their aim is to outscore you - and take great pleasure in doing so.''' ,'''I've added to my abilities since moving to Bournemouth. You are always having to re-learn how to be a centre-forward as the game is moving forward.''' ,'''I never imagined I'd make it in the Football League.''' ,'''I think health is the most important thing.''' ,'''Scoring goals is the best feeling in the world. It's a habit. It's a drug. Everybody runs away in the playground pretending they've scored in front of thousands of people. I do that for real.''' ,'''When you're a kid football is, and should be, sheer enjoyment.''' ,'''No two managers are the same and I believe how players are man-managed on a daily basis has a huge influence on their performance on the field.''' ,'''Rather than just sit there, I would prefer to get out and play football. Brighton have let me do that.''' ,'''Stadium tunnels are often tight and filled with testosterone. With that combination of a confined space and emotions running high you get the ideal scenario for confrontation.''' ,'''And I'm not the kind of person to just sit around.''' ,'''I must be rubbish as I can only play one sport.''' ,'''When a club shows interest and a manager wants you it is always nice.''' ,'''I feel every time I score I prove people wrong. People doubt me all the time. They do that to all players but for me it's, 'He's too slow, he's too old.' It annoys those people every time I score and it drives me on.''' ,'''Tactics, gameplan and players are all influential in how a team performs but the question is how to manage every individual in your charge and get them to play like a finely tuned orchestra.''' ,'''It was through the Hammerheads that I got a route into the professional game, via a trial at Sunderland from Mick McCarthy and then an invitation to come back to Carlisle in 2004.''' ,'''When Carlisle released me, I felt as though the dream of being a footballer was over.''' ,'''The only thing that got me to believe in myself was scoring goals.''' ,'''As a teenager, I was in the Carlisle schoolboy scheme and while I was excited to join at first, I look back on it as a tough few years.''' ,'''The archetypal No. 10 is a skillful player who is more interested in being in possession than tracking to get the ball back.''' ,'''Players want a manager you feel in your gut you want to play for - they can have the best tactics and philosophy in the world but if you have lost a player in his heart or head, you have lost him in every other department.''' ,'''I had four great years at Palace but just felt it was the right time to start a new chapter of my career.''' ,'''Let's face it, when you're a striker and the coach is playing you at left-back you know your time is up.''' ,'''Football can give everyone who loves the game their great moments and most dreadful disappointments. All it takes is a couple of bad injuries or decisions to turn a season and that's just the unforgiving nature of sport.''' ,'''It's always nice to go and play the big teams at the big stadiums.''' ,'''It is well-documented that Bournemouth like to play football. I think I can give them a slightly different dimension when the ball goes into the box.''' ,'''The space between keepers and defenders is referred to as the 'corridor of opportunity' - a well-hit pass in there has the goalie questioning whether to come into traffic and defenders unsure of whether or where to clear the ball.''' ,'''Do I do yoga? Yeah.''' ,'''I am taking each game as it comes, enjoying it and taking that little bit of extra time to look around a full stadium, because I know it's not going to last forever. But I will try and make it last as long as possible.''' ,'''I think there was a time where the target man went out of fashion and it was all about the small and quick striker.''' ,'''All goals are amazing. But scoring away from home, if I am honest, is extra special.''' ,'''But I like Harry Kane's robustness and where Harry Kane's come from as well. He dropped down into the lower leagues and learnt his trade on loan.''' ,'''Managers can sometimes hold players back for their own benefit.''' ,'''Obviously we've got a lot of science behind football these days and we've got a lot of people that can advise us on how best to look after our bodies.''' ,'''For a striker, the goals never move. Whatever division you're playing in.''' ,'''I'd rather walk off the park with two goals instead of one.''' ,'''Scoring a goal is the best thing in the world because it's the only thing you can't control or predict.''' ,'''To play week in, week out is all I care about.''' ,'''Players at the top level are generally more athletic, stronger and more thoughtful. They have a quicker turn of pace but more than anything they're clinical and decisive in their actions.''' ,'''I'm an out-and-out striker. It's my job to hold the ball up, to get in the box and to score goals. And, yes, I keep count.''' ,'''Winning and scoring at places like Chelsea is what you grow up dreaming of, so doing so with Bournemouth was a moment to cherish.''' ,'''It was good I left Brighton on a high, like I left Palace on a high but whether Carlisle to Rochdale or Brighton to Palace, as soon as I left that chapter was closed.''' ,'''I'm never going to be one of these players who dribbles past three and bends it into the top corner from 25 yards. That's not me.''' ,'''Teams full of talent and top-flight experience know when to engage a tackle at crucial times, when to compete in an aerial duel or seize on a chance - often resulting in the net rippling.''' ,]
+++