+++
author = "Ram Charan"
title = "Ram Charan Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Ram Charan Quotes"
keywords = "ram charan,ram charan quotes,ram charan quote,ram charan sayings,ram charan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The sky takes on shades of orange during sunrise and sunset, the colour that gives you hope that the sun will set only to rise again.''' ,'''I used to rarely go on film sets, as I felt it was very boring to see the same shot being done so many times. I felt I had nothing to do. I used to irritate the cameramen.''' ,'''My dad is always there for me, and no matter how busy, he always makes it a point to answer my calls. I think he knows what is best for me better than me and is very involved in planning my career. Feel blessed to have a dad like him.''' ,''''Magadheera' is a lovely film which can't be recreated.''' ,'''I have carried the burden of my dad's image since day one. They never see me as just another guy trying to make his career in the film industry. I am always 'Megastar' Chiranjeevi's son first, and Ram Charan only later.''' ,''''Dhruva' is not a first person narrative of Siddharth Abhimanyu.''' ,'''Nobody does remakes for the sake of it. As for me, I have not hard and fast rules with respect to remakes.''' ,'''I am a reserved guy and need somebody to pep me up every day, Upsi does that job perfectly. She is very vivacious and outspoken, so we blend very well. We both love travelling, and we have a thing for adventure. We love being outdoors and like to ride our own boat rather than being rowed by someone else.''' ,'''I was born in that family. So I don't know the difference between born as an actor's son and not being an actor's son. I never knew whether it was good or bad.''' ,'''I am just an artiste, and I like to explore new avenues.''' ,'''We have to understand that content is king now. And it doesn't matter what the source of the content and where it's coming from, as long as it is workable.''' ,'''Every father and son have conflicts.''' ,'''After watching me in a larger-than-life character in 'Magadheera,' the audiences didn't accept me as a college-going boy in 'Orange.'''' ,'''I had never danced all my life until I shot for my first song in 'Chirutha.'''' ,'''Life is one big love story with hundreds of little love stories within it.''' ,'''Better a decent remake than a bad original, don't you think?''' ,'''I've tried to go out of my comfort zone to experiment with comedy onscreen.''' ,'''I like to space out my work.''' ,'''You didn't find comedy in 'Magadheera.' Any film high on emotions doesn't need such elements.''' ,'''I may be a star in the South, but when I go to Bollywood, I am a clean slate, a white paper. Whatever the director makes of me is what I will become for the audience.''' ,'''I always wanted to do a light-hearted entertainer, and 'Bruce Lee' is such a film. The brother-sister sentiment and the relationship between father and son will be very good. The comedy will be hilarious, but it is not a forced comedy.''' ,'''The cop in 'Dhruva' had to be much more agile, far more fit and alert than any role I had played so far. I built the body that the role required. If it's been appreciated, I am glad.''' ,'''Accept it or not, every star, actor, and director wants to work on larger-than-life films.''' ,'''In the south, whether it is a small film or a big film, everybody sees it. So, there is always something for everybody to come, see, and enjoy.''' ,'''I'm compared to my dad all the time, and I've learned to take it positively by working hard.''' ,'''I style my roles mostly with some help from my team of stylists.''' ,'''Upsi is definitely the more romantic of the two. I am more laid back. We do have our differences of opinion sometimes. Upsi is always the first one to break the ice after an argument or a difference of opinion. That's what I love most about her.''' ,'''One of the recent love stories I enjoyed was Bhaskar's 'Bommarillu.'''' ,'''It is no longer important for me to be seen in every frame.''' ,'''I think God gives you all good things at the same time.''' ,'''We all know that one can never recreate the magic of an original film.''' ,'''I don't run after successful directors. I give importance to the content of the film.''' ,'''Since I played a warrior in 'Magadheera,' my character sported shoulder-length hair and a thick beard.''' ,'''I am not that big a method actor.''' ,'''It is everybody's wish to work with Mani Ratnam.''' ,'''Some films shouldn't be remade.''' ,'''I don't know how to say no, and that's a weakness.''' ,'''With 'Rachaa' I get back to action. It has very edgy action.''' ,'''I'll be starting two new production houses - Konidela Productions and White Horse Entertainments.''' ,'''I like doing my own stunts.''' ,'''I have worked with top directors like Rajamouli and Vinayak and with upcoming directors like Vamsi.''' ,'''I know my fans want me on the screen. But I think hero-worship should not be allowed to corrupt the plot and narrative of a film.''' ,'''I am so lazy and sometimes will go as late as 9 A.M. to shoot.''' ,'''My marks were always bad, and I was a bad influence on other children, so they would explain to my mother that they could retain me only by being partial towards me, and so I should offer to leave the school myself. I would barely get 40-50% and was also extremely naughty.''' ,'''My dad always made sense. My dad was only wrong when I didn't understand him. Had I listened to him, my life would have been so much easier.''' ,'''I am a Bruce Lee fan. I may be my fans' hero, but even heroes have their heroes. And mine is Bruce Lee.''' ,'''What better way to foray into production than with 'Khaidi No 150.' The film is truly close to my heart because it is my father's 150th film.''' ,'''I have to give importance to my personal life, my family, parents, and sisters. I hope I can strike the right balance.''' ,'''Nobody can be like Mr. Bachchan.''' ,'''The moment we finished shooting for 'Bruce Lee,' my wife Upasana reminded of a pending holiday.''' ,'''I can speak a little bit of Hindi but understand every word.''' ,'''I was brought up as a normal kid.''' ,'''I want audiences to see me in different avatars.''' ,'''I would love to work with Raju Hirani. I never thought I would have a wish-list of directors as such, but after seeing the consistency of his storylines and the human touch he gets in his film, I would love to work with him.''' ,'''Not once did I feel pressurised that I was stepping into Mr. Bachchan's shoes. I don't say I didn't feel the pressure of starring in a remake of 'Zanjeer,' but somewhere, that worked to my advantage.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I am not my dad and have my own journey to make.''' ,'''Whether I do an original film, a dance, or a remake of my dad's hit songs, I have always been compared to him.''' ,'''I am open to them. If I come across something interesting, and I think it suits me, I may do a horror movie.''' ,'''I request the audience to not mix cinema with politics.''' ,'''It was a deliberate decision to act in family entertainers like 'Govindudu Andari Vadele' and 'Bruce Lee.'''' ,'''Love stories thrive on hope.''' ,'''Young audience, in the age group of 16-33 years, constitutes the main viewership of Bollywood films.''' ,'''Had 'Dhruva' not succeeded, I don't mind calling these films experimental.''' ,'''I told my parents that I will marry any girl they choose for me. They also told me that they are open to considering any girl I choose. We were very open about it throughout.''' ,'''He was a very strict father, which in a way has helped me to become who I am today. He never pampered me, as he wanted me to live a normal life. No film magazines were allowed at home, and we weren't allowed to watch any movies.''' ,'''It has been a great working experience with Sreenu Vaitla.''' ,'''When a producer like Prasad, who knows people's pulse, is ready to try something new, why not me?''' ,'''When I decided to work with Krishna Vamsi, people around me were apprehensive about my decision. They warned me that I shouldn't work with an unsuccessful director.''' ,'''Initially, it would bother me when filmmakers, script writers, dialogue writers and choreographers tried to recreate a bit of my dad though me.''' ,''''3 Idiots' was remade in various languages down south, but it wasn't successful anywhere because the magic was created by Aamir Khan and Rajkumar Hirani.''' ,'''I studied in eight schools and did not get to be in a school for more than two years, as I was always requested to get out, even though I was not thrown out ever.''' ,'''I don't think 'Magadheera' should be remade, nor do I think it will be remade. It is very difficult to recreate the same magic.''' ,'''The principal did not like the fact that the teachers would take my side. I always left an impression when I left the school - not for who I was but for what I did there.''' ,'''With a focus on records and making money, you tend to miss a good story.''' ,'''I don't like family stories forcefully mixed with commercial elements.''' ,'''I definitely want to work in Hindi films.''' ,'''Hindi films offer a wider reach. As an industry, it has the capability to merge varied states, languages, and nationalities.''' ,'''My dad was more tensed than I was a day before the release. Having learned that 'Bruce Lee' has released to the highest openings in my career, he has settled down.''' ,'''I am honoured to have been chosen for an Amitabh Bachchan film.''' ,'''My family never had a business background. We are artistes.''' ,'''I was pampered by all my father's directors and producers during childhood. But at home, my father made sure I led a normal life.''' ,'''Drama starts where logic ends.''' ,'''I don't think I can play Mr. Bachchan.''' ,'''I feel a man, when married, becomes more balanced. All the extra-curricular activities are done away with. The focus is on work and family.''' ,'''I love shopping, but I can't go out. I love going to restaurants and eating out with friends.''' ,'''Several southern actors are coming to Mumbai. Likewise, many Bollywood actors are appearing down South or borrowing ideas from southern films.''' ,''''Bruce Lee' is the fastest film in my career. But the quality is also very high. The last song was shot continuously for 24 hours. We worked like robots for that song, but the quality is outstanding.''' ,'''My father is a big fan of Amitabh Bachchan and always wanted to work or star in a remake of any of his film. But he didn't get the opportunity.''' ,'''The success of 'Dhruva' has given me more satisfaction than any of my previous hits, simply because the audience accepted the film even though it was experimental. I really hope this kind of acceptance makes experimental cinema the new mainstream cinema.''' ,'''My mom was a housewife and a sponge, who would absorb everything and make it all look like a fairytale when he entered the house. For instance, when he came home, I would always be seen studying with my books open. She always made sure that Dad went back to the shoot happily.''' ,'''For about 175,000 people, Chiranjeevi Blood Bank has supplied blood for free in times of emergency. This is because of the service-oriented attitude of Mega fans.''' ,'''The audiences love to see me fight on screen.''' ,'''I wanted to get a cropped hairdo, but Sreenu Vaitla loves my look in 'Chiruta,' so he suggested that I keep the long hair.''' ,''''Dhruva' will have them glued to their seats throughout, and I'm sure of that.''' ,'''In terms of script, Bollywood should learn from South Indian scripts. Not talking about the fights and action, I am talking about the drama bit.''' ,'''Til I was 10 years, I didn't know I had only two siblings. I always thought I had 10 and that they were all my family.''' ,'''I feel that whoever isn't feeling settled in their career won't think about their marriage.''' ,'''I won't do a role which children in my family cannot look up to.''' ,'''Krishna Vamsi is a very good director.''' ,]
+++