+++
author = "Ryan Bader"
title = "Ryan Bader Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Ryan Bader Quotes"
keywords = "ryan bader,ryan bader quotes,ryan bader quote,ryan bader sayings,ryan bader saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think 205 is the place for me. I walk around at 225, 230 at the most, and that's kind of small for a heavyweight. I think 205 is where I'll be.''' ,'''To be a two-division champion, it's surreal, man.''' ,'''You think you've got to go out and knock someone out for it to be an impressive win. But it's kind of hard to even know what an impressive win means.''' ,'''I'm used to playing the underdog role and the favorite.''' ,'''I've got to work on my defense and my movement.''' ,'''I'm in the gym - that's my full-time job. I leave it all in there. When I walk out of that gym I am now the husband, the friend and the father.''' ,'''I'm in this sport to win a championship.''' ,'''You have to put your body through hell through training camp, and you've got to be able to take that.''' ,'''There was a time in the UFC, after the Anthony Johnson fight, where I said, 'You know what? I'm gonna quit making a big deal of these fights. I'm gonna have fun and make it exciting and enjoy the process.'''' ,'''I've been through enough competition in amateur wrestling my whole life to know that sometimes you have off nights and you don't perform and chalk it up to that and move on.''' ,'''I want to fight Cormier, that's been a fight I've been trying to get forever. I can go in there and take him down. I can threaten him in ways he hasn't been threatened. I don't think he's fought a wrestler like me.''' ,'''I was very new to the sport when I entered 'The Ultimate Fighter' and basically got by on my athletic ability and my wrestling. I've since added a lot more tools to my game and continue to develop as a mixed martial artist.''' ,'''I'm working on my boxing. I hope people see that.''' ,'''We've always taken every single fight that was offered.''' ,'''I'm not taking anything away from DC. He carries himself well, is a champion, a stud athlete, an unbelievable fighter and it'd be one hell of a fight. But I wouldn't be in this sport or the position I'm in today if I didn't believe I can beat him.''' ,'''When I heard about the great work that the NSW Family Foundation is doing to support the families of Navy Seals, I knew I wanted to support that.''' ,'''I'm not in the UFC to be mediocre.''' ,'''I came from Arizona State, where I wrestled. I have a family. I'm married.''' ,'''I haven't had to deal with many negative things in my career. Now, I see, 'You suck. You lost to Tito.'''' ,'''Some people say I miss a lot of shots, but I'm not missing them, that's how I set them up. I'm not in danger if I don't get a takedown.''' ,'''When have I ever bad-mouthed any of my opponents? I never have. That's not my style.''' ,'''I'm not one of those guys talking smack, because we've seen it catches up to you at some point.''' ,'''I need that name in Rashad Evans, a name that UFC and the fans respect. They know his skill set. They know what he can do. You go out there and beat a guy like that, you've proved yourself to the UFC and to the fans.''' ,'''I'm more of a grinder, just get out there and get the job done.''' ,'''Coming over to Bellator, it was a great decision. I came over and had the opportunity to fight for the light heavyweight title right away at Madison Square Garden.''' ,'''I felt like I deserved a title shot a few times in the UFC and was kind of passed over.''' ,'''We get stereotyped as MMA fighters as being barbarian and trying to hurt people. A lot of us are college-educated, like myself.''' ,'''We came up in that - keep your mouth shut, let your hard work do the talking, and I came into MMA like that.''' ,'''I came into this game a wrestler and that was pretty much it. I was tough, I could take a guy down and beat him up. I threw a good overhand right.''' ,'''Losing sucks.''' ,'''The lowest I've ever made - and this was on the prelims - was 35 grand on a fight. I've made upwards of 80 grand on a fight on sponsors.''' ,'''I want to be the best.''' ,'''I remember standing across from Rampage Jackson when I was younger - I watched him when I was coming up - and then I was fighting him in Japan.''' ,'''My right hand is pretty powerful.''' ,'''I can only work with the opportunity that is given to me.''' ,'''I won 'The Ultimate Fighter.'''' ,'''It doesn't matter who stands in front of me, I've got to find a way to go out there and win.''' ,'''I definitely followed him. Coming up, if you wanted to see some fights on YouTube, you pulled up Fedor. His tenacity, aggression and ability to get out of bad positions and bad situations - he used to be in those freak-show fights against guys who were 7 feet - he'd figure it out and get it done.''' ,'''I learned boxing and jiu-jitsu from the ground up.''' ,'''Ring rust doesn't affect me too much.''' ,'''You can call Roy Nelson a wrestler, but he's never fought a dynamic, explosive wrestler.''' ,'''I don't think I need to pick a weight class. I feel like I'm that perfect in between. I have the strength, I have the power to fight at heavyweight and I can drop down to 205.''' ,'''I think it's one of the more underrated careers out there. A lot of times it wasn't the flashiest stuff, but I've gone out there, I've had great streaks, I won the light heavyweight belt.''' ,'''The men and women in the United States Military allow me to live my dream, and I want to continue to do everything I can to thank them.''' ,'''I can control my performance and how I fight.''' ,'''I had a great contract coming out of the UFC into Bellator, but it was that second contract that made me really, really happy.''' ,'''There will always be something down there that says, 'All right, you won the Bellator title but you never won the UFC title.' I've thought about that. I've never had the opportunity, and yes, a lot of it is my fault... but I never got that opportunity.''' ,'''You're never guaranteed anything.''' ,'''I think I am underappreciated a little bit, but at the end of the day, it doesn't matter because myself, my family, my coaches, my friends, the people around me know how good I am.''' ,'''If I had the opportunity to fight any fighter, if you'd asked me when I started fighting, it would be Fedor. That aura and mystique about him.''' ,'''I get wanting to fight in the UFC. I got my start there. I fought 20 times there.''' ,'''Winning is everything to us, but at the same time you've gotta have exciting fights and keep pushing it in that way.''' ,'''Years and years ago, Jon Jones was untouchable. You couldn't win a round against him.''' ,'''I treat it just like a workday. When I'm training, I'm training. When I'm not, I'm not. And when I'm not in fight prep, we have fun weekends.''' ,'''If there's anything I take from Lil' Nog it's respect.''' ,'''When I get into the Octagon I look at it as another sparring session kind of.''' ,'''I have nerves before every fight - it doesn't matter who I'm fighting - and every fight is your biggest fight, so I've always got to check myself.''' ,'''I got to a point I was so focused on getting a title shot all the thought in my head was to go out there and win at all costs, so maybe it made me fight a certain way, maybe take a lot of risks and stuff like that.''' ,'''I love proving people wrong and proving myself right and my coaches.''' ,'''My mindset has changed. When I was fighting guys like Glover I was second-guessing myself. Am I the best in the world? Do I deserve to be up here. Now I know it.''' ,'''In college wrestling we had to make weight every weekend, so it's not bad at all. I get it off easily.''' ,'''I like proving people wrong.''' ,'''My wrestling actually helps my striking and my striking helps my wrestling. I just learned how to put it all together through synergy.''' ,'''I'm really into circuit training. You don't have to do each station for very long. Implementing some free weights, maybe a treadmill if you're at a gym, you can put together your own little circuit. Go hard for five minutes, take a minute break. Maybe do a one minute hard run on the treadmill, right into some pull ups.''' ,'''I do believe I'm the best in the world.''' ,'''Seeing friends become successful, you go, 'I can do that, too.' I ran with it fresh out of college. MMA was the next step.''' ,'''I've been the underdog a lot in the UFC and I love playing that role.''' ,'''When I'm a little lighter, I feel faster and I feel better. I thought I needed to be big, but I learned that I'm better off being quicker and more agile, because I still have strength.''' ,'''One thing I learned in my career is to be patient.''' ,'''I believe I can beat everybody at every division, I truly do.''' ,'''I've fought on 'The Ultimate Fighter' in front of 30-40 people, and I kinda like that. There's no distractions.''' ,'''It took me at least 10 fights to feel comfortable. I didn't know what I didn't know.''' ,'''Look, I love the UFC and I love fighting in the UFC. Gotta make sense, though.''' ,'''I believe I'm one fight away at all times from getting a title shot and being up there.''' ,'''After I started training with some of the best in the world and fighting in the UFC, I started really wanting fights with guys I used to idolize and watch on TV. Guys like Tito Ortiz and Randy Couture.''' ,'''Machida always has his elusiveness and whatnot and Shogun has the tools to beat him.''' ,'''In my past, I've always had the physical abilities. They were always there, but sometimes the mental side of it - I was younger coming in as a wrestler, didn't know what the hell I was doing on my feet.''' ,'''It really wasn't until halfway through my career that I learned had to jab and to box and to kickbox.''' ,'''I want to have a belt somewhere.''' ,'''My long-term goal is to become the UFC champion and to hold that 205-pound title. If you're not really in it to do that, why even bother with a sport like this?''' ,'''The wrestling community is a tight community, I love you all.''' ,'''I grew up in a bracket sport, in wrestling. You win, that does the talking, you move on.''' ,'''Yea, I really don't lift much during training camp, I just focus on strength and conditioning, but in the time off, that's where I'll really hit the squats and the dead lifts. That's when I tend to put on some weight, get to about 230lbs.''' ,'''I believe coming up to heavyweight, I can shine. That's where I feel the best in terms of being agile, speed, cardio, all that kind of stuff plus I have the power.''' ,'''I was pretty one-dimensional, a wrestler.''' ,'''I don't put Jardine on a pedestal or worry about any kind of step-up. He's just another fighter standing in the way of me achieving my goal.''' ,'''Jon Jones is a dynamic fighter, he's very exciting, he's been going out there and beating people convincingly.''' ,'''For me, I feel like every time I go out there, I have to prove something, because whether it's fans or the fighters I'm going to fight potentially or am scheduled to fight, there's always an excuse of why I won.''' ,'''It took me a while to believe I could be a champion.''' ,'''It's not like I'm fighting bums out here, I'm fighting the best competition out there, and I'd been a perennial top five guy in the UFC before I left.''' ,'''Lil' Nog had some trouble with Jason Brilz primarily because he put a scramble into every position he had. Nogueira would be going for a half guard sweep and Brilz would use his wrestling to create a better position. Nogueira is a very well rounded fighter, but I think the main thing he lacks is a good wrestling base.''' ,'''I know Stipe, I trained with him a little bit. He's a good guy but I feel I match up with him well.''' ,'''We step up and fight the top names that nobody wants to fight. So if I hear people saying, 'oh, you're ducking this or ducking that,' no I haven't ducked anybody.''' ,'''I've learned from my time in this sport that you only worry about the things you can control.''' ,'''Definitely, you don't want a bunch of hooligans representing the sport.''' ,'''Some fighters don't like to travel when they fight but I fought in Australia and I loved it.''' ,'''I think ultimately the fans want to see knockouts.''' ,'''My whole style of wrestling is I like to use the truck double. It's basically a tackle for MMA.''' ,'''I don't like to take any time off because I think with all my time I should be trying to get better.''' ,'''I've fallen short in my career, in MMA, but it is what it is. You're going to do that. I just wanted opportunities.''' ,]
+++