+++
author = "Maurizio Gucci"
title = "Maurizio Gucci Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Maurizio Gucci Quotes"
keywords = "maurizio gucci,maurizio gucci quotes,maurizio gucci quote,maurizio gucci sayings,maurizio gucci saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was the only one to work seven years with my uncle, who is quite a difficult guy. With him, it's not living, it's surviving. If he does 100 percent, you have to do 150 percent, to show you can do as well as he does.''' ,'''Tradition and culture go together.''' ,'''Once upon a time the 'GG' was a status symbol. It was the reason people were buying.''' ,'''You can re-interpret the past. Tradition can always be updated. But it is wrong to say 'throw it out.'''' ,'''I would like to pass unknown in the company. I would like people to ask, 'What did Maurizio Gucci do?' And answer, 'Nothing. Gucci was always like that.'''' ,'''The ones who give quality will be successful.''' ,'''Fashion comes out of the world in which you live, your needs, hopes and fantasies.''' ,'''My father always kept me in a very different world, a very simple world.''' ,'''I know what I'm talking about, so that when I say 'do something' I have the respect of the people doing it.''' ,'''My father was quiet and more artistic.''' ,'''The number of items and stores has fallen, but Gucci has regained the up-market image that was in danger of being lost.''' ,'''In the '80s everything was accepted and there was a kind of euphoria. The '90s will be the balance-sheet decade, and only those who give the consumer what they promise will survive.''' ,'''Gucci is not a fashion or a design house, it was always a trademark.''' ,'''From my father, I got more of the artistic, the human, the sweet part. From my uncle I really learned the business and the market. It's a good combination, no?''' ,'''We don't want our customer to be advertising our name: we believe that the customer today is aware and wants to choose. Our signature is just a guarantee.''' ,'''The story of Gucci is that there were too many cooks in the kitchen.''' ,'''Aldo was the big strength, the big power. He would always scream at us because we took a holiday and he never would. He was a tornado.''' ,]
+++