+++
author = "Raul Julia"
title = "Raul Julia Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Raul Julia Quotes"
keywords = "raul julia,raul julia quotes,raul julia quote,raul julia sayings,raul julia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It was a very profound experience, getting in touch with that part of us, in all of us human beings, that is committed beyond yourself to the point of giving everything you have, including your life, for other people, for your fellow man.''' ,'''You have to have the right atmosphere, really be in the right mood to really fully enjoy a Cohiba.''' ,'''Instead of acting in court, I decided to act onstage.''' ,'''There are 38,000 people dying of hunger each day and most are children. And, being a celebrity, I communicate about it as much as I can.''' ,'''A cigar is as good as memories that you have when you smoked it.''' ,'''Maybe it's like becoming one with the cigar. You lose yourself in it; everything fades away: your worries, your problems, your thoughts. They fade into the smoke, and the cigar and you are at peace.''' ,'''Why pay $100 on a therapy session when you can spend $25 on a cigar? Whatever it is will come back; so what, smoke another one.''' ,'''We tend to think of meditation in only one way. But life itself is a meditation.''' ,'''I have a very deep care for Latin America, and, of course, for what was going on in El Salvador.''' ,'''I knew there was something special about the theater for me something beyond the regular reality, something that I could get into and transcend and become something other than myself.''' ,'''I remember I was like five or six years old; I played the devil. That was my first role.''' ,'''Thank God for the theater.''' ,'''Sometimes we used to eat once a day... chicken backs. You could buy four chicken backs for a quarter.''' ,'''Just the fact that I've lived more, and I'm not concerned about when I am going to get my next job anymore. This business is free-lance and it's not a steady job. Younger, I would have been more preoccupied with myself.''' ,'''I even smoke in bed. Imagine smoking a cigar in bed, reading a book. Next to your bed, there's a cigar table with a special cigar ashtray, and your wife is reading a book on how to save the environment.''' ,]
+++