+++
author = "Willian"
title = "Willian Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Willian Quotes"
keywords = "willian,willian quotes,willian quote,willian sayings,willian saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't know, sometimes the manager doesn't like you.''' ,'''We learn so much from difficulties.''' ,'''The beginning of the World Cup is always a bit tough.''' ,'''Ronaldinho and David Beckham, they took free kicks and took them very well, so there are some players I always try to follow and to learn important things from so that I am able to score goals.''' ,'''We always enter competitions to win but things don't always happen the way we want.''' ,'''I believe that everything starts from scratch when changing a coach.''' ,'''Training is always important.''' ,'''It's going to be an immense pleasure to work with Jose Mourinho, listen to him and learn from him.''' ,'''Both sides of the game, defensively and offensively, are important.''' ,'''Loyalty and honesty, those are important.''' ,'''Mourinho is a fantastic coach and won everything wherever he went.''' ,'''You want to be prepared for when you have to stop playing.''' ,'''I am very proud to stay and be a Chelsea player. It is an honour to play at this club.''' ,'''I've been a Corinthians fan since I was little, even before I played there, my family also supports the club.''' ,'''It is difficult to stay motivated when you cannot win a title anymore.''' ,'''My goal is to continue in Europe, but never rule out a return to Brazil.''' ,'''I'm very happy here at Chelsea.''' ,'''Teams from Ukraine and Russia are getting better all the time.''' ,'''It was totally different. I am living in Sao Paulo and then I'm in Ukraine living in a small city called Donetsk. There's the weather, the language. I went there with my family. That helped a little bit and I ended up staying there for five-and-a-half years. It was important there that I had so many Brazilian players.''' ,'''I always liked watching Ronaldo and Ronaldinho; they were the players who I dreamt about meeting. They inspired me a lot in my own style of play.''' ,'''Messi, Neymar or Ronaldo? The three of them are exceptional, they have a lot of quality and they have their differences.''' ,'''Chelsea are known as one of the biggest and most successful clubs around.''' ,'''Of course when you talk about Corinthians, the club that launched me, I have a great affection. But honestly, I don't think about returning to Brazil.''' ,'''I've earned quite a lot of money in Donetsk.''' ,'''It is totally different to play in the Premier League to the Champions League.''' ,'''Every professional has their way of working.''' ,'''Mourinho is a coach who likes more the ball practice, works the ball possession and makes short games.''' ,'''It was my dream to have an opportunity to play in a big league like the English league.''' ,'''Every time I join the Selecao I try to maintain my good form and prove why I was called up.''' ,'''For me the Premier League is the best league in the world. And London is a great city. My family love to live here.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I dreamed of wearing the Selecao shirt in a World Cup.''' ,'''I was 15 when I won the World Cup Guarana Antarctica in 2004. It was a very special moment.''' ,'''When you win, you win together and when you lose, you lose together too.''' ,'''I think Chelsea is Chelsea. No matter the players we have, we have to fight until the end in every competition.''' ,'''All us players can do is to win as many titles as possible.''' ,'''It's difficult when you start to play football. My boots were much worse.''' ,'''Of course I want to play every game, but only 11 can start.''' ,'''Even when I become a regular, I don't feel comfortable and try to always improve more.''' ,'''I think every player thinks in a different way.''' ,'''There are times when you look at your life and realise how lucky you've been.''' ,'''When Chelsea go into a competition we go to win.''' ,'''I wouldn't have any fears about coming to England because I have played against English sides in the Champions League and studied the English game.''' ,'''I always want to feel happy, whether I am with my friends and family or out on the football field for Chelsea.''' ,'''Mourinho is the best manager I've ever worked with.''' ,'''I always try to play happily.''' ,'''The World Cup is the ultimate moment for any player. It is the opportunity to defend your country in the biggest tournament in the world and the moment the whole world will watch you play.''' ,'''Ronaldinho is the biggest idol in football for me. I like him a lot.''' ,'''It doesn't matter where we play. It doesn't matter whether the season has finished or not. We have to play the same way, stay focused all of the time and go there to win.''' ,'''Chelsea always want to win trophies.''' ,'''With Shakhtar I also won a set of titles not only in Ukraine but in Europe also. I felt comfortable there.''' ,'''I like the Premier League.''' ,'''Always I say that I want to stay at Chelsea as long as possible, and I am happy to stay here.''' ,'''I kept an eye on Chelsea's fortunes after they first tried to sign me.''' ,'''There are some players I always watched, various players who I knew hit the ball well.''' ,'''A lot of people they say a lot of things in the press, but I never said that I want to leave Chelsea, never.''' ,'''My parents gave everything. They sacrificed, they went to work. Sometimes they worked 24 hours, so they called friends to help us. They did everything for me to become a football player.''' ,'''To play for Chelsea, you have to put your mind to winning titles every year.''' ,'''Growing up was very difficult.''' ,'''I've always been following Chelsea and every time I came to London I would try to see a Chelsea game and see how the team was doing because it's been my dream to come to play here.''' ,'''Of course, Eden is a fantastic player, one of the best players in the world. He's my friend, one of the best players I've played with in my whole career.''' ,'''I knew Chelsea had made some offers while I was at Shakhtar so when I eventually arrived here, after a short spell with Anzhi Makhachkala, it was amazing. Having David Luiz, Oscar and Ramires here when I joined was very important for me because they helped me a lot with the language and inside the club, so it was very helpful.''' ,'''I worked with Mourinho and I became his friend as well. He likes me a lot and I like him a lot as a coach and as a person. He has put his trust in me and in my work, and I was very grateful to him.''' ,'''There is no doubt English football is very big, with huge visibility.''' ,'''Diego Costa is the one who plays around a lot, who jokes a lot in the dressing room. It's just his way, joking around with all of us, every hour of every day.''' ,'''Of course, Cristiano Ronaldo and Messi make a lot of goals, but what Ronaldinho used to do was unbelievable. He used to be amazing on the field, and also scored a lot of goals.''' ,'''To win the Premier League is not easy.''' ,'''I like to smile a lot and I always try to be happy, joking around and stuff.''' ,'''I'm happy with the confidence that Tite has shown me. He and his coaching staff have been doing a great job. My relationship with him is the best I can hope for and I always say that he cares about all the players equally, giving the same level of attention to first-team players and reserves.''' ,'''A player's career can be quick, so when such an opportunity comes you think about your family.''' ,'''Always when I play I want to play well and make a difference.''' ,'''My goal is to stay here at Chelsea. Unless Chelsea does not want me anymore - then I'd have to find another club!''' ,'''I always try to do my job as well as I can on the pitch and thankfully it has been working.''' ,'''I've played for a great club in Corinthians and been successful. I moved to Shakhtar and that turned into a great move too.''' ,'''My dad was working in the street and my mum was working every day as a cleaner. My life was like that.''' ,'''I know one thing - Neymar is a star.''' ,'''There are a lot of players that I wanted to play with, but I always wanted to play with Ronaldinho. He's been always my idol, I am a fan of his.''' ,'''I really like living in London. It is a charming city, where everything happens and there is lots to do. There is a very good quality of life here.''' ,'''I need to always improve and that is why I work hard to try and keep my place in the squad.''' ,'''After Brazil, London is my favourite city. I love to live here.''' ,'''If you are a team that wants to win something, you have to play for 90 minutes with concentration and focus.''' ,'''I have always liked playing with number ten. Since I was a kid playing indoors football, I have always used the number ten. At Corinthians I was also number ten.''' ,'''It doesn't matter what the game is or against who, it is good to play at home.''' ,'''On the pitch we tend to forget the things that happen off the field. I try to focus a lot on what I'm doing.''' ,'''I started to play at four years old. I went to Corinthians at nine years old. Then, it started to become more serious.''' ,'''If I have to return to Brazil, I'd like to play at Corinthians again. It represents a lot, I was born and raised there, my footballing career began there when I was nine, I've spent my entire childhood there.''' ,'''I guess I'd say my vibe is to be happy at all times.''' ,'''The World Cup is a tournament that practically does not allow errors, especially in the final.''' ,'''I like Chelsea, Milan and Inter. I have always followed the two Italian teams because my role models when I was young were Ronaldinho and Ronaldo, and they played for those teams.''' ,'''My dream is to play with the selecao in the World Cup in Brazil and I will have more chance to realise the dream if I play for a big team.''' ,'''I have to continue to train hard and when I have time to play I have to play well.''' ,'''I think that for a player to develop fully on the pitch he needs to be happy.''' ,'''I don't know how I can explain that moment. But it was the best moment I think in my life when I signed with Chelsea because it was my dream to come here.''' ,'''For me, Conte was a manager very difficult to work with. His philosophy, his way of dealing with things is very complicated. There were a few games... Sometimes we just don't understand. You're playing very well, then you get substituted. I do not understand.''' ,'''You mature, you learn things.''' ,'''Every game we have to seek to play better if we want to achieve results.''' ,'''My first impressions of Mourinho were really positive.''' ,'''It's always good to reach a final and fight for titles.''' ,'''Every coach has his way of working.''' ,'''At Shakhtar I was already established and was comfortable with the way the team played.''' ,'''I really like Neymar too, but I really like Messi.''' ,]
+++