+++
author = "Vince Staples"
title = "Vince Staples Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Vince Staples Quotes"
keywords = "vince staples,vince staples quotes,vince staples quote,vince staples sayings,vince staples saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to have an impact because I don't want anybody to have to go through what I went through.''' ,'''At a very young age, I could look at people and tell that everyone was, in a sense, worthless in their own mind. And you couldn't trust anyone. No one was good.''' ,'''Circumstances dictate your set of values, your set of morals.''' ,'''Every project has to stand on its own. It's a different identity within each project, and I feel like that's the way it should be.''' ,'''Care and pity are two different things.''' ,'''Some people lose sense of what their music was when their life starts to get better.''' ,'''Touring helped me understand where I needed to be better in my music.''' ,'''You're either ghetto or you're not.''' ,'''The happiest people, the ones you like the most, they're never worried about being rich.''' ,'''Basic emotions can be conveyed through anything. As long as you show people that you're human, they'll relate to it.''' ,'''I could care less about the radio or the TV or album sales. I want that connection with people because when I'm able to walk down the street, I want them to feel like I've done something for them and helped their life because I've never felt that way about a musician.''' ,'''What's important to me is people just being people.''' ,'''Separation is very important to me. I don't strive to be a celebrity. My music has nothing to do with me at the end of the day. Once it's made and it's purchased, it belongs to whoever.''' ,'''You have to captivate and entertain if you want your message to get across.''' ,'''The place where you're from defines who you are. You put yourself in the wrong situation, the wrong things happen.''' ,'''My cares come from a very selfish place 'cause in reality I'm young, and I haven't had the experience to be mature yet.''' ,'''Some people make their best music when life is horrible.''' ,'''The best song is what resonates with that one person the most. It's why, if you ask a million people on the face of the Earth, they're all gonna have different favorite songs, their own best song ever, because that's the one that touched them the most.''' ,'''When I was growing up, skateboarding was big and basketball was big.''' ,]
+++