+++
author = "Lauren Worsham"
title = "Lauren Worsham Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Lauren Worsham Quotes"
keywords = "lauren worsham,lauren worsham quotes,lauren worsham quote,lauren worsham sayings,lauren worsham saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My brother sings. My brother is a singer-songwriter. His name is Parker Ainsworth. He changed his last name to his middle name.''' ,'''Growing up, the dream was to be on Broadway. I always loved theater.''' ,'''I was actually tone deaf until I had tumors in my ears - I had very small ear canals - removed. Once they fixed that, I was actually able to sing in a pleasant manner.''' ,'''Austin is a big music town, so growing up, I had a lot of local heroes. Toni Price I was very, very into; she was one of the first people I tried to emulate. She's a local Austin blues artist. Marsha Paul I was also a very big fan of.''' ,'''It really is like a disease. I just couldn't get away from the theater.''' ,'''I was one of those kids who liked a lot of attention. I was always the kid in class who'd be telling jokes and getting in trouble. Theater was a natural way for me to channel that and also become a productive member of society.''' ,'''I love rock and opera, and I love musical theater, and I don't want to lose any of that.''' ,'''After 'Spelling Bee,' I started landing more jobs... I got 'Candide' at New York City Opera.''' ,'''I played Jonathan Livingston Seagull in a musical version of 'Jonathan Livingston Seagull' in Austin, TX. It was pretty special.''' ,'''Really, the impetus driving me is I've always sung, but I like to act, I like drama, I like text, which is why opera is something I've come late to, I'd say.''' ,'''I only worked theater jobs, but they were all really silly when I first graduated. I was a line monitor at 'Spamalot,' which means I got there at 8 A.M. and told people how much the tickets were for standing room. I was an NYU Medical School fake patient, to teach doctors how to talk to patients.''' ,]
+++