+++
author = "Hope Sandoval"
title = "Hope Sandoval Quotes"
quotes_len = "57"
description = "the best 57 Hope Sandoval Quotes"
keywords = "hope sandoval,hope sandoval quotes,hope sandoval quote,hope sandoval sayings,hope sandoval saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been writing about the same woman for years.''' ,'''I'm lucky, I'm very, very lucky. I work with some of the most amazing artists.''' ,'''I suppose we do live a pretty isolated life.''' ,'''My sister loved country music. My mother loved Spanish music. And my dad was into big band music and jazz.''' ,'''I think Liv Tyler's a nice-looking girl. Seems sweet.''' ,'''I've always loved music. I grew up with older brothers and sisters who were into music, played The Beatles and the Rolling Stones and Aretha Franklin.''' ,'''Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers were really great. I saw them live in the '90s; they were really, really good. The music is great, and the musicians are amazing.''' ,'''I don't even like to sing in front of my own band members so it's easier for me if they send me the music and I record my vocals in my own studio.''' ,'''I was born there and I grew up in East L.A., not Hollywood.''' ,'''It's a really strange thing to be doing, to go on stage and all of a sudden have bright lights and spotlights.''' ,'''The larger the band gets, the more people from the label get involved.''' ,'''Music soothes you, especially when you write, sing or play an instrument. It really can be a cure for everything.''' ,'''I had to beg to get out of my contract with Capitol. They wanted me to work with big producers. I wanted to produce my music, and they weren't having that. I'm sure they were happy to let me go. I just didn't want to do what they wanted me to do.''' ,'''I think a lot of our songs are good.''' ,'''It's not so much that I don't enjoy playing live - that's one of the best parts of playing music - it's that it's nerve-racking with 300, 500 people watching.''' ,'''We've always had big gaps between records.''' ,'''We're really lucky because we have a portable studio, which enables us to work wherever we like. There is some extra work involved in setting everything up, but you can find a lot of magic and inspiration in being free to go somewhere completely different.''' ,'''I think there'll always be things that kids get into that they grow out of when they start living real life.''' ,'''I was a massive Rolling Stones fan, and I wanted to play music like... they do... were doing.''' ,'''Generally we just play music when we feel like it.''' ,'''Interviews are difficult.''' ,'''Performing live is difficult. But nobody's forcing us to do it.''' ,'''Exene taught me how to bend my notes when I sing. That's her style. And I learned that from her.''' ,'''I love The Smiths!''' ,'''There's a lot of pressure to chitchat with the audience. But when they're in school, people don't want to get up in front of their classroom when they have to talk about themselves or a project.''' ,'''We're always recording music, writing songs.''' ,'''It's just like anybody else - some people, most people don't wanna go to school. They just don't want to. It's... not fun. I was just somebody who got away with it.''' ,'''I used to just lose my temper and tell the audience to shut up.''' ,'''I love Morrissey!''' ,'''We just allow anybody to listen to our music. All ages are allowed!''' ,'''I have my own studio that I sing in.''' ,'''Festivals are quite difficult to me.''' ,'''I turned so many people on to The Smiths before they got huge.''' ,'''Obviously nobody likes it when you walk offstage, including your band.''' ,'''The biggest problem for people who get really, really nervous when they perform live is that you think everybody's looking at you.''' ,'''With some electronica acts, you see them live, but you're not really sure what they're doing.''' ,'''I think... people are inspired by our music, and that's cool. We all borrow each other's music.''' ,'''When I started out playing live, it was different. I felt good about it. Nobody knew who I was. I just opened for so-and-so. Now, I'm playing to people who are coming out to see the band. There's too much attention on the band and me.''' ,'''I think people don't give young women enough credit, really.''' ,'''I think we all grow up with idols and things like that.''' ,'''Martello towers are great places to work in.''' ,'''I mean, autographs are so funny. I don't think it's good to encourage that sort of thing. Why do people want to have an autograph? What does it do for you?''' ,'''I've always thought that people got the impression that I was a tough sort of ruffian type.''' ,'''The most amazing live shows that I've ever seen were Rain Parade shows.''' ,'''It seemed record companies wanted bands to be creative because they didn't know how to manufacture underground music. We could do our own thing and go at our own pace. But that changed when major labels started wanting bands that would sell 7 million records.''' ,'''My family is still in Los Angeles. We listened to all sorts of music: Mexican music, oldies, soul, disco and rock & roll. I was surrounded by music.''' ,'''I was a big fan of the Rain Parade, Green on Red, X, the Rolling Stones.''' ,'''The best live shows I've ever been to were Green on Red live shows. Amazing live band.''' ,'''I think one of the big mistakes people make is to have fame as one of their main goals. That is the biggest mistake when you're creating art.''' ,'''When I go to a live show, I want to be moved. That's why you do it. And it's not very often that a band will move you live.''' ,'''I enjoy singing with a band playing behind me.''' ,'''I think music is like little films, and it's nice to listen to music and really escape.''' ,'''I spend a lot of time in London and I miss California. Of course, when I'm in California I miss London.''' ,'''I like Beach House a lot.''' ,'''I've always loved playing music and I always will.''' ,'''Personally, I have a hard time playing live. A big part of it is because the lyrics are really private.''' ,'''Usually what I do is I write my vocal melody over guitar parts and then I come up with lyrics.''' ,]
+++