+++
author = "Robert Snodgrass"
title = "Robert Snodgrass Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Robert Snodgrass Quotes"
keywords = "robert snodgrass,robert snodgrass quotes,robert snodgrass quote,robert snodgrass sayings,robert snodgrass saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was a fan like everybody else, even before I got called up for Scotland.''' ,'''I'll keep going. That's one thing about myself - I'll roll my sleeves up and keep going.''' ,'''I need to give a special mention to Declan Rice, I think he's going to go to the top.''' ,'''Playing left midfield a lot at West Ham has been tough but the manager has put me there and I've got every faith in what he's doing.''' ,'''My first Premier League goal against Palace, I caught it on the bounce and reversed it across the 'keeper.''' ,'''On the international scene you travel away, come back, feel sluggish and it's very difficult, so my decision was so that I could save myself for West Ham. I know Scotland fans won't like that, but they needed a young, fit, energetic lad to come in there.''' ,'''The scaffolders and builders from demolition companies nearby used to play each other for 20 quid a man - the tackles were mad. I played for the local estate against them one day and we won, there was a full-scale riot. 'He's a ringer' they were saying. Half of them were drunk so I could get the ball and just run and around them - I was only 12!''' ,'''I firmly believe that the Premier League is the best league in the world, and when Norwich came in for me, I made the step because I believe that Norwich can kick on again.''' ,'''I've got nothing to prove to anyone.''' ,'''A massive thank you also goes to everyone at the SFA for looking after me since I was a young boy, including Frank Reilly, Doc McLean, Jonesy, managers, coaches, staff, the physios, massage therapists, kit men and the media staff I've worked with over the years.''' ,'''I'm not a left midfielder. I hate that position, I don't like it.''' ,'''From a personal point of view, when you're hitting the back of the net at Premier League level people recognize that you're doing something right.''' ,'''Coaches from Celtic actually came to my door but I wasn't interested. I thought I'd get lost in the system. I wasn't ready for it.''' ,'''I've played at the top level for years now and know it's the small percentages that matter. That's what the difference is between you getting to a major tournament or not.''' ,'''Me and my two brothers painted a football pitch and used the net from scaffolding for goals with bits of wood, although they were burnt down in the end.''' ,'''I want to wear my heart on my sleeve and be loyal.''' ,'''You need to be ready, to adapt quickly and learn fast.''' ,'''Your defense, first and foremost, is your base.''' ,'''It's been such a special feeling pulling on that Scotland jersey since I was 16 years old.''' ,'''I'll say to you truthfully - I don't want be away from my three kids, but I'm here because I love playing for Scotland.''' ,'''I've been brought up with a family that is patriotic and loved the Scotland-England games so to see it first hand when we played down there at Wembley and lost 3-2, with goals from set pieces, it was hard to take.''' ,'''Luckily, I have a thing inside me that I wake up and I am happy every day. But boys and girls want to live the dream and are looking at everything you do on a day-to-day basis.''' ,'''I don't want to think about losing, only winning.''' ,'''Football brings changes and different direction in your life. It's about how you adapt to it and move on.''' ,'''When I had other things to deal with in my personal life, people were telling me to come and play for Scotland. So I'd come but then not play. I'd prefer people just to be honest with me and say whether they really want me there or just as a back-up.''' ,'''There are loads of things you can sit and assess but it does come down to one match at a time. This game does speak for itself.''' ,'''I'd love to get into the Premier League with Leeds.''' ,'''You have your heart on your sleeve when you play games, but playing for your country is special, you dream about it as a wee boy.''' ,'''At club level you have a lot of lads getting paid and stuff like that, but you would play for your country just for the love of playing for your country. That's the truth, for me anyway.''' ,'''It's hard to enjoy the acclaim and savor the praise when the team isn't winning.''' ,'''There's been many highs throughout my international career which I'll always remember with fondness, including my debut against Northern Ireland, winning two international player of the year awards, and my hat-trick in Malta.''' ,'''It would be great to play in a Scotland side that defeated England. That could be another box ticked off for me.''' ,'''I'm a realist, I understand football and situations in the game.''' ,'''There's always that element in the back of my head, thinking if it's meant to be I'll play for Celtic one day.''' ,'''One thing the Scottish boys want in the changing room is the bragging rights over the English lads.''' ,'''It's nice to be recognized and rewarded if people in the game think you are making an impact.''' ,'''I don't like being away from my family, I genuinely don't.''' ,'''Football is still the most important thing. It keeps me focused and driven every day and that takes me on to be the best dad, son, and friend.''' ,'''I wish we could get back to those days, just let kids go and play and enjoy themselves on the streets instead of at academies too young.''' ,'''You see a lot of depression among injured sports stars who would rather be reaching their goals or at least doing what they love doing.''' ,'''I find myself lucky enough to be going to Wembley, which is any young kid's dream.''' ,'''Since I've been in England, I feel that lots of people are always asking: 'Can he handle it?'''' ,'''The football was really good at Villa. It was all worthwhile.''' ,'''That's the beauty of the play-offs, it's the fear of losing that drives you forwards.''' ,'''It was always my intention to go with a smaller club. I reckoned I'd get more of a chance.''' ,'''I understand when results don't go well, it gets broken down and people blame whoever. You've got to take the good with bad.''' ,'''Sometimes , with the way you've been brought up, you try to just put your heart on your sleeve and play anywhere.''' ,'''People have questioned my commitment to Scotland but it's actually the opposite. My problem is I can never say no.''' ,'''The first thing I remember was going up to Celtic Park to watch Celtic, feeling the full effect of the stadium. When you see the players on the park for the first time, you get sucked in and it's like a dream.''' ,'''I've got a job to do for the team, trying to create and score goals and work hard.''' ,'''It was only when I went down south that I started to eat, sleep and breathe football.''' ,'''This is what footballers are used to. You're used to playing matches throughout the Christmas period so for us it doesn't feel weird. We're working on Christmas Day and we've always done it.''' ,'''I scored nine goals for Hull and a hat-trick for Scotland in the first half of the season, you don't do that and then become an average player overnight, so I know I can contribute to West Ham.''' ,'''I wanted to be a team player, chipping in and earning my wage. There's no other way for me.''' ,'''West Ham is a massive club and I want to do well. I want to create the same sort of feeling I've had at every other club.''' ,'''To get the best out of any player you need to play him in his best position, it's as simple as that.''' ,'''You need to make sure you have a squad of players who are happy and coming on to do their best for you.''' ,'''I think I probably would have gone into stand-up.''' ,'''I had a very rough upbringing.''' ,'''When you're Scottish you're brought up to play anywhere and it's fine to play for one or two games but you need to play in your right position, especially on the back of scoring nine goals for Hull City.''' ,'''There is a different sort of edge when you come up against England. Even when it's a friendly game you still get that fear in you that if you get beat it won't be good but if you win it will be the best thing going.''' ,'''There are many stages, but the first step is an absolute given - the fans want blood, sweat and tears for the badge. That is no different in any workplace.''' ,'''The physical side of my game - I know I'm hitting the stats I want to hit, but I want more assists and goals.''' ,'''I try not to look too far ahead, I never have.''' ,'''At the start of the season, everyone says you want to go up automatic because the play-offs are intense. But if you go up through the play-offs, it's the best feeling because it's Wembley. But to lose there, I would not like to be on the end of that.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if a footballer is earning £100,000 a week or £1,000 a week the first thing you need to do is work hard for your team.''' ,'''You only get half a chance sometimes against these big boys in the Premier League.''' ,'''I'm not really one for regrets, but one thing I do wish is that I'd gone down south sooner.''' ,'''I know myself that when there is a manager who knows how to get the best out of you then it's different - and that's why I chose Villa. I wanted to work with Steve Bruce again.''' ,'''I enjoyed every second at West Ham with the lads and the staff.''' ,'''I've shown I can perform at Premier League level and that's where I want to be playing for the next few years. That's where I want to stay, it's the big league and I'm driving towards being there for as long as I possibly can.''' ,'''I learned a lot in my last year at Livingston and even more since coming to Leeds, as a player and on the sports science side.''' ,'''My future doesn't lie in the hands of Neil Warnock, it's in the hands of Robert Snodgrass.''' ,'''For me, it was just a case of seeing what stage I could actually get to. For every kid it's the same, you don't know how far you can go until you get a bit older and things start to become a reality.''' ,'''I went away with Scotland because I was trying to get some game-time somewhere but it just wasn't working out with Scotland, the results weren't happening.''' ,'''I trained at Celtic when I was a kid. I used to train at Rangers as well. I wore my Celtic shorts underneath my Rangers shorts when I trained there!''' ,'''I'm just delighted to get on the scoresheet.''' ,'''When I saw there was interest from West Ham I wanted to become a part of what they are building here.''' ,'''I've scored goals, created goals everywhere I've been.''' ,'''I am just a lucky lad from Glasgow with a bonus that I get paid for something I love.''' ,'''As a Scotsman, my accent can sometimes be difficult for people to understand.''' ,'''I relish going to places such as Stamford Bridge.''' ,'''My mum has had heart-attacks, a stroke, and it all coincided with me being called up for Scotland so the timing was not good. Thankfully, she is a great woman.''' ,'''When you have kids you sometimes have to do things you don't want to but every single thing I do is for my family.''' ,'''People are quick to think if you are not playing you are a bad player and it is not that at all.''' ,'''As a player you want to play games, you want to be involved and kick on.''' ,'''I've scored nearly 100 goals in my career and done it with a smile on my face.''' ,'''I think you go through a stage where you're constantly asking questions because you're learning every day, and when it's like that you need to bring results with it.''' ,'''I was young and naive. I didn't have the advice I have now and made mistakes. I didn't understand it was about attitude as well as ability.''' ,'''When I started going to see Celtic, it was just before Henrik Larsson signed. We used to try to skip into the games. You would stand outside, waiting for someone who had a spare ticket and then give him the wee puppy eyes in the hope he'd give it to you!''' ,'''I went to West Ham and I had a manager that played me out of position. To be honest with you it was very tough to take.''' ,'''I've seen Graeme Jones getting absolutely crucified and I'm thinking, 'You've got it wrong,' He's one of the best things that's happened to the SFA. He's one of the main guys trying to drive the nation forward.''' ,'''When you lose games against Slovakia and England, you're going to get the criticism that goes with it.''' ,'''I still love going back to Celtic Park now, whether it's for Celtic or Scotland games, and seeing the atmosphere.''' ,'''You want to have a great pre-season, you want to play games.''' ,'''I had some dark days, but not once did I think I wouldn't play again - it was just a case of what sort of level I'd get back at. Would I get back to where I wanted to be?''' ,'''I want the fans to see this lad means business. I just need to get that chance.''' ,'''It has never been about me. That's not the way I am. With Scotland, it has always been about the squad, the lads who were trying to get some big results to start the Euro 2020 campaign, rather than lads who were away from it, who people didn't know the truth about.''' ,'''It really hurt me when there was this perception that I didn't want to play for Scotland. I was fuming, absolutely gutted.''' ,'''You need to win your home games and that's what gets the crowd behind you.''' ,]
+++