+++
author = "Lennon Parham"
title = "Lennon Parham Quotes"
quotes_len = "52"
description = "the best 52 Lennon Parham Quotes"
keywords = "lennon parham,lennon parham quotes,lennon parham quote,lennon parham sayings,lennon parham saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's pretty simple to me: we come from a really grounded world where anything you say could be the thing that the scene becomes about. We're always treating it as if we would treat it in real life. It's all observation.''' ,'''I've been trying to cram myself down the throats of America for a longer time than I care to remember.''' ,'''I was watching a lot of 'Game of Thrones' while I was breastfeeding a newborn.''' ,'''Don't say yes to something just because it's an opportunity.''' ,'''Marissa is one of the fan favorites of 'Comedy Bang! Bang!' for everyone throughout the years.''' ,'''Zach Woods loves to go jet-skiing. That's a real thing in his real life. He's obsessed with it.''' ,'''I did my one-woman show in order to show people what to do with me.''' ,'''Go for broke with what you believe and what you think is funny and what you're good at.''' ,'''The USA marketing team are geniuses at what they do. They do the right kind of thing for every medium. They're very active on social media; they're releasing videos every day up to the premiere.''' ,'''We always thought we wanted to do a show that you could both laugh and cry in thirty minutes, and I don't know that there are that many comedies that try for that.''' ,'''A lot of television shows, when you see births, the baby is coming out, and the wife is freaking, 'You did this to me!' but she is still super beautiful. There's none of the realism that we just went through.''' ,'''The ones that I love of 'I Love Lucy' are when one of them decides they need something, and the other one is along for the ride, sort of as the voice of reason, and is helping and making it worse.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with that show 'Call The Midwife'. Although I had to take a break at a certain point in my pregnancy because every episode is about having babies.''' ,'''This whole motherhood thing has really been, like, back to work from the get-go. It's sort of a balance.''' ,'''There's nowhere in New York to go and have your emotions to yourself. People just look the other way because every day people see someone crying on the subway!''' ,''''Playing House' works because we're being supremely honest to what we think is funny and not what we think other people think is funny.''' ,'''Right after you have a baby, the focus is on the baby. You don't feel sexual; you don't feel attractive; and you have a bigger job.''' ,'''Forcing people together is an enjoyable conflict to watch, but I think it's even more enjoyable if they love each other.''' ,'''Just because we're on USA, we didn't necessarily have to be the USA brand.''' ,'''Jeff Wachtel, who was the main reason our show came back, and also got picked up to begin with, is from the New York theater.''' ,'''When we're on Twitter, we're not only live tweeting episodes and talking about behind-the-scenes stuff, we actively try to respond to everybody.''' ,'''I loved Mommy and Me. I would go every day of my life. I had fun. I thought it was the best thing ever.''' ,'''When I began to study baby delivery, when I was about to have a baby, I became very into it and fascinated and what our body does and how a mother's body temperature will rise the minute that the baby touches her chest because she needs to get warmer.''' ,'''I know the words to, like, every song. Hoobastank, whatever.''' ,'''I can eat Chipotle all day long for years.''' ,'''My family is from a tiny town in Alabama. So all I wanted to do was get out of this town.''' ,'''My favorite dessert is banana pudding.''' ,'''So much of comedy happens between your chin and your shoulders. Nobody tells you when you get your own TV show that you're going to watch yourself in the edit room over and over and over again. It's a tough lesson.''' ,'''Generally speaking, cancer - not that funny of a thing. When you hear about it, you don't go, 'Oh, hilarious!'... But within that - comedy, tragedy, hand-in-hand.''' ,'''You just go straight for the reality of the situation. So when I sit down to write, I find myself judging it as I'm doing it, as opposed to letting it free flow.''' ,''''Anne of Green Gables'! I'd love to be the nosy neighbor that gives Anne a mouthful and then gets puts in her place.''' ,'''I would say to someone, 'Make your own stuff sooner.' Also, it's OK to say no to something if it doesn't feel right.''' ,'''If I'm a fan, I'm a fan for life.''' ,'''The thing is, if you follow whatever meal you have with Coke, it eats up the other things. It helps with the digestion of it.''' ,'''I was obsessed with Carol Burnett and then Tracey Ullman. Like, obsessed with their shows.''' ,'''You grow and you change, or at least you think you do, but you're kind of the same.''' ,'''The smell of shrimp is comforting.''' ,'''We took 'BFF' around to try and take it somewhere else because we were really proud of it, and it had gotten all that critical acclaim, and Twitter fans were going crazy about it.''' ,'''When you have girlfriends, and you get into it, and you share your flaws, and you're like, 'Oh my God. I almost had my period all over that chair,' or whatever. That's how we connect, right?''' ,'''I was obsessed with 'Kids in the Hall', 'Whose Line Is It Anyway?', 'SNL'... like, I was a Conehead for one Halloween and the Wild and Crazy Guys for another.''' ,'''When you get into a fight with your partner or a friend, you usually have some weird, specific thing that you hold on to that you fight about that has nothing to do with what's going on.''' ,'''In ten episodes, we were able to do our writers' room first. We did that all summer and wrote for 15 weeks and got everything in really good shape.''' ,'''In the summer of 2012 - and we do as we do when we get together to brainstorm an idea - we were both probably eating grilled cheese and watching 'Oprah's Favorite Things,' so it will never end, and we both brought a few things to the table of what we wanted our next project to be. And Jessica said, 'What if we raised a baby together?'''' ,'''You learn what can become a good joke and can be repeatable. You have a shorthand about how to introduce a joke to someone.''' ,'''I had a moment - and I don't know if it was funny, necessarily, but I realized the effect I could have on people - when I was doing a production of 'The Little Prince,' and I played the snake.''' ,'''I just waited tables three nights a week to cover the bases.''' ,'''Nobody wants an apology letter 14 years later.''' ,'''Give me a user manual, and I'm happy for hours.''' ,'''From the Twitter responses we got with 'Best Friends Forever' and the small feedback we are getting as the show is meted out, I think people are seeing themselves in the show and enjoying seeing female friendship portrayed in the way it really is.''' ,'''The interesting thing for 'Playing House' to me is we both are at crossroads in the pilot. We both have our lives kind of upside-down, and then because we're taking care of each other, we're able to move forward and live our best lives.''' ,'''For me, I met my husband when I was going full steam ahead of what I wanted in my career. We sort of intersected and were like, 'Oh, hi, hello!' We were both on our way somewhere to speak and then just kept going together.''' ,''''Felicity' was my 'Gilmore Girls' because I grew up in a small town.''' ,]
+++