+++
author = "Jill Clayburgh"
title = "Jill Clayburgh Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Jill Clayburgh Quotes"
keywords = "jill clayburgh,jill clayburgh quotes,jill clayburgh quote,jill clayburgh sayings,jill clayburgh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like to run, to go down the stairs, I'm one of those kind of people.''' ,'''I want to be an actress, not a personality.''' ,'''I no longer say nice things about yoga. I was doing yoga so long before everybody else.''' ,'''There's something about soft, unstructured arms that's very beautiful.''' ,'''I don't theorize too much. I sort of let the experience sink in, and I have to discover what the character is by doing it, and having those thoughts that she's thinking.''' ,'''Clothes are part of the character. They can't but help inform who you are.''' ,'''There was just this amazing individuality. It's just a whole different world of optimism and fearlessness, women taking off their bras and dancing around naked, and a political hopefulness and involvement.''' ,'''I just didn't work that much while the kids were growing up.''' ,'''I wasn't very good about juggling family and my career. I was interested in who was coming to the children's birthday party, what my son was writing. I was thinking about Legos.''' ,'''I notice now, whatever character in whatever movie you're watching, they have these toned arms and muscles.''' ,'''I came from dinner, went downtown with my friends, the elevator was down, I ran down the hall toward my room at 10 at night, having had two glasses of wine.''' ,'''I don't like sitting around in my dressing room very much. It feels a lot like theater.''' ,'''A woman came up to me after one of the screenings with tears pouring down her face and sobbed, You've defined my entire life for me on the screen.''' ,'''Well, this would be nice if it worked out, but I'm not selling the farm.''' ,'''There's no environment. Use your imagination. There's no fourth wall, whether it's the first time you've told this story about her life, or the sixth time.''' ,'''What bugs me is that movies don't reflect how interesting and vibrant women are. We don't treasure women as they get older.''' ,'''I just read that Time magazine cover story with all this information about how you have to have your kids by the time you're 12 or it's all over. Please.''' ,'''People always seem to see echoes of their own lives in my films.''' ,'''I love to swim for miles; I could just go back and forth.''' ,]
+++