+++
author = "Rostam Batmanglij"
title = "Rostam Batmanglij Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Rostam Batmanglij Quotes"
keywords = "rostam batmanglij,rostam batmanglij quotes,rostam batmanglij quote,rostam batmanglij sayings,rostam batmanglij saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Whenever I work on a project I put all of myself into it.''' ,'''It's interesting because neither of my parents play instruments. They both love music, but neither of them are musicians. Somehow, I was drawn to it.''' ,'''I started playing guitar when I was 14.''' ,'''When an old tape machine makes pitch wobble, some people would say that compromises fidelity and would try to get rid of it. But to me that wobble adds richness, it instantly brings back the feelings you associate with old recordings.''' ,'''I was fascinated by the word 'Rudy,' which is connected to the Jamaican term 'rude boy,' which migrated from Jamaica to London. I was also fascinated by that name, because it exists in Persian culture and Iranian culture. There is actually a place called Rudy in Iran, and there's Iranians that I know with the name Rudy.''' ,'''I like to be able to work quickly, to capture the spark of an idea before it goes out.''' ,'''Well, the announcement to say that I was no longer a member of Vampire Weekend was something that was in the works for a long time. I knew that it was the right choice for me.''' ,'''I think the music that speaks to me the most is music that is personal. And that's the music that I'm trying to make.''' ,'''There are rules that are so blatantly broken on 'Contra,' like structures of harmony and texture.''' ,'''I'm trying to get to a point where I tell people, if you want to get in touch with me, please don't rely on email. I don't want to be a slave to it.''' ,'''Some of the journalists who've ended up writing about our band - and this is disappointing to say - have a very narrow outlook. And because of that they fundamentally misunderstand us.''' ,'''In the West we are constantly hit with music of Middle Eastern descent signifying terror, intrigue or sorrow.''' ,'''I certainly think that my music is a response to my experience as a person who doesn't identify as straight, as a person who grew up American.''' ,'''I've always been very good at helping other people finish their songs.''' ,'''It's easier for me to remember things based on the releases of albums. The year is such an arbitrary thing.''' ,'''I'll probably continue writing songs about New York until I die.''' ,'''I don't have to just have one kind of life. I can have several different creative lives.''' ,'''I always want to be somewhat uncomfortable. But at the same time I want to make music that you react to viscerally.''' ,'''I like the idea that a song can be about a romantic relationship, but it can also about a relationship to your career, or a relationship to your city.''' ,'''Well, I think that I have a complicated relationship with whiteness because oftentimes, I pass as white, and I recognize that. I would be disingenuous to pretend that I don't pass as white.''' ,'''I thought it would be interesting to play classical music on rock instruments.''' ,'''What I love is the openness of collaboration.''' ,'''The original 'Don't Let It Get to You' started with a beat. The drums came first. All the musical and lyrical elements were written over those drums.''' ,'''I made a quote-unquote 'album' for my senior project of high school. As soon as I finished making it I realized it wasn't the kind of music I wanted to make.''' ,'''I guess my first instrument was the recorder when I was about five or six.''' ,'''Throughout college I was getting better and better at making recordings, producing songs, making different kinds of beats.''' ,'''Only a straight white person would have no concept of what visibility is. They've never contended with anything but visibility.''' ,'''I tend to use different microphones, different mic techniques, and different recording mediums - like analogue tape - that evoke multiple eras of recorded music at the same time.''' ,'''I never felt like there were things I couldn't express lyrically in Vampire Weekend. I was always proud of everything that we wrote together.''' ,'''It's hard to make music that's sexy that's not cheesy.''' ,'''I don't think teenagers in 2017 identify with heterosexuality, and that's a positive.''' ,'''As a person who doesn't identify as straight, any love song I write is contextualized by a queer identity.''' ,'''I think that's the only way I know how to write songs, is to think about my life, and also to think about the words at the same time.''' ,'''My music is about identity.''' ,'''I like there to be some secrets.''' ,'''I've always had a complex relationship towards my identity as an American.''' ,'''I would hope to make a record that interacts with culture in a macro sense. That is something to aspire to.''' ,'''I admire Brian Eno so much in how he seems to push the idea of less being more - his touch is to crack open a window and let the light in.''' ,'''I don't believe in expertise. I don't believe that a film critic feels a film more deeply than any person who walks into a theater. I don't believe that.''' ,'''Shangri-La is one of the few studios in which you can sit in the control room and open a window behind you. You can feel the light and the air coming off the ocean. You can have a musical world in front of you and the natural world behind you.''' ,'''I can pass as a lot of things: people meet me and don't think I'm gay and speak about gay people in a certain way or they don't know I'm Middle Eastern and do the same.''' ,'''You want the personality of each performer - whether it's singing or bass or drums or piano - to be intact. In some ways it's much more challenging to preserve that and to also make music that sounds modern.''' ,'''A lot of what being a producer is, is giving people space. Like psychologically being there to help them realize what they're trying to do.''' ,'''Classical music can be catchy, so can African instrumental guitar music. It's not just pop songs that are catchy. Rhythms can be catchy, too.''' ,'''I'm very conscious of the fact that I devoted my life to recording music, recordings and writing songs.''' ,'''Films should involve a director's idiosyncrasies as much as possible I think.''' ,'''I feel like there's no one kind of person who comes to my shows. Sometimes I've been surprised by the people who will stop me on the street to tell me that they're into my music.''' ,'''I think when I work with artists, I'm at their service, and I'm at the service of either their vision or a vision that we find together and we share.''' ,'''Because of who I am, and how open I am, there's something inherently political about just writing love songs.''' ,'''I think as a producer, you're always sort of questioning if what you're contributing is something that an artist loves and elevates a song.''' ,'''I'm not interested in anyone who would want me for the wrong reasons.''' ,'''I'd like to release solo songs on a regular basis, but it's pretty difficult for me to finish them.''' ,'''I always felt more connected with people who are proud of who they are.''' ,'''I'm always making beats, and when I can hear Ezra singing on one of them in my head, I send it to him. That's one of the ways that we've always worked together.''' ,'''I want to live in a world that is less white supremacist, straight supremacist, male supremacist.''' ,'''I am a very big fan of Brian Eno, of his work as an artist and making his music, and as a producer. In some ways, I have looked to his career as a model for my own.''' ,'''I feel like I've had this ability to infiltrate, as an outsider and an insider, different groups.''' ,'''Even though I've been making electronic music since I was 14, it's hard for people to see you as a producer with a musical identity when you're contextualized in a band that performs on a stage.''' ,'''I work on music with different people, and I work on music on my own. That's my life.''' ,'''The most exciting songs to me are the unlikely hits, when you think, 'I love this, but why is it on the radio?'''' ,'''I don't identify as white. I have a complex relationship with whiteness.''' ,'''The thing I love about car design is that it's sculpture everybody appreciates, everybody has access to.''' ,'''I figured out that it was important for me to have my identity, just live independently and like being myself, musically.''' ,'''Radio or no radio, I just like the way records sound when the drums and vocals are loud.''' ,'''I never identified with 'indie,' I don't like that word.''' ,'''I like that I can write my name in Persian, and it's a small unit, like a graphical unit. I feel the same way about my name in English, it's a graphical unit.''' ,'''A lot of people get a high from being onstage. I found ways to enjoy it. But I get it from being in the studio.''' ,'''My parents left Iran in 1979 and moved to France and then moved to the U.S. My brother was born in France and I was born in New York, and then we moved to D.C.''' ,'''Yeah, I'd always wanted to do a song with finger-picked, nylon-string guitar.''' ,'''I'd like to make an album with Slack one day. I'd like to use it as a collaborative tool. I know about it because I have friends that work in tech, and I guess you can use it in any job.''' ,'''Sometimes the hangover provides inspiration.''' ,'''When my mom was pregnant with me, my parents moved from France to America.''' ,'''Whatever you are making, whether it's a song, an album, a painting, a film, you're connecting with a tradition, and I do feel connected to New York music.''' ,'''As a kid I had gone to New York a handful of times with my family. I definitely think it planted a seed in me.''' ,'''There are songs out there in the world which, in some ways, seem so unmusical.''' ,'''I think that all music is inherently political, and, at the same time, I'm interested in the politics of inclusion not exclusion. So I think that my goal is to make music that anybody can hear and feel moved by.''' ,'''I love being able to record in a room that's surrounded by trees.''' ,'''On the song 'Step,' the chorus is Ezra is singing into my laptop with the laptop microphone, and you can hear the trains going by my apartment, but we liked the quality of that recording.''' ,'''I was listening 'Plastic Ono Band,' the John Lennon album a lot, and that might have had some inspiration on me.''' ,'''What's interesting about Vampire Weekend, everyone in the band, except for me, had a band in high school in which they were the lead singers. And I'm the one who never had that experience.''' ,'''I'm interested in making art that is available to everybody.''' ,'''I've had experiences where my life will try to tell me something in a dream and sometimes it's something I'm not ready to hear.''' ,'''I'm as guilty as anyone else of listening to music track by track.''' ,'''In some ways, the more that I write songs, the more I feel that telling a story is the most important thing; just being able to close your eyes when you hear some lyrics and go somewhere.''' ,'''It's always my mission to try to do something that hasn't been done before, whether that's musically, lyrically or in terms of mixing.''' ,'''When I work with other artists, I really want to bring out the most in their voices and I want to hold myself to the same standard.''' ,'''I can't even begin to express the joy I get from writing songs, both on my own and with others, I hold it all sacred.''' ,'''I think that for a lot of us gay people, we do feel that pop is our music. We identify with it and its iconography, and that's been a tradition.''' ,'''The idea of the gay experience, it feels like a relic. I felt like in the '90s when we were watching the gay characters on 'The Real World,' there was definitely a gay experience that was distinct from a straight experience. If you talk to high schoolers in 2017, I don't know that is as much a part of how they experience a social dynamic.''' ,'''I'm very aware of what, say, electric guitar recordings in the '60s sounded like.''' ,'''I think that's kind of the perfect mix, where you do something that you're not sure about, you feel like you're taking a risk, and then you turn around and look at the artists that you're collaborating with and you can read the expression on their face if they like it or they hate it.''' ,'''When I moved to New York, I remember thinking, 'I'm never going to live anywhere else.'''' ,'''Honestly, I never felt like I wasn't an artist on my own. I always felt like the music I made was mine, whether it was part of a collaboration with people.''' ,'''The whole point of Lady Gaga is that anyone can do it. A few years ago she was a nobody. She talks about how it's important for people to know that by sheer force of will they can bring about anything they want in their lives.''' ,'''There is a sense of tranquility that I think people can get from being in an organized group, where a singular leader handles the responsibilities of individual thinking.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if you record with a microphone on a laptop or at a friend's house. Now it's more of a danger of things sounding too high-fi than sounding too low-fi.''' ,'''There's a joy I get from collaborating with other artists, and there's a joy I get from making songs on my own.''' ,'''There's a bunch of rules that I want to break. I have a rule-breaking streak.''' ,'''I feel like when I was in college I was listening to the Walkmen a lot and I actually have a memory of having a dream and in the dream I saw the Walkmen perform with saxes.''' ,'''The first Vampire Weekend record was the first full-length album that I produced.''' ,]
+++