+++
author = "Tate Donovan"
title = "Tate Donovan Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Tate Donovan Quotes"
keywords = "tate donovan,tate donovan quotes,tate donovan quote,tate donovan sayings,tate donovan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you first get fame, you're so insecure that you just become a ding dong.''' ,'''When I was growing up, it was so embarrassing to be from Jersey.''' ,'''Normally, if you do a television show, it's 25 episodes. Your year is kind of shot, you know what I mean?''' ,'''I'm a huge David Lindsay-Abaire fan. If I could write, I would want to write like him.''' ,''''Argo' was a great script from day one. I don't think we knew that it was going to be such a success.''' ,'''My brother was a big marathoner. He was a great collegiate runner at Beloit College. He won his conference's races, and he did tons of marathons. I would go out and run with him every once in a while just to hang out with him.''' ,'''I can't run on treadmills; they drive me nuts.''' ,''''Fargo' is one of my favorite movies.''' ,'''When you achieve a certain amount of success, you want to be doing something else.''' ,'''I have been able to do a lot of great things during my career!''' ,'''My parents took me to a movie, and I remember wanting to sit apart from them for some reason. I wanted to be a big boy or whatever. I remember looking up on that screen. It was a movie about medieval knights. All I remember is saying, 'I want to do that. I want to make movies.'''' ,'''I was not the pampered baby, no. I'm five years younger, and my parents were actually very strict with me, more strict than with the other ones.''' ,'''A career in showbiz is like a distance run. You have to have patience and pace yourself.''' ,'''Why do I run? It's the best form of exercise. It's totally the core of being in shape. I really feel so good - anytime after the first mile. You start fantasying. You start thinking about things.''' ,'''I was on 'The O.C.' and had a small part, which wasn't very challenging. I was a bit bored, so I started shadowing directors and they finally gave me a shot. From there, it led to directing other television shows. I am trying to direct a feature film, so we'll see what happens.''' ,'''You just can't help but sort of think that your life and your career are going to go straight up, up, up.''' ,'''Working with the cast of 'Glee' was inspiring. To be around a group of kids who work so hard and love what they do is so refreshing.''' ,]
+++