+++
author = "Hugh Dillon"
title = "Hugh Dillon Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Hugh Dillon Quotes"
keywords = "hugh dillon,hugh dillon quotes,hugh dillon quote,hugh dillon sayings,hugh dillon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do like to do TV work when it's firing on all cylinders.''' ,'''I had a great acting teacher in high school. But I didn't like acting because it took too many people to get the job done. You have to talk to too many people and listen to others' opinions. With music, you get a few friends together and just make it.''' ,'''Life's too short. It's got to be great.''' ,'''Long ago, I was lucky enough to shoot 'Flashpoint' and 'Durham County' at the same time. It doesn't happen often in an actor's life that you get two great parts simultaneously.''' ,'''I am confident in who I am.''' ,'''I'm very, very lucky to be a working actor, but I've also been careful. I don't just take anything. 'Durham County' came to me. You have to look at the quality of work you do, and 'Durham' set the standard. I wait for things that keep me really interested.''' ,'''Life is too short to spend in negativity. So I have made a conscious effort to not be where I don't want to be.''' ,'''I have a repertoire of songs that I'm proud of, that I've written for my own band. When I do a cover, something that somebody else has written, I think about it very carefully before I sing that song. I have to really get behind it and understand it and like it. And that's how I pick roles. I don't want to play just anything.''' ,]
+++