+++
author = "Helene Yorke"
title = "Helene Yorke Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Helene Yorke Quotes"
keywords = "helene yorke,helene yorke quotes,helene yorke quote,helene yorke sayings,helene yorke saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The two biggest characters I've created are probably the biggest things I've ever done for a role.''' ,'''I was crying because I was making my Broadway debut and there's nothing like that. It's the absolute mountaintop for a nerd like me that's loved it forever.''' ,'''I wasn't a nerd or a recluse, but I didn't grow up too fast.''' ,'''I typically, with my work, like to approach it in a bigger way. That's sort of how I am. And I remember when I was getting into television, the handcuff that gets put on you right away, especially when you're a theater kid, is, 'Be smaller, be smaller, be smaller.'''' ,'''I went to Westside School of Ballet in L.A. and I was climbing through the ranks. Then I got to pointe shoes and I was like, 'This is not cool, you guys. This is gonna be in textbooks, someday, along with Chinese foot-binding.' Anyway, it's not for me, so I got into doing different kinds of dance.''' ,'''When I first got to the city, I had no money. I was living in Queens amongst boxes and lived in Harlem and didn't have a couch.''' ,'''No one has ever made me as starstruck as Sutton Foster.''' ,'''I love doing dramas because it's quiet and focused work.''' ,'''Of course, building a character is easy when the writing is good.''' ,'''My brain knows how to learn musical theater dancing, but learning hip-hop? It was so hard for my body to understand how to move in that way.''' ,'''I got to play with people like Molly Shannon and Wanda Skyes. Going back and forth with people like that is just an extra added boost. Who doesn't want to play catch with Molly Shannon?''' ,'''I don't have audition horror stories, I just have situations in which I was made to feel so small. That's the worst of all, because it's really hard to recover from.''' ,'''I think the wildest thing you do to get a role is putting yourself together for an audition.''' ,'''I remember getting to New York and riding the subway in the morning to go to a doctor's appointment, and getting jealous of commuters that were going to their jobs.''' ,'''That's what I think makes the best anything, is that if something is written to fit a person like a glove, because then everything feels so true.''' ,'''I went to school for musical theater, and that is such a huge, central part of me.''' ,'''I've always been an idiot, so doing voices and being a goof has always been a part of who I am.''' ,'''Figuring out what made 'American Psycho' tick, it was such a fun script to work on, especially when we got an audience. Everything about it was so dark and yet ABSURD. I played Evelyn, and balancing what made her real and ridiculous was incredibly rewarding.''' ,'''We're all victims of our own expectations.''' ,'''I find the mediums to be incredibly different. In theatre you're telling the same story eight times a week, and in TV that story is constantly changing and you're often telling it out of order based on shooting schedules.''' ,'''I bring a lot of myself to my work.''' ,'''Andrew Keenan-Bolger was my college roommate for two years. Instead of going to tap class, we'd be in our underwear eating Flamin' Hot Cheetos on our futon watching Paula Deen for hours.''' ,'''I was in 'Grease' on Broadway, toured with 'Wicked,' was off Broadway a couple of times and have been a part of numerous readings and workshops.''' ,'''That's a wonderful thing, to take possession of the role that you're playing.''' ,'''All people go through moments that are tough, but looking at them through comedy is so fun. You can look at anything in life and say 'Sure, this is crap, but it's kinda funny.'''' ,'''When I was 3 years old, my parents put me in ballet and I really thought I was gonna be a ballet dancer for a long time.''' ,'''I think the conversation about sex is one that never grows old and is one that people are always drawn to.''' ,'''We just lost Carol Channing, who performed 'Hello, Dolly!' at the St. James Theatre. I played the St. James Theatre as well. To know that you walked the same boards as somebody like that is so extraordinary.''' ,'''During 'Bullets Over Broadway,' there was a part where we performed the 'play within the play' facing upstage. It was me, Karen Ziemba, Brooks Ashmanskas, and Marin Mazzie. I don't think we got through it properly a single time.''' ,''''High Maintenance' became my calling card for the bulk of my television career.''' ,'''I went to the University of Michigan and have a BFA in Musical Theatre.''' ,'''I'll never forget the first moment I stepped on a Broadway stage. It was in Grease, and I knew it was momentous. My parents were there, and I got into a cab with them afterward and started crying.''' ,'''If the mean thing is being said with a person who abused malice, then something sounds mean. If something that is considered mean is being said by somebody who has good intentions and has maybe a comedic lack of awareness, then you can get away with a little bit more.''' ,'''Brooks Ashmanskas - rehearsing and putting on a show can be very stressful and exhausting, but Brooks makes every moment a joyride. His influence taught me to never take myself or what I'm doing too seriously.''' ,'''I don't know how else to say it: I'm a monster.''' ,]
+++