+++
author = "Kenneth Cole"
title = "Kenneth Cole Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kenneth Cole Quotes"
keywords = "kenneth cole,kenneth cole quotes,kenneth cole quote,kenneth cole sayings,kenneth cole saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What's so great about my business is that every day is different than the day prior.''' ,'''When I was younger I would often go to nightclubs and sit in the best-lit corner to look at what people chose to wear, or I'd go out and around the city - to places where people express their sense of what they think looks good. So, I get a sense of that, and then I try to interpret it.''' ,'''I believe what has kept us relevant over the years is not just the fashion which has sometimes been more timely than other times but has also been our messages, which have consistently reflected the context of the world we're living in and what was happening and that which was affecting what we were thinking and what was inspiring us.''' ,'''In business, you can write your own book. The more unique it is from anything written before, the more likely it is to succeed.''' ,'''Often people ask me about getting involved in service and philanthropy, and my first advice is: Make sure it's real and it's transparent.''' ,'''Every morning, I look in my closet and say, 'What do I wish was here?' It's looking for what's not there and making it available.''' ,'''Every day, we all make the critical decision of what we're going to wear, because many of the people we encounter in a day don't get to know anything more about us than how we present ourselves. That decision - totally on our own terms - is a powerful one.''' ,'''I'm sure some people haven't necessarily embraced some of the messages over the years. We've been talking about the inappropriateness of automatic weapons and guns since the late Eighties. I know we've lost some customers over the years, and in some ways, secured others.''' ,'''There are only so many things we can do that make us feel better. We pick up the newspapers and we want to cry every day. We turn on the news and we want to jump out the first window, jump in front of the first truck.''' ,'''If every shoe store in America stops selling shoes, no one's going to go barefoot for 15, 20 years. No one needs shoes, for the most part. We have shoes; our problem is what to do with them.''' ,'''I believe much of our lives is about guilt management.''' ,'''Nobody cleans out their closet at the end of the season anymore.''' ,'''It's hard to ignore the hand that feeds you, and today our communities are far more needy than they've ever been, and governments neither have the will nor the ability in many cases to provide the services that they need to.''' ,'''When I started this business, my job was to sell people on my brand and convince them to embrace it in a way that made sense to them.''' ,'''In the fashion business, there weren't any rules. In fact, the better you were at creating something new, the greater the likelihood you would be successful.''' ,'''We will redo a shoe 15 times before we get it right, to get it where it should be and hopefully it will fit and look the way it should.''' ,'''I am the closest of all to my wife, who is in and of herself a change agent and has committed to impacting the realities of homelessness - and making sure I get out of the house every day to do what I have to do.''' ,'''I've started calling fashion my day job.''' ,'''I'm actually in the process of running from office. I've got so much access and ability to do so much great social outreach and public service as a private person.''' ,'''We are trying to speak to the consumer by their lifestyle.''' ,'''I love black. Anything black transforms lives in a profound way, particularly for women.''' ,'''I don't know what Galliano was thinking. Apparently he dressed people as homeless and sent them down the runway. That's not very tasteful and somewhat exploitive.''' ,'''I've always believed that how you look is a self-fulfilling prophecy: When you wake up, get dressed and look in the mirror, if you think you look good, most likely you will.''' ,'''Twitter is a very powerful platform for adversarial feedback.''' ,'''My first AIDS campaign was in 1985. There was this dark cloud, everybody was socially inspired - we hadn't seen social consciousness like that since the '60s - but most people were talking about hunger in Africa. Nobody was talking about this really ominous circumstance here in the U.S. because of this fear of stigma.''' ,'''I don't care as much about politics as about social service.''' ,'''Over the years, I have found a way to use this business and this platform to talk with people about important issues. To the degree you can bring a sense of purpose to what you do, it makes the relationship with the customer that much more meaningful and purposeful.''' ,'''Very early on in this journey, I uniquely found not just an aesthetic, but also a voice. I found the ability to communicate with people, which has turned out for me to be a far more meaningful platform. To talk to them about not just what's on their body, but also on their minds.''' ,'''I admire other people's clothes but I only wear my own.''' ,'''Asking people for money is a hard thing to do. But helping people do the right thing is not hard. So I often call people up and suggest ways they can spend their money to make a meaningful impact, and I don't feel I've asked them for money.''' ,'''Through my ongoing work as a UNAIDS Ambassador and with the End AIDS Coalition, I remain personally committed to aligning resources and galvanizing global action and working with amfAR to make AIDS history.''' ,'''This is what I wanted the business to be when I started it: a lot of black, a lot of luxurious materials, and modern styling.''' ,'''We as a country are very good at responding to acute, short-term crises. When the crisis becomes chronic, we tend to withdraw.''' ,'''You can't build a fashion business with a short-term perspective, unless you're prepared to make investments that you know are not going to pay dividends immediately.''' ,'''I had left the runway because I had come to believe that it was questionably relevant and appropriate, because we were creating clothes that, to a large degree, never ended up making it to the stores. And the runway was being seen in markets where those clothes weren't available.''' ,'''Life in my shoes has gotten me relatively far. Though it's also gotten me into trouble on occasion.''' ,'''It's not about me, it's about you, the customer. And if I am effective in making what I do about you, and I can enhance you and elevate you, you will support me forever.''' ,'''I've come to realize nobody needs what we sell. There's hardly a woman who needs another pair of black shoes.''' ,'''When I started this business, I never anticipated this would become a platform for me to talk about things that I personally believe in.''' ,'''What people are consuming is what things represent. It's people defining themselves through what they wear.''' ,'''Today, I believe everybody's their own brand, and everybody has their own brand and they curate their own brand on their Facebook and Twitter pages.''' ,'''I love not being public.''' ,'''I need to distort not just leather and fabric, but also words. It's a disorder I have.''' ,'''When I married Maria, her father was governor at the time, and I was in awe of his progressive message.''' ,'''When you go public, the value equation of your company changes immediately. It is valued on anticipated earnings.''' ,'''Being the son of a women's shoe factory owner, 'Kinky Boots' resonated with me on so many different levels.''' ,'''My bedroom was my executive office. Buyers came to my apartment and that's where they saw the collections.''' ,'''Everybody struggles to find a balance between their personal lives and their professional lives, and in some cases, their connection with the community. So what I've looked to do over the years is marry as many of those as I can.''' ,'''My father had a shoe factory in a depressed and rough area of New York City called Williamsburg.''' ,'''Not taking those few moments in the morning to decide what you're saying to people by how you're choosing to dress is a lost opportunity.''' ,'''For years, the company was known as a women's shoe company. Then we added men's clothing, shirts and shoes, and people thought of us as a men's brand.''' ,'''We don't just make shoes, we try to stay in touch with the world around us.''' ,'''The best solution is very much the least expensive and most creative.''' ,'''After working with my father for two years, we started Candie's, a line of imported shoes from Italy. Then in 1982 I set out to start my own business.''' ,'''It is great to be known for your shoes. It is even better to be recognized for your soul.''' ,'''I'm a pragmatist, and I don't like gratuitous fashion - in fact, there's not that much gratuitous anything in my life.''' ,'''I wanted to make the brand cool again. I needed to make it a little smaller to make it bigger and I needed to change the consumer experience.''' ,'''In the early years I had no real plan. I figured it out as I went, which is easier to do when you don't have a lot of staff and overhead. Back then I believed my job was just to create great-looking shoes. That wasn't true. I learned that the shoes needed to fit, be comfortable, and not fall apart.''' ,'''I work out with my trainer at 5 A. M. three times per week and I also skip dessert - most of the time.''' ,'''My job, I believe, is to convince you to allow me to be part of your brand. Then when you look to present yourself a certain way you'll come to me, go to our website, and you'll buy want you want in the color you want, in the size you want, for the season you want.''' ,'''I find that people look to personalize their fashion alternatives.''' ,'''I've always believed that fashion is not just what you look like on the outside, it's a reflection of who you are on the inside.''' ,'''Rest is overrated.''' ,'''I always believe that if you're looking at a magazine and I'm one of 40 ads, I - in effect - get one-fortieth of your attention. But if, when you close that magazine, you're still thinking about my ad, I've got a lot more than one-fortieth of your attention.''' ,'''We all walk in different shoes. What one does may not be right for everybody.''' ,'''What's so great about this industry is that you have to be able to reinvent yourself every day.''' ,'''To the degree you could provoke people and engage them in a unique way, your message is more likely to resonate longer. I figured out the less-than-140-character concept long before Twitter came along.''' ,'''I'm also on the Board at Sundance, so I've seen witnessed first hand the power of independent storytelling.''' ,'''I think the power of messaging is saying something in as few words as possible, because I think we all essentially have ADD. It's not a clinically diagnosed state anymore; it's a socially imposed state.''' ,'''When you sit around at dinner talking about the death penalty, it's hard to find relevance in what color shoes will be next season.''' ,'''I've realized that people come to the brand not just for the products we make, but because of what we stand for.''' ,'''A brand today is much more than status. Consumers have to be able to trust it.''' ,'''My job is to create a business model that's built on a platform that has the ability to change quickly.''' ,'''I grew up in the New York area.''' ,'''In the past, you needed extraordinary access in certain markets to communicate your message. Today you can get through to audiences on your own terms. Everybody curates their own program today, and they do it on Instagram, Pinterest and Facebook. They decide who they want to be their audience and who they want to have access to their platform.''' ,'''Finding a way to make a difference is arguably far more defining than any collection I have brought to market.''' ,'''I've struggled with that over the years: Is fashion relevant? Is it frivolous? Is it trivial? Because I give so much of my essence to it, as do everybody I work with.''' ,'''People don't always read things the way they are intended.''' ,'''I am probably not the best creative person in the industry. I am probably not the best business person in the industry. But by nature being both, I think, is a strategic advantage.''' ,'''I often say in jest, 'We haven't changed the world but hopefully we've become an accessory.'''' ,'''The stigma, the fact that nobody was talking about AIDS was arguably killing more people than the virus itself. So I did an ad about the fact that nobody was speaking about HIV/AIDS.''' ,'''The more I circumvent the rules, the more successful I become.''' ,'''My job isn't to tell people what they should wear. My job is to find out what they want and give it to them in a way they didn't quite expect.''' ,'''I came to realize that the law is about a book of rules, and he who learns them best, and is the most creative in interpreting them, goes furthest.''' ,'''Ads create dialogue, they create conversation, they create attention - that's our objective.''' ,'''Giving back is something most companies look to do at certain times of the year. We as a company look to do it all year.''' ,'''There are many in the AIDS community who have said we won't find a cure in the foreseeable future. Well, you certainly won't find it if you're not looking.''' ,'''I never really had long range plans. I take one season at a time, every day at a time.''' ,'''None of what I do is political. My messages are social and human messages. In many cases, they've been politicized but they are so much bigger than that.''' ,'''If a brand is relevant anywhere, it's essentially viable everywhere.''' ,'''It's very hard to argue against the message that we all have AIDS. It's not hard to make the case that we all have been affected, both culturally and spiritually.''' ,'''In my opinion, being able to do some form of service is a gift. The one that provides the service is the greatest beneficiary - I will attest to it.''' ,'''For years, I put out thoughts, I didn't really express opinions.''' ,'''When we get up in the morning, what we put on is very much a reflection of how we see the world and how we want it to see us.''' ,'''It is astounding how evolved and progressed India has become. It is holding on to its extraordinary rich culture and becoming global and Western at the same time.''' ,'''Children are cute no matter whose they are.''' ,'''Our business is fashion, and it's about timing and in our case, it's about being relevant and there's nothing more relevant than current affairs.''' ,'''I named the company Kenneth Cole because I didn't have a lot of time to make up a name.''' ,'''Shoes are by far the most complicated thing to bring to market. It's not just design. You need engineering.''' ,'''When I first fell in love with Maria, it was because she really cares about things.''' ,]
+++