+++
author = "Caroline Quentin"
title = "Caroline Quentin Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Caroline Quentin Quotes"
keywords = "caroline quentin,caroline quentin quotes,caroline quentin quote,caroline quentin sayings,caroline quentin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm very intolerant of people in my industry who don't understand that a quality script is the most important thing. It makes me incandescent.''' ,'''I've worn costumes all my life. I'm a theatre actress, you know. That's what I do for a living. I dress up, I wear makeup, I make a fool of myself.''' ,'''I'm not mad keen on comedy that points the finger at people and ridicules them. I don't find that very funny. I like the stuff where you feel better afterwards.''' ,'''I don't think I had any idea how much I would love becoming a mother. Although I'm away a lot, my children, Emily and William, are secure. Sam, their father, stays at home with them and I'm at home as much as I can be.''' ,'''My mother was quite poorly. She suffered from bipolar disorder, which at that time was called manic depression. She spent a lot of time in psychiatric hospitals, and my father was away a lot with the RAF and then with his job in civil aviation, so I was raised in part by my sisters and my godmother, Sylvia.''' ,'''My parents got divorced in the mid-70s and I didn't really have much to do with my dad after that. Or indeed much to do with him before that, to be honest.''' ,'''I'm interested in how we can change the nature of what's appealing in women so that all this nonsense about how we look, this obsession with Botox, dieting and cosmetic surgery, will just go away.''' ,'''I see a fitness coach three times a week and I do a lot of boxing, a bit of running when my knees let me, circuit training, fit ball, anything that will keep my heart going and stop me getting even fatter.''' ,'''Getting older has compensations, though when you hit 50 you become very aware of your own mortality and it makes you reassess.''' ,'''When I was younger, I had such awful, poisonous things written about me: male critics likening me to unattractive animals, and suggesting I should be in a zoo.''' ,'''As an actor, you tend to have to be a bit of a people-pleaser, and I think that I just don't really care about that so much any more.''' ,'''When I'm home I'm just happier, more at peace and more settled. It's fine being away, but it's not really living.''' ,'''But through therapy I'm realising I'm allowed to be vulnerable. And I'm allowed to feel shy. And I'm allowed to feel private.''' ,'''I have a very strict delineation between who I am and what it is. I very much do this for a living and it's not my life. I think a lot of people in my industry define themselves by their work and it breaks my heart.''' ,'''I like to look nice when I go out and I'll put on a bit of slap, but I'm not someone who spends hours looking at myself. I live on a farm in Devon and when I look in the mirror I can see my garden behind me. That's what I'm really interested in.''' ,'''I'm out and proud with my terrible haircuts and jumpers. I think my younger self would be amazed at the way my life has turned out, actually.''' ,'''I know it sounds cheesy, but I do feel so blessed. I have a great job, I have the best children in the world and I have a darling husband who loves me.''' ,'''Well, all baking is a technical challenge as far as I'm concerned.''' ,'''We live on a farm and we've never been happier, living in the country and pootling about. We keep chickens, turkeys and pigs, and I grow veg - it's perfect.''' ,'''I started working at 16. I'm 60. I've been working for 44 years.''' ,'''In my dream world I'd do a nice series every year, preferably one that wasn't too long. But really - I've got to be honest here - it wouldn't kill me if I never did it again.''' ,'''Now I'm coming up to 50 I'm sort of bound to play people who have children. Do I mind? Not in the least. Other people's perception of you is how this industry works. It's what I do, but I have a whole real life which is nothing to do with that perception of me.''' ,'''As a woman, you can be funny and 50, but you can't do much else - unless you're Helen Mirren!''' ,'''I started as a hoofer and all-round chorus girl. I did my first ballet lesson when I was three, then trained as a dancer and went into pantomimes and summer seasons. Acting came later.''' ,'''My husband's a very good baker. He does all the baking at home - if there is any - because I'm a coeliac. I tend to avoid stuff like that, I don't even buy it.''' ,'''I'm so used to my appearance, I don't feel either offended or pleased by it. To be honest, I am not madly interested.''' ,'''Mum was a brilliant classical pianist. She was Canadian and studied music at McGill University. She took me to ballet when I was a little girl, and those are some of my happiest memories.''' ,'''I am President of Coeliac UK, and apart from supporting Stand Up to Cancer, I want to raise awareness about coeliac disease. It's an autoimmune disease - people often think it's an allergy - and it can affect you very seriously.''' ,'''I started out as a dancer and an actor, and I need to remind myself that I can still do theatre.''' ,'''I have never gone for a diagnosis and I don't consider myself to be bipolar, but I have extreme moods. I get heightened. I get very overexcited. But I do get very low, too... I don't know whether it's inherited or learned.''' ,'''I've always refused to buy into the idea that I should look a certain way. People say I don't conform to the idea of what an actress should look like, but I am what I am and that's fine.''' ,'''I think that, as you get older, you become less focused on yourself and more focused on the people in your life.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of Tracey Emin. She's so raw and vulnerable; she's never formed the protective carapace that I formed very early on.''' ,'''If I'm outside, I'm really happy. I don't care whether it's blowing a gale, I just love being outdoors.''' ,'''The 'everymum' persona is quite a comfortable coat to put on, and in a way it protects you. I don't think I'm being deceptive. I like the women I play, so I'm very happy to be identified with them.''' ,'''I'm not clever enough to write. It's as basic and tragic as that.''' ,'''I hear radio plays that I did 20 years ago and I can't bear it; I see things on telly that I made six months ago and I just hate them. I could name on one hand the things that I think are OK; the rest of it is just rubbish and embarrassing.''' ,]
+++