+++
author = "Torrey Devitto"
title = "Torrey Devitto Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Torrey Devitto Quotes"
keywords = "torrey devitto,torrey devitto quotes,torrey devitto quote,torrey devitto sayings,torrey devitto saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I actually have my first iPhone deformity because it sits on my pinky, and now my bone actually dips in where my cellphone sits.''' ,'''I bargain-shop all the time, but then I started learning about how those products are made and about how if you spend a little bit more money on ethical clothing that are using recycled materials - like, my favorite dresses are by Christy Dawn... the carbon footprint that they're leaving is so minimal, and it's really worth the extra money.''' ,'''I have so much respect for people in the service. The mental strength it takes to do what they do is unbelievable.''' ,'''The way I eat is a heavy statement on my belief system. I eat cruelty-free. It is my way of being able to take a stand against doing harm to any living creature.''' ,'''Before anyone learns my last name, they always assume I have some type of Latin background in me somewhere. I love it! I think the Latin culture is sexy. It's one of my goals to learn to speak Spanish one day; then I will really be able to fool people!''' ,'''I was worried for a while that it was some sort of reflection of me that all I seemed to be getting were these characters that were a tad bit loony. But I love it. Those are the most fun characters to play!''' ,'''I feel like - and maybe you're going to think I'm crazy for saying this - 'Vampire Diaries' has crazy fans, 'Pretty Little Liars' has crazy fans, but I swear to you, I have never met crazier fans than 'One Tree Hill's.''' ,'''Fernanda Andrade and Daphne Zuniga are two beautiful, inspiring women I met and became very close with while living in L.A. Daphne's father is from Central America, and Fernanda is originally from Brazil.''' ,'''My mom actually would not allow me to watch 'Dawson's Creek!'''' ,'''Obviously I ask my family and loved ones for advice here and there, but I kind of have a rule with the people I love that surround me - close family and close friends - that unless I ask for it, I don't really want advice thrown out.''' ,'''I was always a performer.''' ,'''I work out as much as I can.''' ,'''When I became aware of how inhumane it is to test on animals, I made a commitment not to buy anything that was.''' ,'''I enjoy eating so much. I eat for happiness, fuel, and nourishment.''' ,'''There were a lot of kids from Puerto Rico at my high school in Florida; people always assumed I was Puerto Rican. Even now in California, I get talked to on the street in Spanish constantly!''' ,'''For me, calling my mom really helps soothe me when I'm spiraling. Having someone to talk to, whether it's a therapist, your brother, or a friend, can be such a positive thing.''' ,'''I do have the most adorable little Chihuahua mix. I adopted him about 3 1/2 years ago from Much Love pet adoption, and he has been the love of my life ever since. His name is Beau, or as my sister and I like to call him ' mushy mush' because he truly is just a pile of loving mush that just melts in your arms.''' ,'''I don't buy any leather goods or anything made from animal products - no down, nothing. It's something people should be mindful of.''' ,'''When you cry out in pain from a broken wrist, no one questions it. You just go to the hospital and take the necessary steps. Mental illness is just as real, even if it can't be seen.''' ,'''I love the dancing and the music from Latin cultures. I went to a Flamenco show in Spain once, and it completely took my breath away!''' ,'''It's okay to talk about mental health issues. It's okay to admit that you have anxiety. It doesn't take away from your power. It's totally normal.''' ,'''I have no upper arm strength!''' ,'''I have realized sometimes I do better working under a crazy schedule. It gives me less time to overthink things and forces me to be present.''' ,'''I think that's the biggest misconception when people want to live a more clean, cruelty-free life is, 'I can't do that. It's going to be so hard.' But I say do some research. You'd be surprised!''' ,'''I've always said I would want to be a funeral director if I wasn't an actor.''' ,'''I'm vegan in my fashion and vegetarian in my food.''' ,'''Most Billy Joel songs make me want to cry a little.''' ,'''I love wraps and shawls.''' ,'''Going to Africa was being able to take my volunteering and my passion for hospice one step further.''' ,'''I have sat in with the Burbank Philharmonic and the Topanga Orchestra when they need someone if someone gets sick or something.''' ,'''If I could adopt any zoo animal, it would be a giraffe. I have always loved giraffes. They are so graceful and beautiful to watch.''' ,'''No one deserves to die alone. No matter who you are, you deserve to have someone by your side. And as a volunteer with hospice, we provide that love, comfort, and respect.''' ,'''Hospice has brought such a light in my life. It is something I will be involved with until I need hospice myself.''' ,'''I love salads and vegetable sandwiches.''' ,'''Not only does virtual dissection save animals, it also saves schools money and helps the environment by sparing the use of toxic chemicals typically used to embalm animals.''' ,'''I grew up wanting to entertain.''' ,'''I started playing violin when I was six, so I thought I could be a professional. It wasn't until I was 15 when I got into acting classes and realized this was what I wanted to do.''' ,'''Having a mental illness does not mean you're weak or can't handle life. You can have a mental illness and deal with it and still be a powerful, confident woman.''' ,'''I just think people are so used to seeing me on shows like 'Vampire Diaries' and 'Pretty Little Liars,' which are more geared toward teens. But in reality, I could have a 12-year-old kid.''' ,'''There's a lot more people out there than you would think who cannot differentiate between TV and reality. I do think there's a lot of people out there who think I'm a nasty human being.''' ,'''I got followed by the paparazzi because they thought I was Shannyn Sossamon.''' ,'''With my family as my audience, I used to sing, dance, and reenact every scene from 'Grease,' 'Newsies' and 'Les Miserables' as many times as they would let me.''' ,]
+++