+++
author = "Bobby Deol"
title = "Bobby Deol Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Bobby Deol Quotes"
keywords = "bobby deol,bobby deol quotes,bobby deol quote,bobby deol sayings,bobby deol saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You can be happy when you feel happy from inside, and when you have worked, you are your happiest.''' ,'''I agree I was rash and got totally out of hand when I was a teenager, but I took hold of my life.''' ,'''Suneel Darshan is the kind of director I'd want to work with repeatedly.''' ,'''I was never bullied because I was Dharmendra's son.''' ,'''My two sons adore me. They've made me more responsible.''' ,'''I don't want to create any particular kind of image; I just want to do different types of films.''' ,'''I am not superhuman, and we all feel insecure at times.''' ,'''My father and brother always forced me to work out, and I never liked doing it.''' ,'''Yes, I do believe that human beings are not perfect.''' ,'''As an actor, I go with the flow.''' ,'''My dad is a true man. A man's man. Every manly thing he does, he does so well.''' ,'''Isn't nearly every Hindi film a rehash of some movie or the other?''' ,'''I think you have to always stay focused and positive. If your positive energy dies out, like it happened to me for some time, then you can't do anything.''' ,'''Social media can blow anything out of proportion.''' ,'''I believe that everyone has good days and bad days, but you can't let the bad times beat you down.''' ,'''There is a sense of comfort working with Abbas-Mustan.''' ,'''Life is really good for me.''' ,'''Contrary to perceptions, I am completely devoted to my work, though I don't go around tom-tomming my commitment.''' ,''''Aashiq' is a romantic film, even though my character is a rather aggressive guy. You could even call it an intense romance. And working with Indra Kumar has been an excellent experience. He is a great director.''' ,'''When I'm at home with my family, I am at peace. I enjoy that the most.''' ,'''Salman is a motivation himself. He has fire within him.''' ,'''Items numbers have become a part of movies.''' ,'''My father belongs to a different generation altogether. He has spent most of his time working hard to make our lives comfortable, and ours is more of a conventional father-son relationship rather than one of friends.''' ,'''The entire team of 'Race 3' is really happy because the film is doing good business at the box office.''' ,'''A film only works when its content works. The visuals can be breathtaking, but if the content is not good, it won't work.''' ,'''I disliked people calling me a chocolate hero initially, as I wanted to explore other genres of acting.''' ,'''As an actor, you want to work every day of your life. You have to work hard, look and think positive, and the work just starts coming your way.''' ,'''I miss my family all the time.''' ,'''I have grown up looking up to my dad and bhaiya.''' ,'''Dad says do whatever your heart says is right, and I am following this in my career. I feel lucky that he is my dad.''' ,'''I do discuss things with him, but as a father, not a friend.''' ,'''In 'Poster Boys,' every character is well defined.''' ,'''My audiences love watching my films.''' ,'''I am very close to my dad. I respect him a lot, and now I am very open with him.''' ,'''All actors may not be stars, but all stars are actors, and I can vouch for that.''' ,'''Fathers always give tips. My dad also gives me, but at the end, he says the decision has to be mine.''' ,'''I'm very chilled out and like to take things at my own pace.''' ,'''Not working makes you ill, sad, depressed. It ages you.''' ,'''I hate giving interviews.''' ,'''Ideally, I'd like to keep a balance between action and romantic roles.''' ,'''Being a parent is a huge responsibility. Your child becomes the centre of your world.''' ,'''I am not considering shifting my image from action to comedy or romantic comedy. I have done or am doing films which are action-oriented: comedy roles and romantic-comedy roles.''' ,'''If you're healthy, you feel good about life.''' ,'''I don't believe in pushing myself in this industry where people do anything to gain what they want.''' ,'''I just like to be at home with my family.''' ,'''I know a lot of actors use media just to garner publicity. I keep away from all this.''' ,'''Good films will run, and people will watch it irrespective of whether it is suspense or a comedy.''' ,'''An actor is always looking for something. When your luck improves, trends change, you get one of those roles that do very well, sometimes even your worst work becomes a super success. So one can never predict what will happen tomorrow.''' ,'''Every film has its destiny.''' ,'''If other members of the Hindi film fraternity are doing aggressive promotional campaigns, then I can do the same.''' ,'''Stage shows help you meet the audiences face-to-face.''' ,'''The only actor-director I have worked with in my career is my brother in his film 'Dillagi,' and he got the best out of me.''' ,'''Dad's easy to get along with. He always has suggestions, and I'm more than happy to be guided by him.''' ,'''I've become a huge fan of small films and realistic roles.''' ,'''I am not really trying to act like my dad.''' ,'''I am the son of Punjab-da-puttar after all.''' ,'''I can't think of any actor who doesn't have a flop in his career.''' ,'''You can't say that I am choosy. You can say that I work in few films at a time.''' ,'''In 'Poster Boys,' I played a character that no one would have thought that I could portray. The film helped me focus on work, and I worked so hard on it that even though it didn't do well, I didn't let it bring me down.''' ,'''It's not just the actor who's responsible for a film becoming a hit. A whole lot of work and people are involved in it.''' ,''''Ajnabee' is a thriller. I play a married man trapped by mysterious circumstances. The film does have a lot of romance and action, but it's not based on 'Consenting Adults.'''' ,'''I'm quite a shy person.''' ,'''Our entire family is shy. Apart from film promotions, we do not believe in staying in the limelight.''' ,'''Only the right films work.''' ,'''I learn from my family. And it's not like I learn from them on the sets only.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an actor. My father inspired me since I was three years old.''' ,'''I have done all kinds of roles - comedy, action, romance, and thrillers. Just name the genre, and I've done it.''' ,'''I just want to do films which I enjoy doing and the audience will too like it watching.''' ,'''You never know what clicks at the box office. It's very unpredictable.''' ,'''It is always great to work with Papa and bhaiya.''' ,'''It's important that I work with good people.''' ,'''Every actor believes in his way of performing.''' ,'''What do you work for? To be able to buy things for your family, keep them happy. What's the point of working and earning if you can't spend time with them?''' ,'''I'd rather have the media as my friends than making use of them for my own benefit.''' ,'''You can be a kid of a star or be a normal child coming from a non-filmy family, but you still have to work hard.''' ,'''My greatest career mistake is giving interviews.''' ,'''We Deols think from the heart. We lack business acumen.''' ,'''I am not cut out to do too many films at a time.''' ,'''I'm a chilled-out guy, and I really like sports and to play badminton and squash.''' ,'''Every actor gets an image without wanting one. A lot of romantic heroes want an action hero tag, but they are unable to succeed even though their films are good.''' ,'''I really look up to my dad.''' ,'''As a family, we are all very close, so we all know what we all are doing. Other than that, we don't see why we should be talking about our private lives and keep it an open book.''' ,'''Every love story or Hindi film has the same story, but what makes it different is the treatment it's given. Much depends on how it is stylised, how the characters are moulded, and how the story is treated.''' ,'''Living up to the Deol surname means being tough, and this is a big challenge in itself.''' ,'''Remakes are happening for a long time, and it is happening in the West, too. I don't believe anything is wrong in that.''' ,'''I try to space out my films.''' ,'''As a child, I saw how the industry's sweet-talkers operate. For years, they tried to make my father feel like he was the best actor in the whole world. My father never took them seriously. I, too, imbibed that trait from him.''' ,'''What I am really happy with is the way fans feel about me, and they are able to come up and talk to me, as they feel really comfortable with me.''' ,'''Cinema is diversifying; there's room for every kind of cinema today.''' ,'''Definitely, I hope I am part of 'Race 4.'''' ,'''I don't want to do just anything on screen and get frustrated watching myself in a film.''' ,'''I have done so many films in which either I have been the main lead or part of the supporting cast.''' ,'''I don't want to be typecast.''' ,'''There are films which are good, but sometimes it doesn't work at the box office.''' ,'''While doing 'Jhoom Barabar Jhoom' with Abhishek, I never thought about my dad's and Amitabhji's hit 'Jodi.' I just play my character and don't think about history and the future.''' ,'''I have seen both versions of 'The Italian Job' and loved both of them.''' ,'''Every day of your life is struggle. You are always struggling to achieve more and more. So one can never say, 'I am not struggling.'''' ,'''My brother is a great actor. Just because he doesn't harp about his achievements, people don't talk about his work.''' ,'''I believe you must enjoy every phase of your life.''' ,'''I'm lucky to have such an illustrious family. We love each other and have immense respect for each other.''' ,]
+++