+++
author = "Norman Reedus"
title = "Norman Reedus Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Norman Reedus Quotes"
keywords = "norman reedus,norman reedus quotes,norman reedus quote,norman reedus sayings,norman reedus saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had fears going into television that it might become boring to me, and I always like to be challenged, push myself. You do a film, and you know where you're going; you have this material to stretch and play with as much as possible because you know how it ends.''' ,'''I'm a T-shirt-and-Levi's type of a guy.''' ,'''People are pretty strange.''' ,'''I'm one of those people who can watch a stupid movie and end up crying.''' ,'''I'm still insecure, but when I first started acting, I was really insecure. I glared at a lot of people. I assumed everyone hated me. Somehow that scowl has turned into an acting career.''' ,'''I'm constantly running away from everything. I'm running away from things on a daily basis. I run away from relationships. I run away from responsibilities.''' ,'''I basically eat a lot of proteins, and I've been eating smaller portions of food. I try to eat all locally raised and organic produce.''' ,'''I don't think anyone wants to cuddle a zombie.''' ,'''I'm more of a listener than a talker.''' ,'''I used to hang out with a bunch of old punk rockers when I was a little kid.''' ,'''I've shot films in locations that have seemed haunted. I shot a film in a maximum-security prison in Russia. Part of it was on a psychiatric ward - there were definitely some creepy vibes there.''' ,'''Yelling Irish, you can sound like an angry Leprechaun.''' ,'''If a woman is dishonest, that kills it for me. I can't even talk to her anymore.''' ,'''I'm always taking pictures and travelling with a camera and have so many photos that I've done a book.''' ,'''Oh, I love horror movies, yeah.''' ,'''Peanut Butter Wolf is my relaxing music, my lunch music, my chilling music.''' ,'''I'm certainly honest - and I can be socially awkward.''' ,'''I've been into Sonic Youth since junior high school. I think I kind of have ADD, so it's good music for ADD because it just throws you in different directions all the time. I really like Kim Gordon's voice and Thurston Moore's voice, and I like the guitars going off on tangents.''' ,'''You do a film and you know where you're going, you have this material to stretch and play with as much as possible because you know how it ends.''' ,'''I did a film called 'Floating' early on that had a scene which was similar to a real-life situation I was in at the time. It involved me having a conversation with my father, who was dying. It was close to home and it made me realise acting wasn't just making faces for the cameras, it was a real art form.''' ,'''I've always said it's interesting to watch devils cry when angels want to stab you in the back. I like that mixture.''' ,'''I've been camping and stuff, but if you left me in the woods I'd probably just curl up and cry until someone found me.''' ,'''I have a cartoon I'm developing with Adult Swim called 'Monster Town U.S.A.,' so I'm busy doing that. Trying to do a coffee-table book of my photography that's been requested of me a couple of times. I'm constantly busy.''' ,'''I'm so fortunate, it's ridiculous.''' ,'''I've been a huge Psychedelic Furs fan for a long time. I love Butler's paintings, too. I like all their songs. I'll even crank 'Pretty in Pink,' I don't care.''' ,'''I followed a girl I met in Japan to Los Angeles and ended up working in a motorcycle store. I quit the job one night, went to a party in the Hollywood Hills and ended up yelling at a bunch of people. Someone saw me yelling and asked me to be in a play. The first night, there was an agent in the audience who took me on and sent me out for jobs.''' ,'''I'm one of those guys that - as far as relationships and stuff go - if you smile at me, I'm like, 'Let's date for three years' - which is just ridiculous.''' ,'''In my trailer, I work out with free weights and do situps and push-ups. I'm just trying to stay lean and active looking.''' ,'''When you do television, you have this opportunity to drop these subtle hints everywhere. The way you say things, for example, sometimes those seeds turn into trees.''' ,'''Damaged people gravitate towards damaged people.''' ,'''I'm constantly busy.''' ,'''I'm not afraid to take chances or go off on my own.''' ,'''I think violence has always been popular, way before movies started being made.''' ,'''I've had shows as a painter, as a photographer, I've done shows as a sculptor. I've done a lot of different things and it all comes from experiences that you have in your life, in your creative environment. They all help - I don't even know if they help; maybe they make it worse but they all influence each other, for sure.''' ,'''I like people who push the envelope.''' ,'''I don't have a mullet, but going into season one on 'The Walking Dead,' I asked to have a mullet, and everybody talked me out of it. Because I'd have to wear a mullet when we were not shooting every day. I have that motorcycle, wings on my vest, the crossbow... Maybe a mullet would've thrown me over the edge.''' ,'''You can't not look cool with a crossbow.''' ,'''I went camping one time when I was twelve, to the Great Lakes. My friend stepped in really deep muddy water and started screaming and sinking. My mom ran up, and I was just standing there a foot away and wouldn't stick out my hand to pull him up. So I'm probably not the best person to take on a camping trip.''' ,'''I love smashing stuff.''' ,'''The dogs with the loudest bark are the ones that are most afraid.''' ,'''I saw 'True Blood' once, and I like the jazzy feel of it and stuff.''' ,'''I think it's interesting to have a cool character not look so cool, you know?''' ,'''Oh I love horror movies, yeah. I think my favorite movie growing up was 'The Omen.' I actually wanted to be that little kid.''' ,]
+++