+++
author = "Scott Kelby"
title = "Scott Kelby Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Scott Kelby Quotes"
keywords = "scott kelby,scott kelby quotes,scott kelby quote,scott kelby sayings,scott kelby saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I touch up photos so people look as good in their photographs as they did in real life.''' ,'''Photography is usually viewed as a solitary activity, but the truth of the matter is that people love to shoot together, compare notes, and just have fun with photography.''' ,'''NAPP was created as a resource for people who are serious about Photoshop. NAPP is designed to keep our members on the cutting edge of the latest developments, tips, and tricks used by some of the most accomplished Photoshop professionals.''' ,'''People who are new to photography always pull their subjects directly into the sun, which is the most unflattering light in the world.''' ,'''If you met Faith Hill in person, you would think she's absolutely beautiful. And when you take her picture, you will see every flaw that you never saw in person. Those flaws not only become visible but magnified.''' ,'''It's hard to understand why just walking around for two hours and taking pictures would be just a big deal, but once you try it, you'll fall in love with it.''' ,'''If I were talking to someone, I'd look at their eyes, not at the blemish on the side of their face. But as soon as you open up that photo on a 30-inch monitor, you'd say, 'Oh my gosh, where did that come from?'''' ,'''Digital photography makes you a better photographer.''' ,'''My belief is that every single major magazine cover is retouched. I don't know how they couldn't be.''' ,'''I find a place I love and want to tell people about it. Same thing with Photoshop tips. When I discover a cool tip, I can't keep it to myself.''' ,'''People want something that's going to really separate them - something that will help them keep the job they have, get a new job, and advance their careers.''' ,'''I don't think there's a Photoshop professional out there that doesn't owe a significant chunk of their expertise - and a big debt of gratitude - to Bruce Fraser. He almost single-handedly shaped the way we work with color, how we process RAW images in Photoshop, and even how we sharpen our photos.''' ,'''You're shooting the quarterback, and he drops back to pass the ball, and you see the ball leave his hand at 10 frames per second. At 7 frames per second, the ball's already gone.''' ,]
+++