+++
author = "Willie Aames"
title = "Willie Aames Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Willie Aames Quotes"
keywords = "willie aames,willie aames quotes,willie aames quote,willie aames sayings,willie aames saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't think you need to go looking for the enemy. He's going to look for you.''' ,'''I remember thinking, That's what I need - and that hope was in Jesus Christ.''' ,'''I think that in the Christian community, we're lacking a lot of things, and I don't know that it's just children's role models.''' ,'''I want kids to understand that strength doesn't come from what goes on around you. It comes from inside you, and that comes from Jesus Christ.''' ,'''Being stubborn can be a good thing. Being stubborn can be a bad thing. It just depends on how you use it.''' ,'''There is no other person on the face of this planet that I would rather sit and talk to than my wife.''' ,'''I didn't become an actor because I wanted to act. Actually, I wanted to become a marine biologist. But most of all, I wanted to be accepted.''' ,'''I think people who are artists, actors, singers, great songwriters, they tend to have a hyper state of emotion where they feel things very, very deeply, probably more deeply than the average person walking down the street where it may affect them, but not to the same extent.''' ,'''This is an exact replica of my chest.''' ,'''Cruise director is - I always laugh and say, 'He's the ship's liver,' because almost everything you can think of filters through you at some point.''' ,'''Nobody makes me laugh like my wife.''' ,'''When you're a celebrity, people think they know you, but they don't have a clue.''' ,'''God continues to work miracles in my life.''' ,'''My pastor said, Just because you were a celebrity doesn't mean you're supposed to be a celebrity now.''' ,'''I never dreamed I would want to be or become a financial advisor.''' ,'''I wanted to leave 'Eight Is Enough' for the Navy.''' ,'''This is not what I would have chosen. But I have a heart to be obedient.''' ,'''I have a strong work ethic.''' ,'''There are things God does for me daily, and it throws me into brain lock, because I know in my heart I don't deserve that kind of grace. I don't deserve that break.''' ,'''I started running away when I was five years old. It wasn't until I was an adult that I realized what I really wanted was somebody to come after me when I was running away.''' ,'''Everything can change. You can always have hope.''' ,'''No matter how I might feel about myself or my self-image, there is still a part of me that wants to fight to the end.''' ,'''I got married at a very young age, and of course, for all the wrong reasons, and ended up divorced and lost everything. It was a very difficult time in my life.''' ,'''This show has been a major revitalization of my family life and personal life. It gave my family an avenue to speak to me honestly.''' ,'''If there's comfort involved, it's probably not for me.''' ,'''The Jews know who they are as a people. The Christians have not come together as a people yet.''' ,'''We're seeing how the videos translate to the live shows and how the technology is really reaching kids.''' ,'''I didn't want to be the typical teen idol. I didn't want to be Leif Garrett. I didn't want to be Shaun Cassidy, David Cassidy or Parker Stevenson. I wanted to do my own thing.''' ,'''When you go through a traumatic event, there's a lot of shame that comes with that. A lot of loss of self-esteem. That can become debilitating.''' ,''''Give up... it's time to quit,' I don't think I've ever really accepted those kinds of words in my life or vocabulary.''' ,'''I suppose what's unique about our presentation is the amount of Scripture that kids get.''' ,'''I get scared to death when I see people who say they've found Jesus Christ, and they're out there, and I wonder, who's teaching them? Who's mentoring them?''' ,'''I never thought I was particularly talented, and to be honest with you, I still don't.''' ,'''I never thought of myself as handsome.''' ,'''I never learned to study in studio school, so I had to teach myself to study.''' ,'''When you're in that scene, you really wonder if this is all you're ever going to be. You know how vile and filthy you are inside.''' ,'''My wife bought an extra life insurance policy on me.''' ,'''We've been called, and He has blessed.''' ,'''They did interviews with my wife and daughter-they were genuinely in fear of me having a heart attack, working 20 hours a day, eating fast food.''' ,'''I've watched a lot of my friends die, everyone from John Belushi, River Phoenix to Chris Farley. It just keeps going on and on.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I didn't know there was a world outside of California.''' ,'''Pray for your mate. Ask God to soften your heart and show you ways to be a better spouse.''' ,'''I'm cleaning toilets for $30 a day, because I needed that $30, and people are pointing at me, saying, Look at the big movie star. Look where he is now. I just said, I'm where God put me.''' ,'''I tell kids that people will let them down and people will hurt them. But Jesus Christ will never let them down and never hurt them.''' ,'''Being a teen idol or being a heartthrob on all the magazines, with Shaun Cassidy, Leif Garrett, and Scott Baio - it was embarrassing! I never understood it. I mean, why me? I never really got it.''' ,'''I always felt as though, 'If nothing else, I have a successful marriage.'''' ,'''I had never really pictured myself working in children's ministries. I always figured I would be more comfortable with maybe teens or adult ministries.''' ,'''I realized there was very little in Hollywood I would ever feel comfortable doing. If I kept one foot there and one foot in my Christianity, I would never grow.''' ,'''Since I was 9, I'd been told what to say, what to think.''' ,'''I think there are people that have very addictive personalities.''' ,'''Hollywood has always been good to me. I've never blamed Hollywood for my problems.''' ,'''God gives me the children's ministry heart and patience. This is what He wants. It's awesome. I don't know where He's gonna take it - but God is building this thing.''' ,'''We produce programs that honor God and impact our world.''' ,'''I've always been pretty tough in that way, where if you tell me I can't do something, I will prove you wrong.''' ,'''There's a tendency for people to think that celebrities do whatever they want, spend whatever they want, and it's completely out of control. While some of that may be true, I've never met a celebrity who threw caution to the wind and thought they could do anything. That's not the thought process.''' ,'''When somebody comes to your front door, and they're screaming obscenities at you and telling you to come outside, and you've had your life threatened several times, you take it pretty seriously. It's the reason I have a Rottweiler.''' ,'''We've both been married before and our previous experiences made us fearful of commitment.''' ,'''It's easy to be led astray when you're so broken. People take advantage of you.''' ,'''I lived to make Scott Baio laugh.''' ,'''I think as Christians we have to sponsor a national Lighten-Up Day.''' ,'''I spent six years in Bible study because I needed to get grounded. People really need to spend time in the Bible getting to know the God they claim to love.''' ,'''I had older brothers and sisters who were high achievers, and I felt different, misunderstood by my family. That's not my family's fault; it was my perception.''' ,]
+++