+++
author = "Jillian Hervey"
title = "Jillian Hervey Quotes"
quotes_len = "74"
description = "the best 74 Jillian Hervey Quotes"
keywords = "jillian hervey,jillian hervey quotes,jillian hervey quote,jillian hervey sayings,jillian hervey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I document my life and archive the things that are important and remind me of what my specific energy brings to the world.''' ,'''I've always wanted to go to Phuket in Thailand.''' ,'''Eyeliner is a go-to for me, and gold has always been a color that I really like. It's reminiscent of a lion; it's a strong color.''' ,'''I studied structured improv, where you start from one position and see where it takes you. I like spontaneity. If you set yourself up to do the same thing every night, you may not connect as well to a different audience.''' ,'''I never walk into a room and say, 'Hi! I am Vanessa Williams' daughter.' It helps me to become more authentic.''' ,'''I think anytime with your mom, whether she's famous or not, you're watching what she's doing when you're growing up. She also taught me the basics: Make sure you use a good moisturizing shampoo and conditioner, and then use a detangler to comb through your hair. And don't overdo the heat styling.''' ,'''Fake eyelashes can instantly give me a more dramatic look and also help to accentuate my eyes, which are a focal point to achieving the Lion Babe look.''' ,'''On the road, I might go to the hotel gym. When I know I won't be dancing or working out, I spend time stretching. You have to stretch every day as a dancer. I do it whenever I can when it's not weird.''' ,'''I like to go super blonde early in the spring because the sun's out and it helps keep that tone.''' ,'''I wasn't even singing when we first started Lion Babe, so my voice has only gotten stronger.''' ,'''I grew up as a dancer, and music and dance are so closely tied that in ballet class, you're listening to all this classical music, and in modern class, you're working with a live drummer. It was something that always made me feel really comfortable, and I've had a connection to since the beginning.''' ,'''I think there's always the whole expectation that men can age and look fine, and girls have to be all conscious. But guys can also keep their skin intact.''' ,'''I've always idolized Diana Ross's hair. Why not have fun, big curls? You see the same sleek waves everywhere.''' ,'''When I first started singing - before 'Treat Me Like Fire' when I was working with a vocal coach - I realized that I wasn't even breathing when I was singing.''' ,'''I'm definitely trying to make songs that people can sing along to and remember. If you can recognize a chorus and leave with it in your head, it's usually a good sign. But then with the verses, I can get a little more free form. I don't really like to copy and paste things.''' ,'''I feel like my Lion Babe look is an embellishment of my everyday look - it's definitely more extravagant and more artistic.''' ,'''When you change something like your hair, the whole world changes also.''' ,'''If I'm going to mix gold and silver, I make my accessories all match.''' ,'''I'm a die-hard lover of high-waisted skirts with crop tops.''' ,'''As a young girl, I definitely struggled with knowing what to do with my hair. I was just in a neighborhood that had mostly white people, and the hair norm was long and sleek and straight. My hair naturally was curly, and I didn't have that many references.''' ,'''The people that have inspired me the most were dancers and choreographers. Even growing up, if I dealt with any pressure to be a certain way, I knew that as an artistic lane, dancing was the one that was a little more freed up - like, no one in my family is really doing that; I can be that person.''' ,'''With dancing, I think the reason it's worked for me, and I love it so much, is because I've trained my entire life. Once you train, you develop your own aesthetic and your confidence. So I think, as I grow, I'm learning how to be a singer. I'm training my voice and being on stage and singing and dancing.''' ,'''Once I learned that some hydrating oil or cream was good for my hair, I thought I should use a lot. So I poured practically a bottle on my head once and learned real fast that more isn't always better. I was so greasy, and it ruined my texture!''' ,'''It was always important to me to be confident and strong with myself. It didn't happen overnight, but I've learned that the only way you can start to control things is if you feel a certain way about yourself.''' ,'''Onstage, I channel my inner goddess. Everyday Jillian is definitely more low-key: jeans and a crop top with a sneaker or boot.''' ,'''I love looking back at my old pictures and pictures of my grandma and my mom and see how they expressed themselves at different parts of their lives, and it just tells an interesting story, so why not play around?''' ,'''I think I'm confident because I'm free, I challenge myself, and I stick to what I do.''' ,'''I love vintage Chanel and Prada. When I was growing up, my mum had a Prada backpack, which she's now given to me. I love it because it reminds me of when I was little.''' ,'''Londoners always seem to be fearless and more willing to have fun with their look. New Yorkers tend to play it safer - sticking with neutrals and black. In London, people aren't afraid to mix patterns and colours.''' ,'''My friends make me laugh: funny Instagram videos, but mostly people falling over. It's so bad, but it never gets old. I just love how people cover up their falls. The whole experience of 'Oh, I just fell, and I'm going to run out of the fall and pretend I did this on purpose.' I just like to see how people cover up their mishaps.''' ,'''I feel more comfortable performing when I'm wearing something crazy. I grew up in the '90s, so I love a choker and platform shoes like the Spice Girls wore.''' ,'''To be honest, I'm in love with denim. It hasn't been my go-to Lion Babe look, but it's very much my 'everyday Jillian look.' I am in denim every single day.''' ,'''If I wash my hair in the morning, then I usually air-dry it. In warmer weather, if I walk my dog, by the time I am back in, it is usually nice and dry!''' ,'''When I was younger, I thought that straight hair was, like, the only thing. So I was trying to be like Naomi Campbell or Tyra Banks. I didn't know that people would add hair for more length. I'm like, 'Oh all these people just have natural hair like this.' I obviously grew up and figured out that everyone does something to their hair.''' ,'''For dance recitals, my mom would do my makeup all extravagant because obviously I was really little and where else would I be wearing makeup? We would always be in her bathroom before the dance recital, and she'd do our hair and makeup.''' ,'''The best thing we've learned is when you are attempting to write a full song, write a full song that day. When we first started, we would have great ideas, but there's something about a moment and a vibe that's being created in time that when you return to it, it sometimes works, and it sometimes doesn't.''' ,'''I can't leave anywhere without making my bed; it's ingrained.''' ,'''I went through so many phases when I was young - surfer girl, tom boy, punk - but they weren't mistakes, just moments.''' ,'''Both of my mom's parents were music teachers, so I got a lot of knowledge about everything from classical music to jazz to musicals.''' ,'''A brown lip liner will affect a red lipstick differently than a red lip liner.''' ,'''I don't think there's anything wrong with a little sweat. I'm always moving, so it's normal for me, and it actually makes my curly hair better because it gives it a bit more texture and volume.''' ,'''I love a lot of the '70s singers: Pam Grier from the 'Foxy Brown' movie, Diana Ross, Tina Turner. They've always been able to embrace their hair, and they've never been afraid to take risks and go all out and make it thick and fun and a statement at the same time.''' ,'''I always think about how Chaka Khan used to take suede, all these classic fabrics, and then make them very movable. She's my everything!''' ,'''It's really exciting to be a voice for girls with curls.''' ,'''My mood board is archival images of Brigitte Bardot and Iman, and Naomi Campbell in the '90s.''' ,'''I really like the resurgence of the '90s vibe, and you can't go wrong with a Canadian Tuxedo. I never think it's bad to layer denim, whether it's colors or shapes.''' ,'''My first kiss was at a sleep-away camp, and it was very awkward and over quickly. And that was that. It was just the weirdest thing, and I thought, 'That was it? Get out of here!' I didn't even know his last name.''' ,'''We travel so much, I never adjust to time zones any more.''' ,'''I grew up always wanting to be a dancer, and when I went to New York, I fell in love with the idea of performing in all ways. I saw myself traveling with a company or making my own work and being a little weird. I wasn't thinking about the business side of anything; I just knew that I loved dancing.''' ,'''I kept extensions in until I finished high school. Although, once I got to college, that's when it all started to shift. I think it was just growing up and moving to New York, where I saw so many different people, vibes, and looks, and everyone really owned it. That led me to feel more free, take more risks, and go back into my natural hair.''' ,'''I think for women, especially women of colour, hair has so much to do with our identity and our confidence levels. I've made a conscious choice after growing up and feeling insecure and trying to achieve this look that actually wasn't me, where I've finally stopped relaxing my hair and went back to my natural texture.''' ,'''I grew up just outside New York City in a very white town. In seventh grade, I got called Macy Gray. It really affected me, so I got a weave and wore my hair straight.''' ,'''Mascara, in general, is just so good if you don't have anything else. It just makes eyes pop.''' ,'''For a long time, I thought of singing as my mom's thing. I loved it, but I thought of dance as my thing.''' ,'''Women are such incredible people. We're so multifaceted, we're so interesting, and any opportunity to celebrate that - because there's been many years of not being able to - and expose what it's like to be female and how we can be whoever we want to be, and do whatever we want to do, is great.''' ,'''My mom has always just been one of those people who handle adversity and challenges, and really everything, with so much grace and elegance. I saw it all the time.''' ,'''Around shows, when we're doing really strenuous stuff on my hair - styling with heat, adding things, braiding things, pinning things - I like to give my scalp and my hair a rest. We usually have a show once a week or so, so I try to deep condition with Pantene Daily 3 Minute Miracle Deep Conditioner once a week.''' ,'''It's definitely a little bit ironic being known for my hair because, as a little girl, I had no idea what I was doing with it. I was insecure about it. I didn't have as many references to curly girls, and I wanted to just fit in with all my other friends.''' ,'''When I was a young girl, I wasn't always trying to have curly hair.''' ,'''As a dancer, you're told not to go into it for the money.''' ,'''I've never seen the allure of being famous, because I know what that's like. It's part of work.''' ,'''One of my favorite things from my mom is a chocolate brown three-piece Chanel outfit. I had it tailored because she taught me the importance of fit.''' ,'''When I first started Lion Babe, I wore a lot of denim to perform in because I had a limited closet. A lot of the time, I was in cutoff shorts - either dark or light denim - and then I would pair them with whatever top I had.''' ,'''For me, it's about being comfortable... but I can feel comfortable in a thong leotard and on stage. Growing up as a dancer, that's how I'm comfortable in my body. It's about where you grew up and those things; it's a way of communicating your spirit to the world.''' ,'''I think the key to beautiful, frizz-free curls in the summer is to keep hair healthy. It's really the strength of your hair that causes frizz, not humidity, so it's really important to me that I keep my curls strong and moisturized to protect my hair from breakage and frizz. It definitely gives my whole summer look a new life!''' ,'''I never really sang for anyone, apart from in the shower or with my best friend. I was shy. I didn't want to take voice lessons. I knew I could sing, but I just didn't tell anyone.''' ,'''In the summer months, I like as little makeup as possible - I don't want to be too painted. I might put a little cover-up to smooth everything out.''' ,'''Half of my family is in Los Angeles, so my cousin was the first person to play me, like, Snoop Dogg, and I would always feel like, 'OMG, I shouldn't be listening to this,' and my other cousin was the first to introduce me to Aaliyah, so every time I'd go to the West Coast, I'd get those West Coast vibes.''' ,'''I have a lot of lion jewellery and lion art. I also love crystals.''' ,'''Coconut oil is a must for everything. It is fresh from the earth, so it naturally works to moisturize my scalp, skin, hair and even helps to remove eye makeup. It also smells delicious. You can buy it at a beauty store or the grocery store.''' ,'''I've been dancing since I was two, learning so many different styles. I like dancing to rap and hip-hop, but also the Strokes, the Hives, and the Vines with carefree randomness. There's always a way to move to something.''' ,'''I'm fascinated by animals and couldn't live without Dewy, my Boston bulldog.''' ,'''Just coming from a musical family, I was always surrounded by it. On the car rides to school, my mom loved playing A Tribe Called Quest and the Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band,' and then my dad was listening to a lot of Bill Withers and Stevie Wonder.''' ,'''You definitely need to have red lipstick no matter what. You can have a great outfit, but it will always give you that extra little pop. I also love perfume. It doesn't even matter what the perfume is. I like to smell sweet.''' ,]
+++