+++
author = "Hasnat Khan"
title = "Hasnat Khan Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Hasnat Khan Quotes"
keywords = "hasnat khan,hasnat khan quotes,hasnat khan quote,hasnat khan sayings,hasnat khan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Generally, I do not talk about people - family or friends. This is how I am.''' ,'''I think Princess Diana enjoyed it here in Pakistan immensely. She had a good time. But she never came to my family home. She came to my home in Lahore instead.''' ,'''Both my parents, grandmother and all close relatives who met Diana liked her very much, and my parents and grandmother never objected to our relationship. They were very much happy for us to make a decision ourselves and made it clear they would support it 100 per cent. We both had their blessing.''' ,'''I have a Bachelor in medicine, a Bachelor in surgery, and I am a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons.''' ,'''Diana introduced me to Princes William and Harry. Diana just wanted her sons to know what was happening in her life.''' ,'''There is no way at all that Diana was mentally unstable. There is nothing wrong with expecting your husband to be faithful and being angry when he isn't. Diana had every reason to believe that Charles and Camilla never stopped seeing each other.''' ,'''Really, I am just a guy who likes his profession and travelling and good food, and that is it. I'm no different from you or anyone else.''' ,'''I always wanted to follow in the footsteps of my maternal grandfather, who was a doctor.''' ,'''Diana and I had a very good relationship with no personal problems. The only problem we did have was with the media, and the only place we could have any real privacy was at Kensington Palace, as they could not get to us there.''' ,'''It's been difficult for me to get my head around Diana's death or talk about it. After she died, things were difficult, very difficult. We all have our own traumas and get on with it. But when it's there in your face year in, year out, it's hard.''' ,'''It is very annoying - things have been written by people who didn't know me at all or Princess Diana. They were written by people who never knew me or met me. It did make me angry. I just stopped reading the papers.''' ,]
+++