+++
author = "Michael Clarke"
title = "Michael Clarke Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Michael Clarke Quotes"
keywords = "michael clarke,michael clarke quotes,michael clarke quote,michael clarke sayings,michael clarke saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Guys only really have watches and cars as show pieces, and that's why so many men love their watches - it's our show piece, it's our style. And what I like especially about Hublot is the variety.''' ,'''I don't think Sir Michael Clarke suits me at all, no.''' ,'''There are parts of the game you always miss. I have missed the competitive spirit, competing against the opposition. But I have really enjoyed time away from cricket.''' ,'''I hope we win every game we play, but the reality is it can't happen.''' ,'''I don't feel any more pressure or expectation because I'm captain. I want to win.''' ,'''Sangakkara was a force and an absolute gentleman of the game.''' ,'''Twenty20 cricket is fantastic. I love it, especially how fast it is.''' ,'''I've shown throughout my career that I have always put representing my state and country first and foremost. I love what I do.''' ,'''As a captain you probably take it more personally when the team doesn't have as much success as you would like, which probably just makes me work harder.''' ,'''Afridi has been a wonderful player for Pakistan.''' ,'''I've never scored an easy hundred, it's always been tough, especially against a very good attack.''' ,'''The way I've been brought up to play cricket, the captain has always taken accountability for success and defeat.''' ,'''When you win the toss and bowl, the result always dictates whether you'll be criticised or applauded.''' ,'''I love Indian food and I love biryani.''' ,'''I don't give my body the chance to stop and do nothing, just in case it likes it too much. I train five days a week, minimum once a day.''' ,'''Conditions dictate how much fast bowling you face compared to how much spin you face.''' ,'''The IPL deserves a lot of credit for introducing and growing T20 cricket.''' ,'''Your greatest strength can be your greatest weakness.''' ,'''I have always enjoyed my time coming to India. It is a country where I have always felt welcome and I don't mind the spices, I can deal with it.''' ,'''When somebody questions or insults my integrity and my credibility that's not for sale.''' ,'''We always talk about single mothers; the challenges they face. But the single father faces challenges as well.''' ,'''I remember the 2015 World Cup looking up at the scoreboard and seeing that big Hublot sign and that clock and I just think it's a real compliment to the game of cricket.''' ,'''I'd love to play in the Big Bash at some stage.''' ,'''I think what I love most about the brand of Hublot - obviously the quality of watches speak for themselves - but the brand is always trying to get better.''' ,'''To me, Virat Kohli is the greatest batsman to have ever played one-day cricket. I have no doubts after seeing what he has achieved for India.''' ,'''You've got to accept in this game that there are going to be tough times.''' ,'''The people who know me know I'm extremely private or try and be as private as I can with my personal life.''' ,'''The hardest batsman to get out. I think Sachin, technically, didn't have a weakness.''' ,'''Every day I'm getting out of bed and trying to become a better player, a better person.''' ,'''When I do well, I don't really feel it for me, I feel it for the people who have supported me through good times, but also through tough times.''' ,'''I think integrity is underrated.''' ,'''I've always loved the water and boats so Whitsundays is magnificent.''' ,'''I was lucky enough to play with some great batsman - Matthew Hayden, Steve Smith, David Warner, Adam Gilchrist, Damien Martyn who was a genius.''' ,'''I live and breathe cricket 24/7.''' ,'''It would be wrong to plan too much ahead of a match. You've got to go with the flow, go with your instincts.''' ,'''My whole career the work I do off the field has given me every chance to have the success I've had on the field, and that won't change.''' ,'''Andrew Symonds went on TV to criticise my leadership. I'm sorry, but he is not a person to judge anyone on leadership.''' ,'''My mum and dad both worked full-time jobs to send my sister and I to public school, and to allow us to play the sports we wanted.''' ,'''After getting dropped from the Australian team, for me it was always just about being the team, it doesn't matter where I bat.''' ,'''I think whoever wins the World Cup deserves the right to be named the number one-one day team in the world.''' ,'''I remember my father, when I was a kid, retiring me on 50. He never used to let me bat past 50. He'd say I had to retire to give the other kids an opportunity.''' ,'''These one-dayers and these Twenty20s is where Virat Kohli can really stand up and lead from the front.''' ,'''As a parent, I'm absolutely no different to any other father.''' ,'''How much money you have earned is irrelevant because most important thing is to earn and give respect. I think it all starts with how you have been brought up.''' ,'''Respecting every individual is very important. It starts with respecting elders regardless of profession.''' ,'''I will never, ever take for granted scoring a hundred for Australia.''' ,'''I don't want to be restricted in where I field and how I field.''' ,'''There's a lot of similarities with everything I try to do with my cricket - it's no different now to my business. You want to be as good as you possibly can. You get out of bed every day to try to become better. The same applies with Hublot - they want to be the first to achieve things.''' ,'''I don't want to see the Australian players not focus on their preparation and training.''' ,'''I'm never late.''' ,'''I've been lucky enough to play over 100 Test matches for Australia.''' ,'''Lot of people think I have played international cricket for 13 years, but I started at six years of age, so it is 28 years of cricket.''' ,'''Every time I come to India, I know I am going to get some great food.''' ,'''I think I'm extremely lucky to have been able to go through a separation with the mother of my child and us still be great friends.''' ,'''What Kohli and Tendulkar have in common is they love making big hundreds.''' ,'''I think the word respect is underrated.''' ,'''Mate, I don't care about race or colour or sexuality.''' ,'''That's why you train every single day. You want to just bat.''' ,'''To make big runs you've got to bat plenty of time.''' ,'''I always know in advance what I've got coming up. Preparation's important to me - it helps my performance.''' ,'''I think it is important to lead from the front no doubt.''' ,'''It takes a lot of hard work to feel you can walk out onto a ground in an international game and have success and once you get it you want it to stay forever. So you've got to ride that wave for as long as you can.''' ,'''I believe cricket is big part of this country's culture, like all sports but cricket is the most dominant in our country. It is in our blood and even if you don't sit and watch it, the sound of cricket represents summer.''' ,'''You build yourself up for the big series, the big tournaments.''' ,'''Play tough Australian cricket. Whether we like it or not, that's in our blood. If you try and walk away from it, we might be the most liked team in the world, we're not going to win. We won't win a game.''' ,'''What people don't understand is... because I became captain of Australia, I have no say in who gets a contract. Simon Katich was not dropped from a team when I was captain of Australia or when I was a selector.''' ,'''I'm like every other player; you get frustrated that you don't make as many runs as you would like and get frustrated that the team's not having success but that only makes the challenge more exciting.''' ,'''I certainly feel like I've got the support and respect as a player because I've played a lot of international cricket.''' ,'''I'd like to say I'm a very silly man. But I'm not that silly. I'm not throwing any diamond ring down a toilet.''' ,'''When I was younger I cared more about the position I batted.''' ,'''Professional sportspersons are role models, recognized and they have a responsibility. Having said that, everyone makes mistakes and one needs to move on and learn from them.''' ,'''I've always said, in India and England especially, but all around the world, it's hard to start your innings against good attacks.''' ,'''One-day cricket is about the World Cup and Test cricket is about the Ashes.''' ,'''I would love not to take cricket home but I don't do shades of grey. I need to be 100 per cent committed.''' ,'''I never dreamt of captaining Australia. I couldn't care less if I captained Australia or not.''' ,'''Hublot has always been happy to be different, unique and they want to be the first to do things - and they certainly have done that when it comes to cricket.''' ,'''When I look back, I don't know how to put into words how much I owe the game of cricket - it changed my life, made my life and helped mould me into the man I am today.''' ,'''I'm a very organised guy.''' ,'''My dream was to play cricket for Australia. I knew nothing about celebrity until I got stuck with being one.''' ,'''We believe the most important thing is giving back to this game, not just for the players that are playing today but for the future of the game.''' ,'''As captain of the Australian team we will do whatever it takes to make sure this game continues to grow.''' ,'''I've said openly I'd love to take part in the IPL at some stage.''' ,'''I love batting at four.''' ,'''People reckon I'm a show pony but I like to look good. And when I'm not living and breathing cricket, I'd much rather drive a fast car or go shopping for clothes than play golf or go fishing.''' ,'''I was very surprised when Dhoni retired from Test cricket; I thought he would have kept playing. He is a big player and you need big players in big tournaments.''' ,'''I don't want to miss any game for Australia.''' ,'''The things that made me were the highs and the lows - that's what made me the cricketer I was when I retired. And the lows do a lot to give you a real kick up the backside in making sure you never take things for granted.''' ,'''I've always said the game owes me nothing, I owe it everything. I'm thankful I've been able to play it for so long.''' ,'''If one of our players is getting a hard time, we're going to stick up for him.''' ,'''I've never been comfortable with fame and I never will be.''' ,'''I've had three young children close to me - my nephew, niece and my god-daughter - born into the world needing life-saving machines to help them survive.''' ,'''I think cricket is generally known as a very old and traditional sport.''' ,'''I've never been able to comprehend why people are interested in my personal life, cause I'm not like that.''' ,'''I wish I knew myself, when I was playing, with the insight I gained once I found peace and distance from cricket, and fatherhood. I might have enjoyed those last years more.''' ,'''I've always cared that you're comfortable in what you're wearing.''' ,'''Confidence is a vital part of any team and any squad. You have to earn that though.''' ,'''I'm not going to buy a magazine to read about Denzel Washington's personal life.''' ,'''I'm a bit different from your average cricketer.''' ,'''The teams that have won the World Cup, I've looked at them as the No. 1 team in the world.''' ,'''You need to do what's comfortable to you... if it doesn't suit your personality then I wouldn't try to be someone I'm not.''' ,]
+++