+++
author = "Gene Kelly"
title = "Gene Kelly Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Gene Kelly Quotes"
keywords = "gene kelly,gene kelly quotes,gene kelly quote,gene kelly sayings,gene kelly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There is a strange sort of reasoning in Hollywood that musicals are less worthy of Academy consideration than dramas. It's a form of snobbism, the same sort that perpetuates the idea that drama is more deserving of Awards than comedy.''' ,'''I didn't want to be a dancer. I just did it to work my way through college. But I was always an athlete and gymnast, so it came naturally.''' ,'''I think dancing is a man's game and if he does it well he does it better than a woman.''' ,'''I got started dancing because I knew it was one way to meet girls.''' ,'''I arrived in Hollywood twenty pounds overweight and as strong as an ox.''' ,'''I'll never starve.''' ,'''At 14 I discovered girls. At that time dancing was the only way you could put your arm around the girl. Dancing was courtship.''' ,'''My mother had gotten a job as a receptionist at a dancing school and had the idea that we should open our own dancing school; we did, and it prospered.''' ,'''Things danced on the screen do not look the way they do on the stage. On the stage, dancing is three-dimensional, but a motion picture is two-dimensional.''' ,'''I wanted to do new things with dance, adapt it to the motion picture medium.''' ,'''I'd studied dance in Chicago every summer end taught it all winter, and I was well-rounded. I wasn't worried about getting a job on Broadway. In fact, I got one the first week.''' ,'''When Ginger Rogers danced with Astaire, it was the only time in the movies when you looked at the man, not the woman.''' ,'''I still find it almost impossible to relax for more than one day at a time.''' ,]
+++