+++
author = "Johnny Manziel"
title = "Johnny Manziel Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Johnny Manziel Quotes"
keywords = "johnny manziel,johnny manziel quotes,johnny manziel quote,johnny manziel sayings,johnny manziel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I still see myself as young, the same guy I was before I ever won the Heisman. Hopefully my friends still feel I'm the same way. I just want people to know I'm still the same person I've always been.''' ,'''I'm very about football and very about my job, which doesn't get reported or won't get reported, but I am going to enjoy my time off. That's I think what everybody else does, and that's what I should do.''' ,'''I'm a small-town kid from Kerrville, Texas.''' ,'''For me, the NFL is the thing that's always been, kind of somewhat like the Heisman, it's been a dream as a kid to be able to have an opportunity to even be talked about being able to play in the NFL.''' ,'''The thing that's caught me off guard is going to dinner and people asking me for autographs or to take a picture. People coming to my house asking for autographs - that's something I really haven't grasped the whole entirety of yet.''' ,'''It's something you dream about as a kid. Like when you play all those NCAA video games as a kid and you create your own player and win the Heisman with a bunch of crazy numbers. It's the biggest, most prestigious award in college football, so it'd definitely be a dream come true.''' ,'''It's a great group of people here at Texas A&M, and everybody you run into is incredibly polite.''' ,'''The Heisman attention has definitely been a little bit of a surprise. It's been out of my hands. It's something I'm not focused on. I'm focused on the season and trying to win as many games as possible.''' ,'''I don't see myself as Johnny Football.''' ,'''I'm growing up and continuing to learn from my mistakes and trying not to make the same ones over and over again, but am I going to live in a shell, or am I just going to hide from everybody and not do anything? I don't think that's the way I should live my life, and I'm not going to do it.''' ,]
+++