+++
author = "Caroline Garcia"
title = "Caroline Garcia Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Caroline Garcia Quotes"
keywords = "caroline garcia,caroline garcia quotes,caroline garcia quote,caroline garcia sayings,caroline garcia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's true that in tennis sometimes the margins are very thin.''' ,'''But it's always nice to get some compliments, and when you are in a hard situation, it gives you motivation to come back and to prove what the people are saying.''' ,'''It's true there are a lot of frustrations, but it's down to me to try to put them to the side and concentrate on what's essential to me, my game and also to adapt to the opponent.''' ,'''People were saying I should work with a real coach, someone who has experience. But my father has been working with me since I was 12.''' ,'''Some stuff happened outside of tennis, and it made me realize that you just have to think about yourself, just focus on yourself, and don't worry too much about the other things because they can change very fast from positive to negative.''' ,'''If I lose early in the tournament, I can work out and try to improve. When the tournament is done, I'm just trying to get well and work on the recovery for the next day.''' ,'''You have to play your best but you can't overplay.''' ,'''I had other coaches when I was younger but my father was there, following all my training. He has seen as much tennis as many coaches on tour.''' ,'''I would be happy to do more sightseeing. I would love to do more after my tennis career.''' ,'''I just try to play with more focus on myself; I don't worry too much about the other things that maybe gave me too much pressure in the past.''' ,'''In juniors, sometimes you have an easy match. Sometimes the girls can play stupidly. In seniors, every match is complicated. Even if the girl plays stupidly, she'll fight back and try to win.''' ,'''I just eat very simply. I check everything and try to eat a lot of rice and chicken. I just want to be safe and very careful.''' ,'''When mom is cooking, we are more in a routine. You can better relax when you go through things like you usually do. It is more comfortable.''' ,'''I have to continue to work, to keep going, to always fight. This is the way.''' ,]
+++