+++
author = "Oliver Luck"
title = "Oliver Luck Quotes"
quotes_len = "78"
description = "the best 78 Oliver Luck Quotes"
keywords = "oliver luck,oliver luck quotes,oliver luck quote,oliver luck sayings,oliver luck saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Quarterback play is important for every level of football.''' ,'''I put my old player helmet on sometimes.''' ,'''Bust your butt, play hard, have a chance to get great game tape and you'll get a shot in the NFL. We are a league of opportunity.''' ,'''I tend to think that the rising tide lifts all boats, and the folks that are passionate football fans in the D.C. area, whether it's pro or college, I think will have an interest in the XFL.''' ,'''Our players are our human capital and we want to make sure that, while football remains a pretty rough, tough game, that we're doing all that we can to make sure that they're as safe as possible in terms of equipment and penalties.''' ,'''A reporter asked me recently if the driving force behind me coming to Indianapolis was to hang out with my kid. I said to him, 'Nah, it's just sort of lagniappe.' He said, 'What?' I said, 'You don't know what lagniappe means? It's sort of like the extra scoop of ice cream on top of your sundae. It's like a bonus.' Lagniappe. Great word.''' ,'''I can't imagine raising a child with a goal of that child being a baseball player or a lawyer or whatever. Odds are, they'll be something else. In this world, there are a lot of opportunities.''' ,'''He loves the game. He gave it everything he had. What I really admire, though, is he said to me, 'Dad, I just couldn't keep doing it.' That cycle of injury, rehab, injury, rehab just got too much. He didn't want to stick around and begin to resent the game. He wanted to leave the game and still love the game. That's pretty impressive.''' ,'''We've conflated football games with patriotic zeal. I don't think attending a football game is any more patriotic than walking down the street to my local library. It's just another activity we all enjoy.''' ,'''That's what we do as a nation, we're all Monday morning quarterbacks.''' ,'''I'm a football guy, but to me, nothing is sacred.''' ,'''There is nothing worse than sitting in a ballpark and somebody is vomiting behind you.''' ,'''How often do you get to build a pro football league from scratch?''' ,'''If there's anything my kids have taught me, it's that my general belief in the good qualities of college athletics is alive and well.''' ,'''There's risk in virtually everything you do. I tend to focus more on the reward channel.''' ,'''If bad quarterback play is damaging to the XFL, I think it's damaging to any league at any level.''' ,'''Given where medicine is today, there may not be any traditional injuries that aren't repairable.''' ,'''There will be relatively little in common with XFL 2001. I'll be the first to admit that the quality of the play in 2001 was not where it needed to be.''' ,'''In the game of football today - whether it's pro, college or even high school arguably - your quarterback play is determinative.''' ,'''Football is a product, and you can package it anyway you want to.''' ,'''I spoke to a bunch of University of Houston students and said, 'One of the beauties of the free enterprise system we have in this country is that there's capital that people are willing to put at risk for new ventures and startups.'''' ,'''Once you're under contract with the XFL, you're under contract, regardless of position. We're not trying to be a development league for the NFL.''' ,'''We're trying to keep the 'foot' in 'football.'''' ,'''Even athletic directors can do the simple math. Five conferences, five power conferences, and only four slots.''' ,'''We have high expectations at West Virginia University for success on and off the field and as Coach Holgorsen has acknowledged to me, we are not meeting those expectations on the field.''' ,'''My wife, Kathy, and I will always cherish our time in Morgantown and we will forever be Mountaineers.''' ,'''Yeah, I think anyone who plays the game for any length of time will pick up a concussion or two or three. I did.''' ,'''There's been a realization in college athletics that an athletic director really is a businessman.''' ,'''Players have numerous opportunities to express themselves with all the platforms that exist today. So, you know, standing for the national anthem we believe is a part of their responsibility as players in our league.''' ,'''The student-athlete of today is different than I was, and certainly different than back in the 1940s and '50s.''' ,'''I'm a 1960 baby, and since I can recall, football has been like this. It's been a more important, more substantial part of American life.''' ,'''My wife and I didn't raise our kids to be anything except what each one ultimately wants to do.''' ,'''I would support a league that would put the safety of players first.''' ,'''If Pitt is on the short list, there's no reason that West Virginia shouldn't be on the Big 12 short list.''' ,'''But for me it's critical to have pro football in Europe on a weekly basis. One exhibition game a year over here isn't going to do it.''' ,'''Act like a duck. Be calm on the surface, but paddle like hell underneath.''' ,'''I think it should be hard to get into the playoff. It really should.''' ,'''I spent most of my adult life trying to get as far away from my folks as possible.''' ,'''I think it is going to be great to be in a building where you can literally hear the quarterback calling signals.''' ,'''Worked my way up the proverbial food chain to become president of NFL Europe.''' ,'''If you can't envision where you're going, you'll have a hard time getting there.''' ,'''I do believe that the name, image, likeness for an individual is a fundamental right - that any individual controls his or her name, image and likeness - and I don't believe that a student-athlete who accepts a grant-in-aid simply waives that right to his or her name, image, likeness.''' ,'''If we are in fact using name, image and likeness of student-athletes, they should be compensated.''' ,'''Have you ever heard of the book 'Freakonomics?' So there's these two economics professors, and they're really interesting guys, and they wrote these books. And it's really all about sort of false thinking. They try to go in and look at a number of different phenomenon.''' ,'''I imagine my experience on the business side will help - I think that probably was attractive to the N.C.A.A.''' ,'''What does the quarter-back do after handing off? He runs to the perimeter and blocks. Or tries to block. I tried to throw a block at the cornerback but his knee got me right on the temple. I remember thinking, 'boom.'''' ,'''The wagering thing for a lawyer is very interesting. Will there be mobile sports wagering? Will there be mobile prop betting? Conceivably, someone sitting in basketball area placing prop bets on a mobile phone while the individual is 10 feet from the court? Some of the possibilities are angst-producing.''' ,'''I think for every player it's different. Most guys play for as long as they can until they're sort of pushed out the door. But I do think there are guys who realize there's a whole 40 years of a working life ahead of you when you're 25 or 30 and you want to get on with it.''' ,'''What annoys me? People that aren't willing to look at change or look at improvement.''' ,'''My decision to leave really doesn't indicate any displeasure with the NCAA. I love college athletics. I'm a big believer in that.''' ,'''The challenges both internal and external to the NCAA present a unique opportunity to help shape the landscape for hundreds of thousands of young men and women.''' ,'''Football has always been a constant in my life and I'm excited about the unique opportunity to present America's favorite sport to fans in a new way. The XFL will create first-class organizations that local cities across the country will be proud of.''' ,'''There are a lot off very good college players after a year or two who may not want to play that third year of college football, may need to earn a little money, support the family.''' ,'''I have positive feelings about the old days and the way you did things, but that's sort of like feeling nostalgic for the heyday of the Detroit auto industry. Just because it was done doesn't mean it couldn't be improved upon.''' ,'''I'd always been interested in politics.''' ,'''As those who have spent time in West Virginia know, this is truly a special place.''' ,'''I played years ago around a bunch of guys who hung on as long as they could, and they begin to resent the game because of injuries and the way they're being treated.''' ,'''It's not like the NFL is going anywhere, it's one of the best run leagues in the world.''' ,'''A lot of people go to college games and enjoy it. There might be an NFL-caliber guy on the field or two or three, but you don't need an Odell Beckham Jr. making a one-handed grab.''' ,'''I'm a former player, I've got a bunch of friends that I played with over the years and I've seen the toll that playing football can have on their bodies. And of course my son was a player as well.''' ,'''I think there's a really fine line between innovating and being gimmicky, and we're trying to stay on the proper side of that.''' ,'''We want the best sort of 500 players or so that we can possibly get, and the best 500 players typically have a very similar background. They've played three or four years of college football. They're mature. They're professional.''' ,'''There's no dancing on the grave of the AAF. We watched them, we're going to take lessons from them. To a certain degree, it's a cautionary tale.''' ,'''I've got a balance sheet. Every year I have to figure out how much I generate and what I spend, and keep those two somewhat in relationship.''' ,'''It's hard to play quarterback in professional football.''' ,'''I don't golf.''' ,'''I'm not a shill for the Big 12.''' ,'''Anytime you bring additional strategy to the game, fans like it.''' ,'''I'm the athletic director around here. The AD. That really stands for 'Andrew's Dad.' That's how everybody knows me nowadays.''' ,'''But there is something to be said for having one individual who is responsible entirely for the capital commitment. And it's not WWE; it's Vince McMahon and his company, Alpha Entertainment. It's not like I have to go to a board of directors. Vince makes the decisions on what he wants to do, and that makes my life easier.''' ,'''We love professional sports in this country. We love college sports in this country.''' ,'''The ratings are obviously important, but quite honestly we don't spend that much time with them because we believe that if we can play good football, if we play at a high level, everything will fall in place, the ratings, the attendance, all of the things that are important on the business side.''' ,'''West Virginia is a relatively small state. There are only a handful of football players that come out of West Virginia.''' ,'''I look forward to partnering with campus executives, administrators, coaches and student-athletes to enhance the intercollegiate athletics experience.''' ,'''We don't want to do gimmicks. Gimmicks in XFL 1 didn't work very well.''' ,'''There are a limited number of letters in the alphabet. AFL? Nope, taken. BFL? Eh, doesn't sound very good. CFL? Taken. DFL? What's the D stand for?... They went all the way down the list, slept on it for a couple of days, came back - and, long story short, they said the XFL still has some brand equity.''' ,'''We've always had talented kids coming out of Maryland, Baltimore, D.C., Virginia, New Jersey, eastern Ohio, Columbus, Akron.''' ,'''We always assume that what we do is the way it should be done - that's not always the case.''' ,]
+++