+++
author = "Eric Bledsoe"
title = "Eric Bledsoe Quotes"
quotes_len = "89"
description = "the best 89 Eric Bledsoe Quotes"
keywords = "eric bledsoe,eric bledsoe quotes,eric bledsoe quote,eric bledsoe sayings,eric bledsoe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's a business, but I play the game and I love it every day. That's what I'm going to continue to do.''' ,'''The people who watch you on the court often don't know you as an actual person - a human being.''' ,'''I did one year of college, so I was only in Lexington for one year.''' ,'''Everybody gets frustrated when they lose. But at the end of the day I can control what I do. Whatever team I'm on, let's roll.''' ,'''I have shot a basketball my whole life and it is both physical and it is mental as well. Overall I think confidence plays a huge role in shooting.''' ,'''There's always a good point guard in this league.''' ,'''That's one part of my game that never leaves - the defensive part.''' ,'''That's all I ever wanted to do is win and build something special.''' ,'''For me, it's all just about playing my game.''' ,'''The Suns keep great point guards here.''' ,'''Before I joined the Clippers I played basketball at the University of Kentucky. There the game of basketball is very important. It is important for the fans. There is not a lot to do there so they really support the team. It is hard to describe. The fans, the coaching staff, the basketball program is everything and the kids who go there love it.''' ,'''Unfortunately I couldn't play as much as I wanted in Los Angeles, because I was playing behind an All-Star.''' ,'''Once you get older, you can always develop the skill to shoot.''' ,'''I do whatever the vets tell me to do.''' ,'''I think it is a sign that the team cares about the game and everyone else on the team and the coaching staff. Everyone comes in to work and that is all that you can ask for.''' ,'''The more and more I play, I learn from each game. I try not to make the same mistake I made last game.''' ,'''I don't take any type of shots. I feel like I take the shots that are necessary and open.''' ,'''I like any challenge.''' ,'''In big cities, things go by too fast.''' ,'''Just because you are living the dream making millions of dollars doesn't mean you don't go through problems.''' ,'''It's pretty much those little hustle plays that make a team good.''' ,'''I had some great vets to learn from.''' ,'''I want our fans to feel like I'm here with them. We're here together. We're going to lose together. We're going to win together.''' ,'''I've always cared about my teammates, but it's about being vocal and letting them know I care about them... not just on the basketball court.''' ,'''I want to win a championship and you can't win it by yourself in college.''' ,'''At the end of the day, a point guard's got to do his job.''' ,'''A dunk during the game is just to get everybody pumped up, so everybody can feel like we're going to win this game or we're going to blow this team out or whatnot.''' ,'''You treat a person the right way and you get the same respect given back to you.''' ,'''Nobody can stay in front of me, plus I'm strong, so I can get to the hole and finish at the same time.''' ,'''Everything's a learning experience.''' ,'''You definitely have to have a sense of humor. It's not always serious when it comes to basketball.''' ,'''The point guard is the most important position on the court. They often have to be the best player, not by choice but because that's what the game demands as far as all the thinking you have to do and picking and choosing when to score or pass, things like that.''' ,'''If we win, everybody gets a piece of the pie.''' ,'''That's life, bro. Everybody is not going to like you.''' ,'''I think when you're short, you're always going to be the fan favorite.''' ,'''My job is to just make winning plays when I'm out on the court, and hopefully we're winning. That's all I want.''' ,'''Nobody can stop me from playing.''' ,'''Mini-LeBron... I guess it's a cool nickname.''' ,'''I think that I can get into the paint anytime I want to. What I have learned is that when I do get into the paint, I do have options.''' ,'''Some teams take a while to jell; some click right away.''' ,'''I'm a defensive-minded player.''' ,'''Now I'm fast and under control. I can just play, seeing the game slower now.''' ,'''As a kid, you don't know what's going on at the time. But once you get older, you start to realize it.''' ,'''That's what most players know about me, that I can change the game without scoring or even having a good offensive night.''' ,'''Sometimes the ball isn't always going to bounce your way. But you've got to find a way to affect the game.''' ,'''Whatever team we have at training I'm going to play my heart out for.''' ,'''All I can control is what I do when I step on the floor.''' ,'''People will trust you a lot more if you show them you care about them besides basketball. It's deeper.''' ,'''I love the fans. I hope they love me back.''' ,'''In college, playing the two guard, I found a way to get drafted.''' ,'''That's probably a good feeling, to be a fan favorite.''' ,'''If I miss a shot, make a turnover - move on to the next play, don't compound the mistake by getting down.''' ,'''Nobody wants to lose.''' ,'''I think the best time to learn things is when you're hurt. Just sitting back and observing to see how you can be effective in certain parts of the games is important.''' ,'''I just have to bring the energy and play my game.''' ,'''The guys I came up with would always tell me that no matter if we're up or down, if you go in, get in there and play hard. But just know that sometimes you just have to be patient and wait your turn.''' ,'''You've got to find ways to affect the game, whether it's key stops, key plays, anything.''' ,'''Sometimes if I get too aggressive, I get real winded.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of anybody.''' ,'''Some people aren't going to like you and some people like you. You can't go through life worrying about stuff like that both on and off the court.''' ,'''I still play my fast-paced style but when the game slows down it allows you to see the little things - the right passes, where to lay the ball up.''' ,'''Alabama's a football state and you really don't get too many basketball players out there.''' ,'''I can say all of the goals I want individually, but if we make the playoffs those individual accolades will come.''' ,'''I just want to get better, compete for the playoffs and have that lead to a championship.''' ,'''I just want to win.''' ,'''As I go, the team goes. If the team's not going, I'm not going. No matter how good I play, it's still bad.''' ,'''Once you see the leader of the team, the point guard of the team who has the ball pretty much the whole time in the game directing everybody, I think it just rubs off on everybody.''' ,'''Some days you don't always have the energy, but as a player, you have to tell yourself when it's time to pick it up.''' ,'''My experience, especially with the Clippers, has been great.''' ,'''My daughter, she loves gymnastics. I take her to gymnastics and watch her compete. It's fun to see something you have rub off on your kids. My son, as much as I love to get away from the game, he really does love basketball. He just wants to shoot on this little hoop I got him. It's just awesome to see them smile all the time.''' ,'''If you don't feel bad when you play bad, you don't need to be playing this game. That's the feeling that drives you to success.''' ,'''Any position I was going to be in, I was going to make the best of it. I always do.''' ,'''There's tons of point guards in this league. There's good point guards on bad teams.''' ,'''You can have all the talent in the world, but if you don't bring it every night then nothing matters.''' ,'''I love ice cream.''' ,'''I'm always going to be confident in myself.''' ,'''I grew up eating fast food all the time. I developed that taste for it. As I got older, I started to teach myself to reverse those habits. I had to tell myself I can't have it.''' ,'''Anyone who can help me, I'm going to take their advice.''' ,'''I was always in so much of a hurry when I was playing a backup role - just doing everything.''' ,'''That's what good players do, try to help their team.''' ,'''I can always make trouble for who I guard and control the effort I bring.''' ,'''Everything happens for a reason.''' ,'''I just control what I can control. Getting better every time I step onto the floor.''' ,'''I am nervous all the way through the national anthem and the first play. Once I get up and down the court a few times, it fades.''' ,'''That's the main thing on defense: focus, patience and staying as one unit.''' ,'''Nothing has been handed to me my entire life. You have to go there and take it. My mom taught me that.''' ,'''You've got to be committed to the process of where you want to be.''' ,'''With my game, my biggest asset is being a point guard who can get into the paint.''' ,'''I have some really great memories with the Clippers organization.''' ,]
+++