+++
author = "Jesse Lee Soffer"
title = "Jesse Lee Soffer Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Jesse Lee Soffer Quotes"
keywords = "jesse lee soffer,jesse lee soffer quotes,jesse lee soffer quote,jesse lee soffer sayings,jesse lee soffer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm playing a cop in Chicago. So I have to look beefier - like a guy who eats steak and potatoes.''' ,'''I definitely try to keep some level of style on my days off because you never know who's going to snap your picture.''' ,'''I've always loved action stuff.''' ,'''It's an interesting situation to be in to play a cop on TV and to know so many police officers through our training and our advisors.''' ,'''I want to do 'Chicago P.D.' for as long as it's on the air. I love the show; I love the Dick Wolf family. I think he's created something genius with the crossovers and having everyone on these shows inhabit the same universe as far as 'Chicago Med' and 'Chicago Fire' and 'Chicago P.D.'''' ,'''I try to stay away from carbs, but it can get cold in Chicago, and some sort of fettuccine Bolognese is right up my alley. That's why I try to get to the gym as much as possible!''' ,'''I definitely binge watch. My schedule is so inconsistent and crazy and hectic that if I get a chunk of time, it's like, 'Oh, sweet, I have three hours. I'm going to watch three episodes of 'Peaky Blinders' right now.'''' ,'''Every guy's got to own a watch. I'm a watch guy. Men don't get to wear jewelry, really, and that's the one item that we can make our own and personalize our stuff with.''' ,'''I liked being one of the fastest guys on the field.''' ,'''The men and women that I've worked with on the police force are some of the most honest, heroic, and pure human beings I've ever met.''' ,'''I love Chicago.''' ,'''I've been doing a lot of deadlifting and squatting for overall strength.''' ,'''I think there's so many actors out there that we see and we know as one thing but are capable of so much more.''' ,'''Playing a cop on TV and working closely with actual cops on set, I do think the media does a disservice to our first responders.''' ,]
+++