+++
author = "Olly Murs"
title = "Olly Murs Quotes"
quotes_len = "65"
description = "the best 65 Olly Murs Quotes"
keywords = "olly murs,olly murs quotes,olly murs quote,olly murs sayings,olly murs saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You should only have so many accessories. You have to make sure you have the right ones at the right time.''' ,'''I'm a keen runner, so I try to fit in a half hour every other day.''' ,'''When I was 23, I went backpacking around Australia for three months. I saved up a few grand, quit my job and flew to Sydney, then went to Melbourne and up the East Coast, which was an incredible experience. I remember running out of money and getting my mum to send me a few hundred quid, which helped me get by.''' ,'''Trevor Horn has worked with some of the biggest stars there is. And he was happy to do a record with me. He's worked with some amazing people, and then there's little old me walking in.''' ,'''I'm trying to bring back 'Top of the Pops.' I don't know why us artists haven't just stood there and said, 'Let's back a campaign and bring it back,' because it would be the most amazing thing ever. 'X Factor' has got the Sunday show, and except for 'Later with Jools Holland,' which is a massive success, there isn't one music show.''' ,'''I think I've done everything on 'The X Factor' apart from the cleaning.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Justin Timberlake and Bruno Mars - that's my next level. You've got to dream. People have always tried to shoot me down for wanting to be a big worldwide star. But why not? You have to broaden your horizons and put yourself out there.''' ,'''I always wanted to be in a boy band since I was a kid.''' ,'''I love single life! Why would it be boring? I mean, I get to travel around and have loads of girls screaming at me, so it's definitely not boring. However, it can get lonely on the road, but I'm sorted I've got good people around me.''' ,'''If people are paying money to see me, then I want them to walk away from the show knowing they had a really great time. I want it to be very energetic and to have fun, sad, emotional and uplifting moments. I want it to have everything!''' ,'''I'm involved in music and fashion a lot more than I used to be, so my style has definitely changed - for the better, of course. It's given me greater insight into what colours work, what looks good on camera, and what I feel comfortable in.''' ,'''People relate to me, and I try to make songs that make people smile.''' ,'''I wouldn't like my fans going through my rubbish.''' ,'''There's always going to be someone out there who doesn't like what you do, doesn't like your style, your face. That's part of life. But I feed off that. I don't think I'd be where I am today if it wasn't for that. It puts a little fire in the belly, keeps me going so I can prove so many people wrong.''' ,'''In the U.K., I came from a talent show. I was watched by millions of people, so instantly when I came out from the show, people knew who I was.''' ,'''It felt when I was growing up that sport was, like, the only thing you should do... if you do music, you're really different and a bit weird.''' ,'''I think we all attract troublemakers; I don't think it's particularly about anyone. I had it actually as an album title, and I thought it would be really cool to write a song about a girl that's a bit of troublemaker.''' ,'''I lost 'The X Factor,' and I lost 'Deal or No Deal' twice. I'm good at losing game shows.''' ,'''To be the most successful male from 'The X Factor' is a big achievement, and I'm chuffed with that.''' ,'''I take my mobile phone and iPad wherever I go. I like to switch off when I'm on holiday, but I always check emails in case someone at home is trying to get hold of me.''' ,'''I said if I have a No. 1, I'll do a naked photo shoot! I'm not sure a lot of people would like to see that, but it was more to the fans, really. Every gig I do, they try to get me to take my clothes off, so it's a promise to them - if I get a No. 1, I'll happily do a naked shoot.''' ,'''When you come off 'The X Factor,' you're more likely to be a failure than a success because people almost want you to fail. There's this kind of feeling that you're separate from everyone else. You get it from artists, people in the industry, people at record labels.''' ,'''I'm really into personalities. There have been certain girls that I've been attracted to, but when we got to chatting, it was such a let-down. So for me, a great personality is key.''' ,'''I'm just an instant flirt with most people. I'm very cheeky.''' ,'''After 'Heart Skips A Beat' hit No.1, I barely had a chance to celebrate 'cos it was straight over to the judges' houses for the 'Xtra Factor,' filming in Greece, L.A. and Spain.''' ,'''Like every artist that comes out, you want to make a mark; you want to be a household name and you want to be someone that people are going to look back in ten years/fifteen years' time and go, 'I love this guy Olly Murs. He was brilliant back in the day; he was someone I really, really liked.'''' ,'''I want to be in a stable relationship and have kids by the time I'm 30.''' ,'''It has been hard for me in a sense because from an industry point of view - I don't care if I'm from the 'X Factor;' I embrace the fact that I'm from the 'X Factor,' but other people don't embrace that.''' ,'''I'm a straight guy and I date women, but I get on really well with gay guys. I'm very comfortable with my sexuality. The weirdest thing for me is when straight guys get really freaked out by gay guys. It's almost like they're insecure in their own sexuality. For me, I can be in a room full of gay men and have fun.''' ,'''New Year's Eve was always a big occasion at home with the family. Every year we would get the karaoke machine out and I'd entertain everyone, even as a young kid.''' ,'''Epic were adamant that I should carry on being me. They liked the way I look, my clothes, hats... nothing's changed really.''' ,'''I've only really had one period when I lost myself and felt like I was going to lose my career, and that was when I first began presenting 'X-Factor' spin-off 'The Xtra Factor' two years ago. I was worried if I did a rubbish job live on Saturday night TV that my music career was going to get affected and I would lose everything.''' ,'''I know that there are going to be people that don't like my music, but I think in the industry itself it is always that, 'Oh. you're from the 'X Factor.' There have been certain radio stations that will not play your song because you are from the 'X Factor,' yet they'll play another song from an artist from another TV show.''' ,'''Whenever I've been in Scotland I've had such amazing support, and the love from Scottish fans has always been great.''' ,'''I don't think Flo Rida gets on just any song. If you look at the songs he has done - even The Saturdays one - was a hit. If it's not good enough, then he won't do it.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of 'Heart On My Sleeve' - I think it has a 'Take That' feel to it! John Shanks and James Morrison wrote the track, and we spoke to Sony and asked if we could reference a 'Greatest Day'/'Rule The World' sound to make that epic ballad. I think it does the job.''' ,'''You've always got to have the right blend of colour. You'd be silly to match a yellow t-shirt with a light green pair of trousers, you know? You can wear different colours at the same time, and as long as they blend with each other then it works. That's what I like.''' ,'''You look at what One Direction has done and just say, 'That is just lucky;' it is not. It is happening because they are talented boys, good looking lads; and yes, their songs might not be the typical songs that lots of radios want to play, but they are great songs, pop records, that are massive across the world selling in huge numbers.''' ,'''I've always felt that my life's been at the right place at the right time; I feel like there's been some really dull moments, really high moments, really low moments, but it's always felt like everything's moved in the right direction; it always feels great, and everything feels right.''' ,'''Whenever you write music, you want it to touch people on a certain level. I mean, I've been reading tweets about 'Troublemaker' and people saying 'OMG, I can so relate to this - this is a guy that I fancy, or a girl that I fancy; it's exactly like this person.'''' ,'''I'm a bit of a perfectionist. I'll watch myself back on 'Xtra Factor' and want to do it again because of a few hiccups.''' ,'''I like girls who want to get up and dance and don't mind singing in front of my family - you know, silly stuff. Some girls won't eat in front of boys or won't go bowling. They just want to go out and look pretty. I don't really get that. I want someone who is up for having a good time.''' ,'''I'm not going to do a song that's really sad and thoughtful. Although I've done ballads like 'Dear Darlin',' I want to make them dance and be happy.''' ,'''I suppose I've got a natural rhythm. When I was little, I used to just dance a lot and have some fun. I'd never been taught to dance. I've never been to dance school. I do my own little dance moves.''' ,'''I don't really do sad, depressing songs.''' ,'''I'm a big soccer fan, so any soccer player that I meet, I always get star struck. I've met a lot of big stars - Justin Timberlake, Michael Buble - and I don't ever get starstruck, but when I met famous ex-football players, I just got completely starstruck.''' ,'''My original aim after 'The X Factor' was to earn enough money in a year to make the whole experience worth it - you know, buy a car, a flat.''' ,'''Since becoming a pop star, I've experimented a lot more. I've gotten more creative with what I wear. My stylist is a bit more adventurous than I would normally be, but it's really worked, and the colours really work together. I think everyone should be a bit more confident: if it's a summer's day, wear some bright colours.''' ,'''I think when you're a TV presenter, you have to have a reason for doing it, and a lot of them have been around a long time and grafted for that. The reason why it works with me on 'The Xtra Factor' is because I was a contestant on it, and I have a relationship with the viewers at home.''' ,'''I've established myself as a proper artist. And it's ridiculous when anyone questions my credibility - I've had four number one singles and I've also sold over two and a half million albums. I shouldn't have to convince people that I'm credible, but I'm glad people are now taking me more seriously.''' ,'''I know I'm really lucky to do what I do, but sometimes with the hours and the travelling, I don't get to see my family and friends as much as I'd like. It can be lonely on the road. Sometimes I come offstage after a massive adrenaline rush, and then when I go to an empty hotel room on my own, it can be an anti-climax.''' ,'''Whenever you're in a relationship, you have that favorite song that reminds you of when you first got together or when you first kissed, and then every time you hear that song, it reminds you of that person.''' ,'''The first bit of vinyl I bought was Michael Jackson's 'Bad.'''' ,'''I didn't even know I could sing or write songs. I didn't have that education. But people shouldn't think they can look down on someone like me, because I've had the same success as others, sold the same amount of records, if not more. They shouldn't think that because I'm just from 'The X Factor,' I'm not credible or respected as much.''' ,'''My sleep is very important, and I have to have at least eight hours every night in order to function properly the next day. Unfortunately, flying through several time zones makes me disorientated, and it takes several days to readjust.''' ,'''I'm not really one for reading books. I have a very poor attention span. I'd rather listen to music, play games or watch films on my iPad.''' ,'''Like a lot of young lads who dreamt about being a singer, I was a massive fan of Robbie Williams and couldn't believe my luck when, not only did I get to meet my idol, but sing with him, too.''' ,'''I find it frustrating when people wear belts with braces. That's an interesting one.''' ,'''It would have been easy for me to bring out a real cheesy pop song, but 'Please Don't Let Me Go' isn't your typical 'X Factor' single, and it's a grower, not a shower.''' ,'''I'd love to meet the right girl and have a family. I'm very broody.''' ,'''It's such a hard thing to write a song for your fans without sounding naff and thanking them for spending money on you.''' ,'''Being a typical Briton, I love my home comforts and always try and find an English pub where I can tuck into some traditional English food, accompanied by a nice pint. Fortunately, I haven't been ill with food poisoning or anything like that, which is quite surprising considering how many different types of food I eat when I'm travelling.''' ,'''I was living at home until about 27 and decided it was time to move out and move somewhere else, so that's what I did. I wanted it to be the right thing to do. I didn't want to buy something out of my price range; I didn't want to be stupid with my money, so I decided to stay at home. Luckily, my mum and dad were amazing.''' ,'''My granddad was a hard worker, and my dad is, too. It was instilled in me as a kid. I never got pocket money; I had to earn it. I had two paper rounds before school, not just one. Wherever I worked, whether it was at football, in the pub, I'd do whatever was asked of me - and more.''' ,'''I am fortunate to stay at lots of lovely hotels when I'm on tour, but my favourite hotel group in Britain is Malmaison. I recently stayed at the Malmaison in Manchester, which was pretty amazing. It had a fabulous bar and restaurants, as well as fantastic rooms with mood lighting.''' ,]
+++