+++
author = "David Wells"
title = "David Wells Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 David Wells Quotes"
keywords = "david wells,david wells quotes,david wells quote,david wells sayings,david wells saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not making any excuses. I got my butt kicked in certain games.''' ,'''There are guys in the game only because of steroids. They couldn't make it with their natural talent, so they had to enhance themselves. It sucks.''' ,'''To pitch a perfect game wearing pinstripes at Yankee Stadium, it's unbelievable. Growing up a Yankee fan, to come out here and make history, it really is a dream come true.''' ,'''I'm feeling pretty good right now, but I hope we can just win the whole thing and I can run off into the sunset and say good-bye.''' ,'''I'm not going to sit here and bash the manager, we have to regroup.''' ,'''That's me, I'm emotional.''' ,'''I like the ball in a big game. I'm not afraid to take it.''' ,'''If you are going to point a finger, you point it at me.''' ,'''The game has changed. What's going on now is nonsense. You have guys complaining about not being paid.''' ,'''I'm not going to make any excuses. I just went out and stunk it up tonight.''' ,'''We had a pretty good lead, so why push it.''' ,'''In my whole career, I've never seen this type of race that you had to wait for the last day. There's so many teams that are involved. You've got to smile because we're in it.''' ,'''I blame myself more so because I hung a curve. If you want to point a finger, point it at me.''' ,'''I drank beer, and I had a career year.''' ,'''I'm not even close to those guys, but I don't think anyone loves the game more than me.''' ,'''I would have liked the old days.''' ,'''The money is great, no way am I complaining.''' ,]
+++