+++
author = "Hilary Knight"
title = "Hilary Knight Quotes"
quotes_len = "77"
description = "the best 77 Hilary Knight Quotes"
keywords = "hilary knight,hilary knight quotes,hilary knight quote,hilary knight sayings,hilary knight saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My two earliest memories - earning little buttons on our skates when we learned how to skate from one end of the ice to the other and when I first lifted the puck.''' ,'''I'm able to be able to achieve certain things that others aren't - whether it's a reaction time or the idea of a coffee that's about to be spilled and I'm able to grab it before anyone else or whatever it is.''' ,'''I have to eat a lot more in the summer because I'm burning more calories.''' ,'''I'm trying to change up the pace in which I approach life so I'm not always go, go, go.''' ,'''I'm a 'blue sky thinker' and dream big.''' ,'''Cheat meals? I love cheat meals.''' ,'''I absolutely have loved my career path and everything that I've done personally, but it was tough.''' ,'''My favorite country that I have visited would have to be Sweden. I'm such a sucker for the Swedish culture, and I learned Swedish in college, so I like to try and navigate my way around.''' ,'''Going into a locker room that's not even yours to begin with is certainly like you're entering the lion's den.''' ,'''I wear yoga pants and get to work out all the time - it's my job. I feel a little bit different when I go into what I call 'the real world.' It's cool to be able to train as a full-time job, and it's something that I love and will continue to try to make work for the next however-many years.''' ,'''I don't think any game means less than the other ones. You always want to win.''' ,'''Growing up on an all-boys' team wasn't the easiest thing. I'd have guys come after me on the ice and just hit me because I'm a girl. I'd have parents heckling me from the stands, other parents not wanting me on the team, not making certain teams just because I was a girl.''' ,'''At first, I felt like I was put into this box because I played hockey. I thought that I was viewed a certain way, and I shouldn't wear certain clothes. Finally, I stepped aside and said, 'That's someone else's creation of me. I can be feminine and be strong.'''' ,'''Just having the hunger to continue to learn motivates me.''' ,'''My dad was traveling a lot, but when he would come home and cook, he'd cook pizza.''' ,'''I think having a strong female figure in my mom as an in-house role model was huge and really motivated me to continue to pursue my passion and my dreams.''' ,'''Fortunately, I have some amazing partners that I work with that continue to support me and enable me to unleash the best me!''' ,'''I like going on adventures or excursions.''' ,'''Each person on a team has a responsibility and a role, and knowing the value of each individual and what they bring to the table is something very special and unique.''' ,'''Now I can give back and be a role model and an advocate for women in sport.''' ,'''I absolutely love music. Music is so powerful and can set the tone and change your mood.''' ,'''I remember coming out of college thinking, 'OK, I'm gonna get an agent, and I'm gonna make money. I'm gonna make millions of dollars.' And that never happened.''' ,'''When I graduated from the University of Wisconsin, I was highly encouraged to move to Boston to train as a hopeful for the 2014 Sochi Olympic Games. I remember packing up my car, traveling out here to live with other teammates and share an apartment.''' ,'''It was tough to get to where I am, to get the following that I do have on social media and all the fans out there, which I greatly appreciate, but I would love to have a template so the next girl who grows up doesn't have to go through a lot of the hardships that we faced in our generation.''' ,'''Both of my parents have loved and supported me from my very first strides.''' ,'''Social media is huge. You can give people a behind-the-scenes look at your life.''' ,'''When I was 5, I'm like,' I'm doing this,' whether there's women's ice hockey, men's ice hockey, whatever it was in my future.''' ,'''Everything I do is for a gold medal for this country.''' ,'''Whatever I do, I want to impact people's lives in a positive way.''' ,'''I would like to go back to school, potentially.''' ,'''I love my fans.''' ,'''The most valuable advice I can give is plan for your success. Write down your ideal goal, creating checkpoints for yourself along the way that align with the end goal. Set up rewards for achieving both little victories and big ones.''' ,'''Being surrounded by great women and amazing role models and good teammates allowed me to unfold and evolve into the person that I am today.''' ,'''Here I am just trying to fund myself to play a sport, but the greater picture is that I'm a female athlete really pushing the envelope for women in sports.''' ,'''Growing up, and the way that the media portrays, you're supposed to look a certain way. Muscles aren't beautiful. Muscles aren't feminine.''' ,'''Equality should be a thing we don't even have to talk about anymore.''' ,'''I try to get a well-balanced diet with a mix of greens, protein, and carbs.''' ,'''It was somewhere in Ohio - Cedar Point or something like that - one of those thrill rides. A few cars up, someone's sunglasses had fallen off, and we were on one of those corkscrew parts, and I saw sunglasses and just instinctively grabbed them right out of the air. I was like, 'Oh, my reaction time is really good. This is going well.'''' ,'''The song 'I Feel the Earth Move' brings me back to those younger years when I was taking my first strides on the ice.''' ,'''Whenever you get Brianna Decker on the ice, and Emily Field and Amanda Pelkey, people are just going to go fast and push the pace.''' ,'''Scoring two goals to win a game will hurt an opponent more than a punch in the face.''' ,'''I think my role on a team is I love to put the puck in the back of the net. If that opportunity presents itself, and it happens for me, I get really excited.''' ,'''I've always been sensitive to the phrase 'like a girl,' especially when I was growing up and was told I couldn't play with the boys. It really resonated with me. I was so inspired by the first #LikeAGirl video, and I wanted to be a part of such a powerful message.''' ,'''Women in general, we tend to shrink ourselves and not have as much confidence as we should in presenting ourselves and our body types. It's OK to be fit and healthy and comfortable within your body, whatever frame you have.''' ,'''Strong is beautiful. I want to shatter that stereotype that strong isn't beautiful, because it absolutely is.''' ,'''I love cheeseburgers; I love fries, cheese curds, the list goes on.''' ,'''For lunch, I usually have a burrito or burrito-style bowl with rice, beans, a little cheese, avocado, and tomato.''' ,'''I am extremely grateful to have had the opportunity to play hockey, especially when there weren't equal opportunities as there are now. But at times, it was challenging.''' ,'''In my first two world championship experiences, I barely saw the ice at all.''' ,'''My mantra is, 'Dare to be...' I leave it open-ended, because depending on the mood, the weather, the day, you might need a different power word. Having a power word can help steer you in the right direction, especially when things aren't going your way.''' ,'''I know there are sort of misnomers that women's hockey isn't as physical or fast as the guys, but women's hockey is very dynamic and tactful in its own ways. It's just as respectable of a sport as any male counterpart.''' ,''''Playing like a girl' was used as a demeaning term instead of an empowering one. I am proud to be a girl and rocking the ice.''' ,'''The songs that are on my playlist find themselves there because I can identify with the lyrics, or they have some magical transformative power in the beat.''' ,'''Girls are breaking barriers and boundaries every day in everything from sports and science to business and the creative arts.''' ,'''I love going to the movies, whitewater rafting in the summer when I am home in Idaho, biking in the summer in Idaho, paddle boarding in the summer.''' ,'''As long as I still love the game and I can contribute to a team, I'd love to keep playing.''' ,'''I think the biggest thing is people forget that we're these crazy athletes with these athlete bodies and stuff, but it's just important to feed the other side of it, and if there's a piece of cake there, have the piece of cake. You earned it. You only live once.''' ,'''It's a great culture to be a part of: there are hockey players all over the world. It has taken me to an education, getting an education at Wisconsin. I've been able to travel the world.''' ,'''I saw the older kids entering the rink carrying hockey sticks and bags, and I was fascinated by the equipment. Once I started skating faster, I was attracted to the speed and dynamics of hockey. I never looked back!''' ,'''How do we make hockey more affordable? How do we get it into more households? How do we keep it part of the conversation? Those are things that will help us not only increase registration numbers from a grassroots level but also deepen the player pool from the senior national team and the elite level.''' ,'''I am the oldest in our family. I have three younger brothers. I needed to set a great example for them. It instilled a sense of competition in me and hunger to strive to be the best. There's a lot of pride being the only girl and the oldest.''' ,'''I think you are a product of the environment you surround yourself in, and everything you've experienced is a part of you and the fabric you are in.''' ,'''I went to a lot of Chicago Wolves games when I was growing up... They would come out of the tunnel, the pyramid would be there, and the fire would come out of the pyramid. I thought it was the coolest thing.''' ,'''Whenever you step on the ice, you need to be a student of the game and try to hone your craft. You're never going to play a perfect match, but you're always chasing that perfect game.''' ,'''I golf for my own entertainment and my teammates' entertainment.''' ,'''The Olympics are a completely different beast. It's the most magical moment of your career.''' ,'''The real answers aren't in textbooks; they can be found through experiences.''' ,'''I think, as an athlete, you tend to be cautious of your body language and what you're doing on the ice. That might be the only moment someone sees you.''' ,'''The cool thing about a start-up - this is sort of the entrepreneur side of me - is that you can make it grow as much as you can. Or you can squander the talent as much as you want. But it's up to you.''' ,'''Whenever you go into a game, you want to win, and you want to come out victorious in any way.''' ,'''You have to lose to win a silver medal, so that's always the tough thing to wrap your head around.''' ,'''I hope one day I will be able to play in a game in the NHL, not just practice.''' ,'''When our world is telling girls and women who they should be or what they should look like, it is critical that we empower those girls and young women to be confident with who they are.''' ,'''I believe in lifestyle changes to accommodate a healthy living.''' ,'''People don't know how fantastic women's ice hockey is. People don't know how fantastic hockey is in general.''' ,'''Obviously, different people identify me as the face of women's hockey and whatnot, but like my teammates, I'm just there to perform and compete.''' ,'''When I was 5 years old, I told my grandmother I was going to play hockey in the Olympics. Fifteen years later, I competed in my first Olympics.''' ,]
+++