+++
author = "Steve Bruce"
title = "Steve Bruce Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Steve Bruce Quotes"
keywords = "steve bruce,steve bruce quotes,steve bruce quote,steve bruce sayings,steve bruce saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I saw my mates go off to get apprenticeships on the shipyards and I went off to chase the dream of playing football and made sure I worked hard at it.''' ,'''I was headstrong when I was younger and maybe I've had too many jobs in my time.''' ,'''No one hates someone spitting at someone more than I do and it is frowned upon in our country. It is a horrible, horrible thing to do.''' ,'''I was player-manager at Sheffield United. I played my last ever game for them. It was terrible. We lost 4-1, I think to Sunderland. Fancy that, a Geordie, being forced to retire because of a defeat to Sunderland.''' ,'''I never thought I'd be in a position like I was at Aston Villa where people weren't going to get paid on a Friday. That's how bad it was. It looks great from the outside but we had huge financial problems for months.''' ,'''I'm delighted and incredibly proud to be appointed as head coach of Newcastle United.''' ,'''When you go to school in the north-east you have to be tough.''' ,'''One of the hardest parts of management is trying to bring a club back after it's been relegated because there is a lot of doom and gloom around, especially among supporters.''' ,'''They rejected me as a player. Newcastle said I wasn't going to be big or strong enough to make the grade, Burnley said the same. Most people said the same to be fair.''' ,'''The reason you come to manage Newcastle is to be in front of 50-odd thousand every week, even if you might get a bit of stick along the way.''' ,'''My job's about the accumulation of points over a 10-month season. And if you're with a team expected to be in the bottom half of the Premier League it's always going to be tough. There's going to be periods when you go up and down.''' ,'''I have not got a CV like Rafa, few do.''' ,'''I analyse performances on the pitch rather than any warm-up.''' ,'''You have to make sure you lead from the front and put a brave face on it during the tough times to bring people with you and get out of it.''' ,'''I think in management, if you lose the drive to succeed you may as well not be in it.''' ,'''Without that real spectacle of a big, noisy St James' Park or Old Trafford or the Emirates, the certain beauty of watching a game of football even live on the telly is not the same as far as I'm concerned.''' ,'''I think as a manager you have always got to be looking at how you can improve.''' ,'''I don't go into management to be liked.''' ,'''When you're taking on a Sean Dyche team, you know what's coming.''' ,'''If Mauricio Pochettino can get the sack, then we all can because he did a wonderful job at Tottenham.''' ,'''If there is one thing that runs through all Geordies, from grandmas to small children, it is a love of Newcastle United.''' ,'''It's the manager's job to always knock on the door, to always strive to improve, but there has to be a reasonable degree of common sense too.''' ,'''Jurgen Klopp coming into this country, you just have to applaud him for his tactics and the way Liverpool play.''' ,'''I was never blessed with any real ability but I loved the game and made up for anything I lacked with sheer hard work.''' ,'''A lot of people forget that I played for seven years in the lower divisions; it wasn't always 'this glittering career.' I had to wait a long time and even in the early days at Man U, for three years we didn't win anything.''' ,'''I had 235 games for Gillingham in the old Third Division. Everybody associates me with Man United and winning things but I had seven years at Gillingham and 3 at Norwich. One of those years we got relegated. Until I was 30, 31, I hadn't really won anything.''' ,'''You know, I'm not one of these where football is everything in my life. It never has been and there have always been things that are more important to me.''' ,'''This country always wants the underdog to win, that's in our nature.''' ,'''Alan Shearer is a friend of mine and he is entitled to his opinions.''' ,'''I was just too young to retire as a 52-year-old. I didn't want to be going out of football after loving it so much.''' ,'''I'm not really into tactics.''' ,'''You lose a game and you lose confidence and we get that back through hard work.''' ,'''When I was younger, I was a bit awkward to work for, hence why I had about five clubs in two years. I was a bit petulant, shall we say. But you're never too old to keep learning because every day in management, something is thrown at you which throws you a curveball.''' ,'''I was a little bit headstrong; when you're younger, you want to take on the world. At first you try to prove yourself to be the boss. I don't think I lose my temper as often as I used to now but, back then, I needed someone with grey hair, with experience, to help me, to tell me certain things didn't matter, didn't make a difference.''' ,'''I believe in what I do on the training ground.''' ,'''When I was younger I was a nightmare. I let people down. I resigned from Sheffield United because things were promised to me that weren't forthcoming. I let people down when I was younger, certainly in management.''' ,'''I've got the utmost respect for Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham.''' ,'''Any club at the top needs stability, guidance and deep pockets.''' ,'''The one thing that's easy to do is go and sign players. What you've got to try and do is try and improve them, and get better.''' ,'''At Sunderland I balanced the books and managed them to this position of 10th and 13th. My record stacks up.''' ,'''My parents were a huge inspiration to me and a massive part of my life and everything that I have achieved.''' ,'''When you're 1-1 against Manchester United and you're trying to get the winner with five minutes to play, the fans play their part then and give you that little bit of adrenaline.''' ,'''Coming to manage Newcastle was never going to be easy. But there was never a side to me that thought, 'Oh no, I do not want that.'''' ,'''Man-management far outweighs sports science.''' ,'''I don't think I was a control freak. I just couldn't get my head around things. When I joined Sheffield United I was told I had £5m to spend, then when I went to see the chief executive he told me if I didn't raise £350,000 no one was getting paid.''' ,'''My record is good with Birmingham and Wigan. Just study the facts.''' ,'''I've been fortunate enough to win the FA Cup as a player but it's taken me 15 years as a manager to get to a semi-final.''' ,'''When I heard the word 'cancer,' I was in bits. I panicked, I think everyone does, it was very scary, horrible. Thankfully, the melanoma does not appear to have spread. They'll continue to monitor me, I've got scars on my face, on my back. Good thing I was never worried about my good looks.''' ,'''If you manage Newcastle, you have to deal with the consequences.''' ,'''Flexibility isn't a bad thing.''' ,'''To manage your country, there's no bigger job.''' ,'''Your boyhood club, the one you've supported, the one result that you look for more than anybody else because of my upbringing, has always been Newcastle so to go and manage it is arguably the pinnacle but it's a really difficult job, I have to tell you.''' ,'''What people resent, in sport, is if you go out with a whimper.''' ,'''If our players start to see coaching as a dead end, where is the next Ferguson, the next Clough or Shankly? It's sad. How will players see a pathway, how are they going to see a future if even the England job goes abroad?''' ,'''The Hull job had been offered to me and while watching Chelsea against Bayern Munich I was thinking: 'I'm going to give it a crack.' I'd rather be managing than commentating.''' ,'''I am a Newcastle fan like everyone knows.''' ,'''From a playing or managing point of view relegation is a blot on your CV that you don't want, but you have to live with it and try to bounce back.''' ,'''I've been fortunate enough to have some big games as both a player and a manager.''' ,'''I suppose it's better to be a lucky manager than a good one.''' ,'''You have to keep that equilibrium - not getting too carried away or beating yourself up too badly. As a manager you have to be in the middle all the time. If you take water in, people look at you and say - 'look at the state he's in today.'''' ,'''A lot of businessman come into football find it difficult. They think because they have more money to throw at it, that will work. Of course money helps but it doesn't guarantee success.''' ,'''I'm always sad to see a manager go.''' ,'''You have to be as truthful as you possibly can. That's always been my philosophy.''' ,'''Every time I took another job, my dad would ask, 'Why are you putting yourself through it again, haven't you got enough money?' I wish I'd spent more time with them, I think anyone who loses their parents will understand that, but I also know what he would have said. 'You crack on Steve, get on with it, son.'''' ,'''Not many managers have been in charge for as many games as I have, that should tell you something.''' ,'''Geordies get up every day, they go to work, they put a shift in.''' ,'''I'm a Newcastle lad, so to be manager is every Geordie's dream.''' ,'''Nobody wants to lose to bloody Rochdale.''' ,'''In the dressing room there is nothing better than when a good player walks through the door and the guys say 'I'm glad he's come along.'''' ,'''My loyalty was questioned for a long time when I was younger, and that's understandable. I found it very difficult to conform and I wanted to do it all my way.''' ,'''It's very difficult to win a title.''' ,'''I've said it for a long time that Aston Villa is a special club.''' ,'''I remember going 14 games at Man U without winning.''' ,'''Call me old fashioned, but we're now holding umbrellas up as our players get off a plane. Do they need that? It's a few spots of rain. OK, they might get wet. Well, let them get wet. That's what happens when it rains.''' ,'''Whether I'm 'head coach' or 'manager,' it doesn't bother me at all.''' ,'''I accept I am not everyone's cup of tea, but judge me over a period of time.''' ,'''When you get sacked, everybody thinks: 'He's a football manager, he'll get lots of money,' but you still get sacked, which for me is a slur on you, it degrades you.''' ,'''I know what it means to the supporters of Newcastle to try and win something and realistically, the cup competitions are our best route.''' ,'''As a player I had some good times but people forget I had a lot of hard times to get there; seven years in the lower divisions.''' ,'''All you can try to be is as honest as you possibly can.''' ,'''I judge people, and myself, when you are up against it. When you've been beaten like that you have to find out who is alongside you, you roll your sleeves and come out fighting and those are my principles.''' ,'''For any Geordie, if you can't manage to play for Newcastle, then to get back and manage them it's something special.''' ,'''I look at the England job. It's not always about being the greatest coach. You've got less than a week before most matches. So do the players need actual coaching, or do they need to be set up in a team structure that works, and then pointed in the right direction? Create spirit, take away the fear.''' ,'''When I got the sack from Huddersfield it hurt me badly. I became reclusive, I never went to a match, don't think I left the house for five months.''' ,'''You do get labelled in the game, and that's why I enjoyed my time managing in the Championship. I'd back myself against most people in that division.''' ,'''That's what the Premier League is, that will never change. There will be periods when you're up and down.''' ,'''The North East is a tough, working-class area. Its people boast great humour. But for two days every year, when Newcastle and Sunderland play football, it's absolute chaos. And very nasty. It borders on tribal hatred.''' ,'''We can all take criticism as long as it's constructive. When it's complete lies, that's when it's disappointing.''' ,'''Stats can do anything you wish. When we got the sack at Aston Villa it came out there had only been Man City in that calendar year who had scored more goals than Villa.''' ,'''I want to entertain, I want Newcastle United that is the best it can possibly be.''' ,'''It's not always about money, we got Hull promoted with a collection of loans and waifs and strays.''' ,'''The only way you can respond to anything in football is through results.''' ,'''Only those who have lost their parents will know what it is like. It is horrific, it is hard and it breaks your heart, it really does.''' ,'''I don't think you can manage 400 games in the Premier League, 550 in the Championship, play 980 times and not be a little bit organised.''' ,'''My dad worked all his life, an engineer, 30 years, week in, week out at the same machine. That is mind-boggling to me. I do not know how the hell he did it.''' ,'''One of the most enjoyable parts of the job is seeing a young fella who you give a debut to or you buy and see them progress.''' ,'''Management, whether you're managing in the lower division or you're right at the top, is about getting the best out of what you've got.''' ,'''Any Englishman would be extremely proud to be the England manager.''' ,'''Does it feel like I can't win? Sometimes.''' ,]
+++