+++
author = "Bethanie Mattek-Sands"
title = "Bethanie Mattek-Sands Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Bethanie Mattek-Sands Quotes"
keywords = "bethanie mattek-sands,bethanie mattek-sands quotes,bethanie mattek-sands quote,bethanie mattek-sands sayings,bethanie mattek-sands saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I dislocated my patella on the court - that's what the pain was coming from - and I ruptured my patella tendon.''' ,'''I haven't even imagined having a kid yet. It's actually kind of one of my biggest fears, but that's OK.''' ,'''To me, mixed doubles is an undervalued tennis product. You have guys and girls playing on the same level, no handicaps. The guys aren't feeling bad for the girls. The girls pick on the guys. It's generally amazing tennis.''' ,'''If more people knew about it, followed the teams, they would really enjoy watching mixed doubles and doubles.''' ,'''Even though I know I can work out at any point in my day, I set a time that I want to get this workout in by. I set times when I'm waking up and having breakfast. Finding a few things you can stick to in your daily routine is helpful when there's a lot of uncertainty and your scheduling is really off.''' ,'''I'm determined to become the best backyard athlete ever.''' ,'''As I've opened up, the less negative comments there are. Ninety-eight percent of followers love what I'm doing for fashion, for tennis, for coming back from an injury. They follow the part that inspires them.''' ,'''Doubles is exciting. Especially in the U.S. a lot of elite players play. They want to learn more about doubles, recreationally play and enjoy. When you see doubles live, you see how fast it is.''' ,'''I didn't want anyone to teach me how to hit a forehand or hit 600 backhands. I don't need that. I've hit a billion in my lifetime.''' ,'''I think burnout is a big thing. If I could do it over again, I'd probably do it the same way, playing other sports when I'm younger. I see a lot of parents really push their younger kids really hard, and you want to see your kids do stuff, but there's a point where they really should have fun at that age.''' ,'''So much is predicated on wins and losses to enjoy life. Every single person loses every week, so it is unrealistic to say you shouldn't enjoy the process. They are unrealistic expectations.''' ,'''Tennis is not a contract sport and we really rely on the WTA and ATP tours to be up and running so players can earn prize money to make a living.''' ,'''We can do a lot of different things as athletes - we can speak, we can mentor, we can coach.''' ,'''Most of the girls who were better than me went to college or quit tennis. It's interesting to see who stuck around. It's pretty crazy to see who was good in juniors, who tried going pro. A lot of people fall off and it's really that difficult to get to each level.''' ,'''A good coach is someone who can break down players, someone who is good with angles, setting up points on the court.''' ,'''I go out there because I love tennis and I love playing. To hold the trophy in the end, you know, it's amazing.''' ,'''Doubles is really exciting. I don't like even comparing it to singles. I get asked a lot of times which one I like better. I think they're two completely different games.''' ,'''I'm very much looking forward to giving fans a personal inside look at the amazing players I've gotten to know and compete with over the years.''' ,'''You have some singles that play doubles, but you have doubles players that can beat singles players when they're playing doubles.''' ,'''I was in the middle of my match and I was coming to the net and all I remember was hearing this loud pop and everything was slow after that. I just remember trying to take a step and my leg just not being able to hold me and I went down.''' ,]
+++