+++
author = "Jeanne Moreau"
title = "Jeanne Moreau Quotes"
quotes_len = "70"
description = "the best 70 Jeanne Moreau Quotes"
keywords = "jeanne moreau,jeanne moreau quotes,jeanne moreau quote,jeanne moreau sayings,jeanne moreau saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Characters who are on screen from start to finish are not necessarily the ones who have the greatest impact.''' ,'''My face has changed with the years and has enough history in it to give audiences something to work with.''' ,'''To give a character life in a short space of time, it helps if you arrive on screen with a past.''' ,'''To go out with the setting sun on an empty beach is to truly embrace your solitude.''' ,'''Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.''' ,'''Some people are addicts. If they don't act, they don't exist.''' ,'''I am subject to very powerful lows. When you have highs, you have terrible lows. When you pinpoint that you are responsible for everything that happens to you, it is very frightening.''' ,'''I've never worried about age.''' ,'''I don't feel guilt. Whatever I wish to do, I do.''' ,'''I work more now because at this time of my life I am not disturbed from my aim by outside pressures such as family, passionate relationships, dealing with 'who am I?' - those complications when one is searching for one's self.''' ,'''Women will not talk about football unless one of them is in love with a football player, and then suddenly you discover that they know everything that is to be known about it.''' ,'''During rehearsals I am confronted by things very mysterious. I have terrific fights with inner demons, and it's more painful than it ever was.''' ,'''You should not separate your life from what you do.''' ,'''We have so many words for states of the mind, and so few for states of the body.''' ,'''Success is like a liberation or the first phrase of a love story.''' ,'''I am a woman with absolutely no sense of nostalgia.''' ,'''As a matter of principle, I always come to a film like a blank slate, I don't learn my lines in advance. With this approach, I feel clean.''' ,'''Something pretty... that's just the surface. People worry so much about aging, but you look younger if you don't worry about it.''' ,'''Sometimes the directors were afraid of what they brought out of me.''' ,'''Some gods may cross your path, but why should gods be beautiful? They could also be frightening.''' ,'''When you live under the power of terror and segregation, you can't ever start a work of art.''' ,'''If you're extremely, painfully frightened of age, it shows.''' ,'''Being an actress is to be in tune with the fantasies of a man. What woman never dreamt of that?''' ,'''Although for some people cinema means something superficial and glamorous, it is something else. I think it is the mirror of the world.''' ,'''I can be intimidating, but not within the confines of a film shoot.''' ,'''Life doesn't end at 30.''' ,'''I don't think success is harmful, as so many people say. Rather, I believe it indispensable to talent, if for nothing else than to increase the talent.''' ,'''When Tony was madly in love with me, his relationship with Vanessa Redgrave was ending.''' ,'''I think more and more people want to live alone. You can be a couple without being in each other's pockets. I don't see why you have to share the same bathroom.''' ,'''I need, absolutely, to be alone.''' ,'''You don't have to be a wreck. You don't have to be sick. One's aim in life should be to die in good health. Just like a candle that burns out.''' ,'''I'm always amazed when young women who are having babies want their husbands to watch the babies come out. I would never allow anything like that.''' ,'''I don't like the idea of separating life and work. That notion seems dated and a bit alien to me.''' ,'''To me age is a number, just a number. Who cares?''' ,'''Nostalgia is when you want things to stay the same. I know so many people staying in the same place.''' ,'''Death is an absolute mystery. We are all vulnerable to it, it's what makes life interesting and suspenseful.''' ,'''I have no doubt who I am.''' ,'''Aging gracefully is supposed to mean trying not to hide time passing and just looking a wreck. Don't worry girls, look like a wreck, that's the way it goes.''' ,'''I can't belong to groups. I've tried. I behave normally, but people don't look at me normally.''' ,'''If you want to live your life through to the end, you have to live dangerously.''' ,'''All those vitamins aren't to keep death at bay, they're to keep deterioration at bay.''' ,'''Usually when a woman is 60, it's over.''' ,'''Knowing how to die is knowing how to live. What is death anyway? It's the outcome of life.''' ,'''It's dangerous to assert oneself.''' ,'''If you get trapped in the idea that what is most important is what image of yourself you're giving to the world, you're on a dangerous path.''' ,'''My life is very exciting now.''' ,'''Beyond the beauty, the sex, the titillation, the surface, there is a human being. And that has to emerge.''' ,'''Some children I have met are very beautiful. Some children are imbeciles, vulgar, terrible.''' ,'''Life is an accomplishment and each moment has a meaning and you must use it.''' ,'''Acting deals with very delicate emotions. It is not putting up a mask. Each time an actor acts he does not hide; he exposes himself.''' ,'''I don't like going where I've already been. Life is a myriad of territories to discover. I don't want to waste time with what I already know.''' ,'''The life you had is nothing. It is the life you have that is important.''' ,'''As long as you don't make waves, ripples, life seems easy. But that's condemning yourself to impotence and death before you are dead.''' ,'''People's opinions don't interfere with me. Ageing gracefully is supposed to mean trying not to hide time passing and just looking a wreck. That's what they call ageing gracefully. You know?''' ,'''Life is given to you like a flat piece of land and everything has to be done. I hope that when I am finished, my piece of land will be a beautiful garden, so there is a lot of work.''' ,'''Living is risking.''' ,'''Making films is no longer a way of acting, it is a way of life.''' ,'''My aim in life is not to judge.''' ,'''It's just as idiotic to say there is no life after death as it is to say there is one.''' ,'''To give and receive love, you have to be in touch with pain, you have to be capable of provoking it and feeling it.''' ,'''Every night I go over what I did in the day, in ethical or moral terms. Have I treated people properly? Did I tell the truth?''' ,'''All fiction becomes autobiographical when the author has true talent.''' ,'''The cliche is that life is a mountain. You go up, reach the top and then go down.''' ,'''People's opinions don't interfere with me.''' ,'''I gradually work myself into a frenzy as the shoot approaches, while we're choosing the costumes or working with the make-up artist. I'm not so much interested in my character as the film itself.''' ,'''It's like climbing a staircase. I'm on the top of the staircase, I look behind me and I see the steps. That's where I was.''' ,'''One thing you have to give up is attaching importance to what people see in you.''' ,'''My life is very exciting now. Nostalgia for what? It's like climbing a staircase. I'm on the top of the staircase, I look behind and see the steps. That's where I was. We're here right now. Tomorrow, we'll be someplace else. So why nostalgia?''' ,'''What is amazing for a woman of my age is that I change as the world is changing-and changing very, very fast. I don't think my mother had that opportunity to change.''' ,'''When I'm acting, I'm two beings. There's the one monitoring the distance between myself and the camera, making sure I hit my marks, and there is the one driven by this inner fire, this delicious fear.''' ,]
+++