+++
author = "David Ginola"
title = "David Ginola Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 David Ginola Quotes"
keywords = "david ginola,david ginola quotes,david ginola quote,david ginola sayings,david ginola saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have found a flat on Merseyside and am settling down here. If I can keep playing and get back to full match fitness, I know I have a lot to offer still.''' ,'''It never ceases to amaze me the lengths that some people will go to to try and speak to me or meet me.''' ,'''I played at the Sainte Maxime Beach Soccer Tournament, which was brilliant fun as usual.''' ,'''The prospect of going home is very appealing.''' ,'''I have been keeping myself fit. I am going on holiday next week in the Mediterranean so that I can really unwind after the football season and have a rest.''' ,'''I am hoping to film another ad in the summer for Carte Noire.''' ,'''White Hart Lane was always a place where I felt I belonged.''' ,'''Nice, the club where I started my career in 1983, want me to see out my playing days there.''' ,'''I have been looking after the children. My wife has taken time off.''' ,'''I know the game wasn't a classic, but the night was about more than that-it was about bringing back the memories and raising money for former heroes who have now fallen on hard times.''' ,'''I kept an interested eye on the transfer window in England, which opened and closed last month, and the lack of frantic activity just goes to show the current financial state of the game right now.''' ,'''Nearly 30,000 fans turned out to support the tribute match and provide one of the best atmospheres at the ground for ages. I was so happy to be part of it.''' ,'''I loved being back out on the pitch. Although I have not been in full training, I felt pretty good.''' ,'''I am still feeling my calf strain, so I have been unable to train this week. I will again have to sit out the weekend action, but the lads are climbing ever higher to safety.''' ,'''I have been inundated with offers to move into a career in television or film, and these, too, are tempting.''' ,'''English football has just had a transfer window imposed for the first time, so it will be interesting to see how managers cope with the squads they have until it re-opens.''' ,'''I have shaved my head. My flowing locks are now quite a bit shorter.''' ,'''Football will always be my foremost passion.''' ,'''The Centre is very important to me; it's about trust - about truth.''' ,'''I went see the horror thriller, Hannibal. I am a massive fan of Anthony Hopkins. He is superb in the film.''' ,'''I have recently started acting lessons in south France, and I intend to commence acting lessons at Rada.''' ,]
+++