+++
author = "Marcus Brigstocke"
title = "Marcus Brigstocke Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Marcus Brigstocke Quotes"
keywords = "marcus brigstocke,marcus brigstocke quotes,marcus brigstocke quote,marcus brigstocke sayings,marcus brigstocke saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a very good memory for scripts. I can watch a show I like once, then remember about 90% of the script. But ask me who was in it, and I wouldn't have a clue.''' ,'''Guilt is feeling bad about what you have done; shame is feeling bad about who you are - all it is, is muddling up things you have done with who you are.''' ,'''I rarely fly, for environmental reasons more than anything else.''' ,'''Offence is important; that's how you know you care about things. Imagine a life where you're not offended. So dull.''' ,'''My purist comedy friends accuse me of being a Jack of all trades and master of none.''' ,'''I have learnt that I am incapable of packing the right amount of clothing, probably because I start 10 minutes before I'm supposed to leave, and that I truly hate airports.''' ,'''The basic function of a comic is stand-up because it's so straightforward and simple. If the audience don't laugh, you didn't do your job. I've had some audiences where I didn't care if they laughed or not because they were either too drunk or stupid.''' ,'''I find it hard to get enthusiastic about hotels because, as a touring comic, I spend a lot of time in them.''' ,'''If you go on stage with an agenda, you have to accept not everyone's going to agree with it.''' ,'''I'm best known as a stand-up comedian, but I'm a good actor in the right role.''' ,'''Catholicism has the clerical equivalent to a nut allergy - even a small exposure to change, and the whole thing will go into anaphylactic shock.''' ,'''I stumbled on a joke idea and style that worked, the audience went with it and, from that moment on, I was hooked. It's an amazing feeling.''' ,'''I'm more pompous and self-assured and determined that if - you know - if the truth can be told so as to be understood, it will be believed.''' ,'''I think Ross Noble is the only person that I've seen really storm a stand-up slot at a festival, and that was when he led 3,000 people on a conga out of the tent and across the entire site to a vegetarian food truck.''' ,'''Jim Henson was an absolute genius.''' ,'''Eventually, somewhere - be it on the Internet or somewhere else - I will host some version of 'The Daily Show.'''' ,'''I realised that to compare your insides with other people's outsides leads to unhappiness.''' ,'''The most successful comics are always the hardest-working ones.''' ,'''If you want something Scottish, go get yourself a kilt.''' ,'''All my shows are therapy, trying to navigate interesting subjects so I can work them out and to be honest and say some things are beyond the wit of this man.''' ,'''Never Google yourself. Seriously, don't!''' ,'''I went to China for a brief working visit, and I thought that Shanghai was interesting, but Beijing totally grabbed me.''' ,'''I have an addictive personality. Boarding school merely sent me more quickly on the downward spiral that dominated my childhood.''' ,'''I failed to get into drama school, and my best friend told me I should do stand-up instead. I was always doing gags and voices, so he booked a gig for me without telling me. I only had four days to write it. I did a seven-minute set; the first four minutes were terrible, but the last two were amazing.''' ,'''I've spent a lot of very happy times in Edinburgh as a result of playing virtually every festival since 1996. It's also a beautiful city in its own right, is walkable, within sight of the sea and mountains - and was too far north for the Luftwaffe to have done any damage, hence the spectacularly beautiful architecture.''' ,'''I became hugely overweight and then hated myself because it was a form of self-abuse, something over which I had no control. I think the thing compulsive over-eaters want to achieve is that stuffed-full Christmas afternoon feeling.''' ,'''I'd lie in bed in my dormitory and grab at bits of my body, wanting to tear them off... I was so large by then that, in the heat, my thighs chafed together and bled. I was very unhappy, and yet no one ever asked me how I felt.''' ,'''Britain is obsessed with political correctness.''' ,'''I am not racked with self-loathing. Some issues of guilt and shame, but I'm a pretty good guy.''' ,'''There are a lot of comics at the top end making staggering amounts of money and selling out stadiums. I think stand-up is a more intimate thing than that. Maybe because of the kind of comedy I do. It's like a discussion, but I'm the one with the microphone.''' ,'''And much as I enjoy writing and creating stuff, I don't enjoy it so much that I am willing to give up any time that could otherwise be spent performing.''' ,'''I'd rather be happy than right.''' ,'''Political correctness is as exploitable as any other progressive ideal, but its aim is to stifle the incessant noise of those who flap their careless lips without a thought about those they might offend and why that might be important.''' ,'''I don't mind not being cool; I wear a cardigan.''' ,'''I think it's important never to look yourself up on Wikipedia. I think the temptation to correct any interesting factual errors would be too much.''' ,'''I find myself by default an atheist but fairly unhappily so. It would be bloody marvelous if there was a god.''' ,'''I spend my jollity on stage, so there is less in my own life.''' ,'''No one wants life to end. It was bad enough when my last tour came to an end.''' ,]
+++