+++
author = "Peter Jennings"
title = "Peter Jennings Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Peter Jennings Quotes"
keywords = "peter jennings,peter jennings quotes,peter jennings quote,peter jennings sayings,peter jennings saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The candidate out front on Labor Day has historically been the one who stayed ahead in November.''' ,'''I'm not a slave to objectivity. I'm never quite sure what it means. And it means different things to different people.''' ,'''I've always shied away from conventional wisdom, though I know the power of it.''' ,'''I think it's impossible for any of us not to find television, and the political process at its best on television, compelling.''' ,'''Scholars will argue with each other about everything.''' ,'''A couple of weeks is a long time in American politics.''' ,'''As a journalist, one tends to think there's nothing off limits.''' ,'''I have gone through a period of seeking to understand what or how strong or what are the connections I have to God.''' ,'''The one thing that I have done really well in my life is be a father.''' ,'''Always have a sense of humor about life - you'll need it - but always be courteous to boot.''' ,'''We have been through a period where we see power leaching away from Washington. Who is more important in the world today: Bill Clinton or Bill Gates? I don't know.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of CNN. I watched it from the beginning.''' ,'''I'm a little concerned about this notion everybody wants us to be objective.''' ,'''Every candidate goes into every debate hoping that they can own a particular moment.''' ,'''I'm a reporter. I'm not a scholar.''' ,'''Some people continue to pretend that anchor people are reporters.''' ,'''I think Chris Matthews is a very bright guy. I'd listen to him even if he didn't shout at people.''' ,'''I'm an immigrant and I've always wanted to write something about America.''' ,'''I was raised with the notion that it was OK to ask questions, and it was OK to say, I'm not sure. I believe, but I'm not quite so certain about the resurrection.''' ,'''It is essential for politicians to make a connection with us, as Franklin Roosevelt did, as Teddy Roosevelt did, as John F. Kennedy did, as Ronald Reagan did.''' ,'''If you tailor your news viewing so that you only get one point of view, well of course you're going to think somebody else has got a different point of view, and it may be wrong.''' ,'''I don't think anybody who looks carefully at us thinks that we are a left-wing or a right-wing organization.''' ,'''Whatever you may think of Mrs. Clinton as a character, I think she believes quite strongly in public service.''' ,'''Do I think I was put here on earth to be a journalist and to seek truth? No, I don't.''' ,'''There's no such thing as an independent person.''' ,'''I think you can be cynical about religion on occasion, and certainly skeptical about the degree to which some people use religion to manipulate other people.''' ,'''Do we elect a man because of what he stands for, because of where he stands on the issues, because how he makes the nation feel?''' ,'''I am sensitive to the value of faith and religion and spirituality in people's lives because I'm a journalist.''' ,'''Don't be confused that my interest in religion, faith, and spirituality is driven by any sense of faith or spirituality of my own.''' ,'''I am utterly struck how, 300 years after his execution, Christianity became the official religion of the Roman Empire.''' ,'''I think I am very mainstream - I'm committed to good works in my life.''' ,'''Al Gore has dedicated his life to detail. George W. Bush has not. He's the first to admit it.''' ,'''I think sometimes negative campaigning, like so much, is in the eye of the beholder, and I don't think we'll ever get rid of it.''' ,'''I think I came to see Islam, or at least one part of Islam, as an important defense mechanism against the commercialization of the world.''' ,'''Senator Albert Gore Sr. was one of the first outspoken critics of the Vietnam War.''' ,'''I don't think a reporter should give advice or make predictions.''' ,'''George W. had a plan. He arranged to join the Air National Guard in Texas, which meant he would not be sent to Vietnam.''' ,]
+++