+++
author = "Mark Mcgrath"
title = "Mark Mcgrath Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Mark Mcgrath Quotes"
keywords = "mark mcgrath,mark mcgrath quotes,mark mcgrath quote,mark mcgrath sayings,mark mcgrath saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Of course, we wrote the songs accordingly and performed and recorded them that way. At that time, we really thought it was right, but you know, seen in retrospect, it made the album sound forced, and not really great.''' ,'''I'm really fed up with all the credibility talk. A lot of times it seems to be more important than the music. Well, I guess for a lot of people it actually is. We don't care for credibility.''' ,'''I never really thought we'd fitted into the cross-over drawer. But I think the real Sugar Ray fans did like us because we always had variety and because we experimented a lot.''' ,'''You know how it is with drawers and labels in the music business. They don't want anything to be complicated. They just want it simple, as simple as possible.''' ,'''I can answer anything about any American pop culture song ever.''' ,'''Today they're praising you sky high, place you on a pedestal and tomorrow they don't want to know you.''' ,'''We were kind of caught up in the genre trap. We didn't really have a lot of artistic freedom. They wanted us to go into a certain direction, so they could promote us easier.''' ,'''All we did was to sit around, collect some ideas, wait and see what's going to happen. That was it.''' ,'''I really do hope that the people will like 14:59. The critics seem to like it. We got a lot of good reviews.''' ,'''I'm a huge boxing fan. I love the strategy and the combat.''' ,'''It's funny; we never had anything like credibility. Even though we all have some sort of punk-rock background, but so what? I really don't care about that. What's credibility anyway? Who has credibility?''' ,'''There are a lot of people out there who are just waiting that we fail. They brought up the theory that we're one-hit wonders and they want us to fall flat on our noses, just to prove them right.''' ,'''I'm not a fighter, but I would love to be a boxer because I love the courage and toughness. I mean, there can be nothing more terrifying than walking into an arena and looking at Mike Tyson in the ring.''' ,]
+++