+++
author = "Jwala Gutta"
title = "Jwala Gutta Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Jwala Gutta Quotes"
keywords = "jwala gutta,jwala gutta quotes,jwala gutta quote,jwala gutta sayings,jwala gutta saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I play for the country, I represent the country and not any specific government that is ruling or not ruling.''' ,'''Why are foreign coaches not staying? There is internal politics and that is the reason why foreign coaches leave without completing their tenures. The reason is they don't get the acknowledgement and feel disrespected, not just from the players but from the establishment, and I am an eyewitness to it.''' ,'''In China or in the U.S., the government program takes over promising sporting talent at a very early age and then financially secures their life. They get educated.''' ,'''Patience, self-belief and regularity are three qualities that would take a young player to great heights.''' ,'''Right from my childhood I used to physically fight with boys.''' ,'''I have fought back. From not being allowed to play, I have now qualified for Olympics in two events, it is satisfying. I feel proud.''' ,'''I don't court controversies, but when I state facts, which are hard to digest for male-dominated authorities, they call them squabble.''' ,'''Having children is a great responsibility, and I don't want to have kids while I am still playing.''' ,'''I have grown up in a country where we are told that there is freedom of speech.''' ,'''People don't take badminton seriously. When I played, people never took me seriously.''' ,'''Why should you think that a good-looking girl who likes taking care of herself is not as focused as someone who doesn't do all that? Why should I be told to focus on the game and not do any makeup?''' ,'''I was very different from other badminton players. I did not bring badminton home. I wouldn't eat, sleep, drink badminton or talk about it to friends.''' ,'''For a sportsperson, 1 year is a long period.''' ,'''I am playing the Olympics for my country. I know how hard I worked.''' ,'''Doubles players achievement need to be highlighted.''' ,'''I wanted to do whatever I can for Olympics. I just want to give my best shot.''' ,'''I kind of missed playing mixed doubles.''' ,'''Getting a medal is not a small feat, irrespective of what color it is.''' ,'''I had to quit every favorite food of mine.''' ,'''Crimes against women should stop.''' ,'''Badminton court is my territory and that's where I will do most of my talking.''' ,'''I stopped playing mixed doubles and there is no result in mixed doubles. I was world number six. People who are talking about me and my performance and questioning my career and my achievements, where is the next mixed doubles pair, please show it to me. I would like to know.''' ,'''I always liked clothes.''' ,'''Now I know what to eat and what not to eat and I am getting to know my body better.''' ,'''Technically, I am not bad. What I needed to work on was mainly on fitness and my court coverage.''' ,'''After this coronavirus thing, people started calling me half-corona on Twitter.''' ,'''When I have children, I want to be with them.''' ,'''I fight whenever I think I am right.''' ,'''The beauty of the game is strength, stamina and technique and when you shorten the game, technique goes for a toss and the quality of badminton will surely go down in this system.''' ,'''It takes guts to take up doubles in India.''' ,'''I've enjoyed my phase of playing women's doubles.''' ,'''I don't think we can even compare ourselves to the Japanese or the Chinese players in any way, given their richly-funded programs and their methodical approach to sport.''' ,'''From childhood I have played for India. I have represented India. I have always been a proud Indian.''' ,'''I really don't remember my first meeting with Arif Sir.''' ,'''People anyway didn't take me seriously because of the way I look. And for some reason, there's this Indian perception that sportspersons should look wanting, they should look like they've put up a real struggle.''' ,'''Doubles does not have adequate support, promotion and sponsorship and budding shuttlers are more keen to take up singles.''' ,'''People tend to think I lack focus. This is probably something they conclude from my trendy dressing style or my hair color. They forget my wins. I guess it's easy to forget.''' ,'''I am not afraid of losing at all.''' ,'''If you are a famous personality, you should talk responsibly.''' ,'''I will let my racquet speak for myself.''' ,'''I've been a very self-dependent person.''' ,'''I am vocal and I have had to pay a huge price for that.''' ,'''I am not a quitter.''' ,'''I like wearing everything, from dresses to jeans to saris.''' ,'''I keep cracking jokes a lot.''' ,'''You are patriotic when you condemn and fight for fellow citizens. That is patriotism for me.''' ,'''In doubles there was nobody before me. I have changed how people look at doubles.''' ,'''As long as I know I have worked hard, I will have no regrets.''' ,'''A girl has to worry about financially securing her future. There is also the question of marriage. Whether to continue playing after marriage is another question. That is why a job is very important for a sportswoman so that she is able to play without worrying about such things.''' ,'''For Indian players, qualifying for the Olympics is a feat in itself.''' ,'''In fact, I am a bit apprehensive about biopics on sporting personalities in our country after seeing a few films. But my biopic is not going to be the same; it's completely different.''' ,'''Then, girls have to deal with a degree of unfair scrutiny about their life outside sports. If we have good hair or look good, we are called glamorous and it is presumed that we are not focused on sports. Nowadays, even the sportsmen are glamorous, good-looking, but they never face such scrutiny.''' ,'''I don't have to hide anything or be afraid of anyone.''' ,'''I come from a generation where I did not have any knowledge about racism, trolling or degrading someone because we hardly used to do it to other people.''' ,'''It is not fair; we live in such a hypocritical society where only film stars are supposed to dress up. It is almost like the shabbier you look, the more focused you are in your game.''' ,'''I have always played under pressure because I have always played for my team in doubles and mixed doubles and it was always like if the doubles pair win then the team wins.''' ,'''I am born to play badminton and can't think of anything else.''' ,'''If you keep winning all the time, you may not learn a lot, but failure has a lot to teach.''' ,'''China in sports is 100 years ahead of us, there's no comparison.''' ,'''I can't define it, but being in a relationship certainly helps individuals become better versions of themselves.''' ,'''Failure and triumphs are parts of life.''' ,'''I feel we need more quality badminton players; I will put in the best efforts to inculcate discipline in those who are keen to make a mark both in sports and in the society.''' ,'''I don't know many footballers except Maradona and Messi.''' ,'''Off court, I'm easy going.''' ,'''Yes, I am a rebel.''' ,'''No one on this earth can stop me from playing.''' ,'''There is a lot of discrimination. Consider this: whenever a badminton squad is sent for an international meet, there are usually 10 boys and 3-4 girls. Why is it like this? Why can't we send an equal number of boys and girls?''' ,'''Unless it happens naturally, the relationship doesn't work.''' ,'''I put on weight easily.''' ,'''Hollywood's Me Too campaign was massive. Do you think only those women who were harassed or sexually exploited were a part of the campaign? No. Everyone was a part of it, because until and unless you unite for a cause like this, nothing will change.''' ,'''I mean, just because you weren't raped doesn't mean that rape culture doesn't exist or that rapes don't happen.''' ,'''The consistent support that singles player are getting is way more than doubles, it is 100:1. We hardly get any support, the only support we get is from the government but it is not enough if we have to perform consistently at the highest level.''' ,'''The outside world hardly knows me and thinks Jwala is a celebrity.''' ,'''I have done nothing wrong as captain of the Delhi Krrish Smashers franchisee in the IBL.''' ,'''Being a player, I am supposed to train and practice and only think about my game, what I have to develop and what weaknesses I have to take care of.''' ,'''It's just not in me to regret being me.''' ,'''I like to put in an effort to look presentable.''' ,'''So when people used to call me 'chinki' I thought that okay maybe my mother is Chinese so they are calling me that. It was only in my 20s, when I travelled to the north-east that I realised that it was racist and that the north-easterners were called this and they were not considered Indians just because of the way they look.''' ,'''I want to promote doubles, educate people and media about doubles.''' ,'''Being a doubles player, without any support, we don't have any godfathers in doubles.''' ,'''I take it as a compliment now that I look different. I think l look okay.''' ,'''Eight to ten hours in a day is the maximum you can give to a sport, any sport. After that, I should be free to do what I want.''' ,'''Many think that elite athletes like me are taken care of. But that is not true, only a few like Sindhu are looked after well.''' ,'''Being bold is being fearless and having an opinion about issues.''' ,'''I love dressing up and I love looking good.''' ,'''Winning a title in Olympic year is never easy.''' ,'''Physically, when you are fit, mentally you are more alert and confident.''' ,'''I am a tall girl and I am not petite so maxi dresses look good on me.''' ,'''I love to play and bring honor to my country.''' ,'''If I lose a match, I don't get sad or feel down. But if I lose a close match, I surely have sleepless nights.''' ,'''Unlike badminton playing major nations of the world, we never had a specialist doubles coach and so the discipline remained neglected.''' ,'''If not badminton, I would have played some other sport.''' ,'''I'm a proud feminist, people get irritated with that word... but we need feminism in our country.''' ,'''Consistency is most important in international level and once you have it, you become a different player.''' ,'''I don't expect people to understand, but as players who love the sport and have constantly been thrown a rock at by our association and now the Govt, there is only so much one can take.''' ,'''I don't fear anything.''' ,'''Somehow I always make very few mistake when I am under pressure.''' ,'''Before I have attended camps at many places such as Bangalore, Jalandhar, and after 2006 it has only been happening at the Gopichand academy in Hyderabad. I had no problems since I live there, but it is not fair. Why camps only in Hyderabad?''' ,'''The ultimate goal is Olympics.''' ,]
+++