+++
author = "Alfie Allen"
title = "Alfie Allen Quotes"
quotes_len = "58"
description = "the best 58 Alfie Allen Quotes"
keywords = "alfie allen,alfie allen quotes,alfie allen quote,alfie allen sayings,alfie allen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It annoys me when people can't differentiate between the character and the actor, which is a little bit silly.''' ,'''I saw a psychiatrist when I was younger because I had ADHD, and I had some problems with authority, so I guess I can kind of relate to that in a way. I know what it's liked to be probed and to be asked questions where people are looking for a certain answer and are trying to pull something out of your answer.''' ,'''I actually love pressure.''' ,'''Contrast of emotions is definitely something interesting that you like to do as an actor.''' ,'''I do prefer playing baddies because you can push being horrible as far as you want.''' ,'''I would like to think that I'm always honest with myself and others. I guess that's what makes me a half-decent actor.''' ,'''It's great when you see things on a massive scale and you see these huge sets, but it's not the be-all and end-all - it can be about characters as well.''' ,'''Maybe I've got a bully's face, but I like playing baddies.''' ,'''My mum wouldn't do a film for money. She does it as a passion. That's why she's involved in things that are so brilliant. She really cares about what she does.''' ,'''What I've been noticing is people coming up to me and going, 'Are you an actor?' which is cool. That's ultimately what I want.''' ,'''I have to work hard to be punctual, to not lose my temper, take direction and be told what to do - and most of all listen rather than talk.''' ,'''I'm definitely not a bad guy in real life.''' ,'''Obviously, in theatre, you work chronologically, so you kind of know where your emotions are supposed to be, and you're always on top of things, and as an actor, you always know what's coming next.''' ,'''I just loved going fast. I still enjoy go-karting. I was also good at rugby, and my dad wanted me to be a sportsman, but I never thought I could do sports professionally.''' ,''''Game of Thrones' is my big break, so I've got to make the most of it, keep acting well.''' ,'''I was never a gym person before 'Game Of Thrones.' The idea of it was a bore to me - and it kind of still is - but I had a problem with my knee, so I can't play sport as much as I'd like to.''' ,'''I'm so computer illiterate, I barely know how to send an e-mail. I mean, I have a laptop and Gmail, but I don't really look at it much.''' ,'''I definitely feel like I had a different upbringing to a lot of other people, but not in a bad - or good - way.''' ,'''I've always wanted to get into theatre.''' ,'''I'm really lovely and sensitive.''' ,'''Once I started to grow up, I realised that my parents are normal people and they can make mistakes.''' ,'''I remember being in St. Lucia and my dad taking me out on a jet ski. I was very young, too young, but, yup, dad does like to break rules.''' ,'''I'm not interested in 'lovey dovey,' everything is so great in the world. That doesn't interest me at all.''' ,'''I did have a problem concentrating on anything for more than 10 seconds. I was one of the first kids in the U.K. to go on Ritalin, and my mum hated it, and I hated it.''' ,'''There wasn't a lot of discipline in my life, and I hated it being imposed on me at school.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I was roaming through Glastonbury Festival at eight years old, on my own. I say 'on my own', but I was probably with my oldest sister Sarah, and she would have been 13 or 14 at the time, so she'd have been walking us around. But I got to go places and meet people, and was trusted a lot, without a doubt.''' ,'''You can say to actors that you've got to be the character and really get into it, but you have to make it realistic by bringing an element of yourself into it.''' ,'''I didn't go to drama school, so I didn't really have many true friends in the business; 'Game Of Thrones' has definitely brought me that.''' ,'''I think that's how any actor would make their performance convincing: by bringing an element of themselves into the character.''' ,'''It's not about the money; it's about the content.''' ,'''I like to get home, flop on the couch, and watch Sky Sports News. I'm just your average bloke.''' ,'''My advice to any teenager would be don't try too hard - just get on with it. That's what I did. Have fun; enjoy life.''' ,'''I'm pretty body-confident after losing weight for 'Thrones.'''' ,'''We went to Ibiza, and I was on Ritalin, and, for a kid who couldn't concentrate, I read a 200-page book on King Arthur, and my mum just hated it. She said it just wasn't me.''' ,'''For years, my dad's friend Joe was just my dad's friend. And it was only when I was 12 or 13 I learned that he was the lead singer of a band called The Clash.''' ,'''I don't have any fear of turning 30. But maybe that's because I know I'm never going to be 30 mentally at any point in my life!''' ,'''I was a big Damon Hill fan, and I loved Michael Schumacher.''' ,'''I wasn't expelled for anything vicious, just being cheeky, not doing what I was told, answering back, and always rising to the bait if someone said something annoying about my dad.''' ,'''Richard Madden, I loved to work alongside him; he's a very funny man.''' ,'''I actually love pressure. I loved playing sport at school in front of a crowd; I love being on stage in front of a big audience. I buzz off that.''' ,'''I have no complaints about my childhood.''' ,'''It's fun playing the bad guy. It comes naturally.''' ,'''It's amazing. I love being an uncle.''' ,'''I wanted to be a race car driver when I was a kid.''' ,'''Big sisters exaggerate.''' ,'''I haven't had a lot of 'Games Of Thrones' groupies. The fans seem to be really nice. They don't seem that invasive.''' ,'''I've got rid of the ADD, but I do find it hard to concentrate sometimes.''' ,'''I said I would like to do some theatre, so people started searching for some jobs for me, and I didn't think it would be the lead role in 'Equus.'''' ,'''I loved playing sport at school in front of a crowd; I love being on stage in front of a big audience. I buzz off that.''' ,'''I've always known my dad is a one-off and his own person. But I feel that underneath he has always loved me.''' ,'''One thing I would say is that I think in any environment that you work in, there's always going to be one or two people who you don't like. But there just wasn't that on 'Games Of Thrones'. I know it sounds cheesy and cliched, but it was like a big family.''' ,'''Acting has never been a thing that me and my dad have talked about. It's like footballers: when they get together, I bet the last thing they talk about is football.''' ,'''I'm really bad at keeping secrets.''' ,'''I'm not an experienced sailor.''' ,'''Meeting Peter Dinklage was just great.''' ,'''A lot of people have the misconception that I decided to become an actor when Lily became famous and have accused me of jumping on her bandwagon. But that's completely untrue.''' ,'''Although I have fantastic connections, I didn't know as a child what feeling secure meant.''' ,'''Finn Jones, me and him hang out a lot.''' ,]
+++