+++
author = "Miralem Pjanic"
title = "Miralem Pjanic Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Miralem Pjanic Quotes"
keywords = "miralem pjanic,miralem pjanic quotes,miralem pjanic quote,miralem pjanic sayings,miralem pjanic saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to win titles, and Juve is the right club for that.''' ,'''I have always lived abroad, but inside my family, we always speak in Bosnian and preserve all the Bosnian traditions. So it's always inside me, always in my heart.''' ,'''My dad was a midfielder, like I am, and he was good, too. When I saw him playing as I got older, I could see he really knew how to play. He didn't have all the chances to grow and have a great career that I got, but he did what he could.''' ,'''When you play well, and you don't win, in the end, you get tired. You've lost something. You've lost time.''' ,'''I like to watch teams who play well, ball on the floor, ball to feet, playing well as a collective.''' ,'''My dream was to become a footballer. I started loving football so much that I followed my dad wherever he went and spent all my time playing football with friends out in the fields. But my parents also taught me the important values and principles in life of respect and to raise me in that way.''' ,'''PSG are amongst the top eight European clubs. They want to go to the next level in the Champions' League; it is a very big club that would attract any player.''' ,'''Bayern is a dream destination for every player, one of the best clubs in the world, a real machine.''' ,'''It was my dad who got me into football. One day, he surprised me playing in the garage. He thought I was a thief. I always played football when I was a kid.''' ,'''When I was six, I joined FC Schifflange 95, a first-division team in Luxembourg. They knew I had talent, but I knew only hard work gets you anywhere, and I went away from my family at 13 for the first time.''' ,'''In 2008, I moved to Lyon, one of France's top clubs. I had some very strong team mates, and I proved to be at their level. I began training very hard and always respecting my coach's advice.''' ,'''In the world of football, it is normal that rumours come from the media. It is something that I'm used to.''' ,'''When I arrived at Roma, someone defined me as Giotto, 'The Painter,' but the nickname I prefer is the one I got from Captain Francesco Totti, 'The Little Prince.'''' ,'''When I could choose which national team to play for, I could choose between Luxembourg, France, and Bosnia, and I chose Bosnia because I felt it was important to demonstrate, especially to the young people, that a dream can become true.''' ,'''I'm not someone who can do 10 stepovers or backheels - I'm not very interested in that. I'm more fascinated by the simplicity of play because the thing that makes this sport so beautiful.''' ,'''I think I was called 'the pianist' because of the way I play. It's true that I don't score many goals, just a few, but they are beautiful when I do score! I think it's more about my style of play, how I touch the ball, how I pass the ball, how I move it.''' ,]
+++