+++
author = "Erykah Badu"
title = "Erykah Badu Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Erykah Badu Quotes"
keywords = "erykah badu,erykah badu quotes,erykah badu quote,erykah badu sayings,erykah badu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have the ability to sing with emotion and feeling, but if you say I sound like Billie Holiday, that's cool. Let's look at who Billie was: she was this person, this singer, this beautiful diva who could move the audience with the slightest gesture of her hand.''' ,'''I thought the Billie Holiday comparison was beautiful. I think, Wow, what a wonderful, creative, helpful spirit. She's someone who wanted to help others by sharing her emotion. That's what I do, too, so I think that's a great comparison.''' ,'''I consider my musical ability to be a gift from the Creator. It's not that I try to work hard or nothing like that, it's a gift, it was given to me, and I appreciate it.''' ,'''And I figured out that the reason I couldn't get through the day as well as I can now is because I had too many things on my mind, on my plate, you know, for one person to have. So I started to eliminate some of the things that were too heavy to carry and unnecessary.''' ,'''I don't feel like I need to preach to the world or nothing like that. I just feel like I share what I say, and if listeners get it, they get it. And I never underestimate the audience's ability to feel me.''' ,'''What does music mean to me? I don't think I would really be much without it, without it coming through me. It's my means of communication, my means of growth, my means of transportation from one point in my life to another.''' ,'''I knew it would happen. I knew I'd be No. 1. I'm a new artist; I don't know the rules. Nobody told me it wouldn't happen.''' ,'''Well, if you look at all of the cultures in America, this is a great opportunity for us to really get acquainted with the rest of the world. America is the only place you can do that, but we don't have sense enough to take advantage of that.''' ,'''Hip-hop was created out of necessity. We needed to create some digitized things to help us understand what we were feeling.''' ,'''I try to be honest and I keep moving.''' ,'''I'm free. I just do what I want, say what I want, say how I feel, and I don't try to hurt nobody. I just try to make sure that I don't compromise my art in any kind of way, and I think people respect that.''' ,'''What makes me furious, not just because we're in an interview, but I don't like when writers take your words and put them somewhere else, in the wrong context in their own article about you.''' ,'''I planned my success. I knew it was going to happen.''' ,'''I don't sing melodically. Rhyme pattern is how I sing. I also write like a lyricist or an MC because that's what I was before I was a singer. I just took those elements and put them into music.''' ,'''Oh, yeah, I see the world differently now. Actually, when I first had the baby, I was breast-feeding him for two years straight. So we were together for two years of his life, every single day, all hours of the day. So I was two people, and I eventually morphed back into one.''' ,'''I love being an entertainer - not really fond of being a celebrity.''' ,'''I am not systematic at all when it comes to religion. I just love life. And I'm not judgmental. And I'm a vegetarian.''' ,'''I'm not satisfied with the explanations I get from tv or from school.''' ,'''The kind of music or the kind of arrangements that I do, the kind of musicians I choose, is just what I like to hear.''' ,'''I believed in myself, and I've always worked very, very hard as an artist, and I am an artist in every sense of the word.''' ,'''I grew up with all mothers, all women. I come from a long line of matriarchs, very strong women.''' ,'''I've had two children. I've had three boyfriends. I've had a lot of things happen that can change your opinions and values and philosophies.''' ,'''I'm kind of a recluse when it comes to going outside.''' ,'''I don't have any particular thing I do ritualistically. I do the same thing every day. I get up. Drink a lot of water. Have a wheatgrass shot. Drink some green juice. Eat as healthy as I can.''' ,'''I'm a performance artist first; I'm a recording artist second.''' ,'''I have a master plan as an artist. I've always said I'm not going to be punching nobody's clock. I will work as an artist to survive in this world.''' ,'''Music and the music business are two different things.''' ,'''As Erykah Badu, it has nothing to do with me, the way I look, my hair wrap, my style, it's about you and what you feel for my music. If I can make you feel like the way that people who influenced me made me feel, that's completion.''' ,'''But now I realize that this record business really needs me. No one else is trying to take a chance or do something different.''' ,'''I'm not trying to win an award for being the best vegetarian, just want to be healthy. Take a salt bath. Do things that my parents were never able to do. I'm blessed to do anything I want, so I decide to take the best care of my body and my family in the same way. Holistically. Vitally.''' ,'''I grew up listening to old soul.''' ,'''I love to leave the interpretation of my music up to the listener. It's fun to see what they'll say it is.''' ,'''I don't have one song that sounds like another one in my entire catalog.''' ,'''I'm a woman who has gone through many heartaches, enough to dedicate my whole life to trying to figure them out.''' ,'''Being honest is my job. That's what music is for me.''' ,'''I think a lot of people have lost respect for the individual, you know, the individual, the person who doesn't conform.''' ,'''From then on, I realized this is what I want to do, what I'm supposed to do: Giving energy and receiving it back through applause. I love it. That's my world. I love it. I enjoy it. I live for it.''' ,'''Personally, I don't choose any particular religion or symbol or group of words or teachings to define me. That's between me and the most high. You know, my higher self. The Creator.''' ,'''There are millions and billions of atoms of memory of all kinds of musical themes in me.''' ,'''I've been a vegetarian since I was 19.''' ,'''I'll dabble here and there in different forms of the art, but the label has me locked down like a slave so, of course, I'll be doing albums during this time.''' ,'''Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business.''' ,'''Hip-hop is the people. What the people are moving toward is what hip-hop is. I think people are moving toward a freer way of thinking. Openness.''' ,'''I'm a complete human being. I'm very emotional and loving. I feel, I hurt, I give, I take, and also I think. I analyze. I'm a sociologist, anthropologist.''' ,'''Marvin Gaye is one of my favorite revolutionaries. He spoke from his heart, his mind. That's what I want to do.''' ,'''Anything that had to do with art I been doing all my life. It was a gift. It's nothing I work real hard at doing.''' ,'''I love putting the music together. It's like art.''' ,'''Hopefully my music is medicine, some type of antidote for something or some kind of explanation or just to feel good.''' ,'''Honey isn't really that good for you.''' ,'''The music business is motivated by money. Music is motivated by energy and feelings.''' ,'''What I work hard at doing is staying on a path of being kind and showing and proving that I'm a good person to society. That's hard. The talent, that's a gift. I just came here like that.''' ,'''I'm a Pisces, so I'm a very closed-book kind of person.''' ,'''I don't read music or anything, so when I produce, I go basically by ear.''' ,'''I can be Erykah the human being more than the celebrity.''' ,'''It's almost like a lot of black people in America, a lot of young black men, are born with this cloud over their heads. It's their penitentiary cloud, this philosophy we all have, that it's harder for us.''' ,'''Artists need some kind of stimulating experience a lot of times, which crystallizes when you sing about it or paint it or sculpt it. You literally mold the experience the way you want. It's therapy.''' ,'''I have advice for people - period - who are in unhealthy relationships: Follow your heart. It will get you to where you need to be. Sometimes it's hard, sometimes it's easy, the places that your heart takes you. But continue to follow it. Where the train leads you - you'll get there.''' ,'''No one chooses to raise children alone.''' ,'''I started performing at two or three on a tape recorder, one of those little flat recorders where you just push play and record.''' ,'''When you're in a relationship you want it to work. My parents did, I did. But we are not taught how to make it work.''' ,]
+++