+++
author = "Barry Manilow"
title = "Barry Manilow Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Barry Manilow Quotes"
keywords = "barry manilow,barry manilow quotes,barry manilow quote,barry manilow sayings,barry manilow saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's just no quiet in Vegas.''' ,'''I didn't want to be treated like a 'star.' I fought it constantly, and I think I was rude.''' ,'''For a Jewish guy, I've recorded a lot of Christmas albums.''' ,'''You can't possibly prepare for what happens to you the day you hit No. 1 and people treat you differently.''' ,'''Everybody has to find out: who are you? What do you believe in?''' ,'''No one person or material thing could ever come close to the feeling I get when the music is right.''' ,'''Every few years, I go back into all the songs and I update them so that it never sounds like an oldies show. If you come to the shows, they're full of muscle. 'Copacabana' sounds like it could have been released yesterday.''' ,'''Touring is a young man's game, but after 30 years of it, I want to stay home.''' ,'''Everything you say and do is having an impact on others.''' ,'''The public needs to know - they need to know as much about atrial fibrillation as they do about cancer and diabetes.''' ,'''What we hear now is great-sounding records with great-sounding grooves and loops. And the sound of these records is irresistible, but the craft of songwriting is just about over. That's why, whenever I get an opportunity to do an album full of standards, I jump at it because I miss it.''' ,'''You say something stupid and the next morning you're in the headlines.''' ,'''QVC has been very good to me.''' ,'''Misfits aren't misfits among other misfits.''' ,'''I am a musician. My passion for music has obliterated everything in its path for my entire life.''' ,'''My hair was slicked down with a part. But that was before I discovered the blow-dryer. Now I'm fabulous.''' ,'''I believe in my writing.''' ,'''First of all, I've been having a wonderful run of luck with cover albums, songs I didn't write. I had five pop cover albums and two Christmas albums, and they were all very successful.''' ,'''Whenever there was a choice between music and anything else, music won hands down every time.''' ,'''The shows at the Hilton are the most exciting shows I've ever done. The stage is huge, but the theater is intimate, so we can have a magnificent production and still connect with the audience.''' ,'''I was the Justin Bieber of the '70s. Really, I was.''' ,'''I'm still hungry. I've still got a million ideas. I'm still strong and ready to create.''' ,'''I come from nowhere Brooklyn, New York. Williamsburg, Brooklyn. These days Williamsburg is kind of a hip area, but when I grew up there, the taxi drivers wouldn't even go over the bridge, it was so dangerous.''' ,'''These days, with 'American Idol' and all the other reality shows, young people become famous overnight, and that can be very difficult to handle, the way photographers follow you around and study your every move.''' ,'''I love any opportunity I have to make music.''' ,'''Here's proof that if you live long enough, anything is possible.''' ,'''My goal was always to be involved in music that would outlive me. And maybe that's actually happening.''' ,''''Tryin' to Get the Feeling' has been a revelation. I'd forgotten how powerful that was. I'd forgotten how deep I can crawl into that one, and maybe because I'm older it means even more.''' ,'''I feel that after all those horrible reviews and jokes, I wasn't crazy all these years to stand up for the music I believe in. This album has proven that somewhere in the human race, the human heart is still racing and breaking and I am so grateful.''' ,'''My style of music is the great American songbook meets the pop world of the Seventies and Eighties.''' ,'''Sneakers are not my thing.''' ,'''You know, when I did 'American Idol' the three times, I tried to tell these kids you have to tell the story of the lyric.''' ,'''To write a love song that might be able to make it on the radio, that is something that is terrifying to me. But I can definitely write a song about that chair over there. That I can do, but to sit and write a pop song out of the clear blue sky, that is very difficult and I admire the people that can do it.''' ,''''If I Should Love Again' - I was just so impressed with myself writing something like that. It wasn't a single and people didn't really know about it, but it's a beautiful song and that's part of what I'm loving.''' ,'''Atrial fibrillation has been the low man on the totem pole and so we're just trying to get more visibility about this particular disease and how dangerous this could be.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm old as the hills and you would think I'd be out to pasture someplace because I've done everything, but nothing has changed.''' ,]
+++