+++
author = "Pendleton Ward"
title = "Pendleton Ward Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Pendleton Ward Quotes"
keywords = "pendleton ward,pendleton ward quotes,pendleton ward quote,pendleton ward sayings,pendleton ward saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''So just make films and put them on the internet and promote them by sending links to different animation/film blogs. I think that's a solid first step towards being a show maker.''' ,'''I've watched cartoons my entire life, and I know my mom has always wanted me to turn off the TV if she hears annoying voices too often from the television - if she hears sort of cartoon 'acting.'''' ,'''My first job out of school was the 'Adventure Time' pilot. I was lucky enough to have my first lead on a job at a company called Frederator. They were accepting pitches for a shorts program.''' ,'''I go to comic shops because I like to just listen to nerds arguing about nerd stuff to relax.''' ,'''Dealing with people every day wears on you.''' ,'''I play a lot of video games. I've started playing even more games since I heard Cartoon Network was interested in making an 'Adventure Time' game.''' ,'''I was a sensitive kid. I remember being really loving - and putting my head on people's shoulders when I was little until people started telling me I was weird.''' ,'''I spent a year storyboarding and writing on a show called 'The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack' for Cartoon Network, which really taught me how to run a show. Or at least the idea of running a show.''' ,'''That's what I'm interested in doing: making stuff that's going to blow kids' minds for the first time.''' ,'''I feel like a lot of girl characters in anything usually end up being either extremely tough or extremely ditzy. There's always some sort of extreme personality trait that they have. I like to try writing girls that feel like normal people, like normal women that you'd meet in real life.''' ,'''If you're an aspiring show maker, and you have the means to sit around for a few months, you should be making funny cartoons and uploading them to the internet.''' ,'''I like making children's television.''' ,'''So I know that if anything's on television people will be drawn to it to some extent.''' ,'''As a kid I was very conscious of trying to be functional and not be too odd.''' ,]
+++