+++
author = "Micah Richards"
title = "Micah Richards Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Micah Richards Quotes"
keywords = "micah richards,micah richards quotes,micah richards quote,micah richards sayings,micah richards saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you see me when I first burst onto the scene, you see how quickly I could turn for a big lad and how fast I was up and down the pitch. Then I started picking and choosing my time to go forwards because I was scared of my hamstring going or my knee not dealing with it.''' ,'''Luckily, I'm not one of these players who get nervous.''' ,'''My favourite actor is Denzel Washington, he's a smooth character so he could play me too!''' ,'''But when you are an injured footballer, especially when you are out for as long as I was, you find out all about the dark side of the game.''' ,'''I work for the BBC now. I do it because I genuinely love football.''' ,'''I know a lot of players would just take the money at City. But I'd rather take a pay cut and play every week.''' ,'''I wasn't a natural defender. I was a striker as a kid. I have learned a lot but there is more to learn, of course.''' ,'''When you are a successful footballer, you get put on a pedestal. You are the person your friends and family look up to, and they do not know how to approach you when things are going wrong, even when you just need someone to reach out to you and ask you if you are all right.''' ,'''I'll watch an MLS game if it's on.''' ,'''A lot of the older pros - I won't name names - they need the money and are bitter about the money in modern football.''' ,'''People think because I was at City that I've only won leagues and cups, but I was there when we were struggling.''' ,'''I don't necessarily like the things footballers do. All these kissing the badge, just doing it for the clout.''' ,'''When I first came in Stuart Pearce was great for me, gave me my debut at 17. Back then I wasn't really playing for much and you could just go out there and enjoy it.''' ,'''When I was younger, I always thought, 'I can do anything' but I felt myself turning slower, picking up hamstring injuries. It went from bad to worse.''' ,'''I'm quite boring away from football, chilling with my mates and having down time with my family.''' ,'''Do I like most footballers? Not really. Joe Hart, Shaun Wright-Phillips, Joleon Lescott, Gabby Agbonlahor and a group of the guys at Villa - good people.''' ,'''The magic of the cup is winning it, or causing an upset as far as I am concerned - but it is not so enjoyable for anyone when you are on the receiving end.''' ,'''I'm just the same as any other kid, my mum gets me to the do the washing up and help with the chores - nothing much has changed there.''' ,'''I am a very positive person, but you don't get taught how to deal with the end of your career. Never.''' ,'''I loved the banter with the fans and the thought I was giving something back to the people who support me. But then you get people telling me to go and play for Africa. What do they mean by that? It's so narrow-minded and it's hard to take.''' ,'''I appreciate what I have and, when people called me flash in the past, it hurt. I read an article not long ago saying I had given up all the bling and was concentrating on my football. Forget the football articles, that was one of the most satisfying things I have ever read about myself.''' ,'''I've not always played well for City, but I'd never been the scapegoat, coming off at half-time when in my head I thought I was having a decent game. It was weird, unnatural, it had never happened to me before and it felt like no matter what I did it wasn't good enough any more.''' ,'''I knew my knee was getting worse at Villa. The first season was dreadful and we went down. But speak to the Villa fans - take away the last three years - they were saying at the start that I should be playing for England.''' ,'''When I was younger I wish there had been more opportunities to just go out and enjoy myself. So, now that I am in a privileged position I want to try and be a positive influence if I can.''' ,'''If I had stayed at City I think I would have been someone who simply filled in when I was required. I'd rather go elsewhere and play regularly. Be a bigger part of a smaller team.''' ,'''Mark Hughes really liked me, because he played me in a lot of games, but for some reason I just couldn't hit the form I wanted. It was nothing personal against him or the way he did things.''' ,'''Sunderland, West Ham and Orlando City wanted me but Villa wouldn't sell me, saying I was too vital in the dressing room.''' ,'''Off the pitch, everyone says I and Mario Balotelli look alike, but I don't think so. A fan was waiting for a long time after a game for me. When I came out it turned out he was waiting as he thought I was Mario. He was pretty disappointed!''' ,'''I loved Twitter. But I was going to end up saying something that would get me into trouble. I have kept a clean nose for a couple of years and wouldn't want something like Twitter to ruin it.''' ,'''I know it didn't always go so well under Mark Hughes but it wasn't as if he didn't give me a chance or anything. He really did.''' ,'''There were times while I was injured at Villa when I felt like I was a ghost.''' ,'''It was weird at Fiorentina, because I wouldn't sign a contract and commit, so they played somebody else. But I definitely think it was still a good move and living in Florence was probably one of the best times of my life.''' ,'''I won the Premier League and played for England but it seems everyone always remembers me best for swearing live on BBC One on a Sunday afternoon.''' ,'''On social media, you have a mask on where you are smiling, but you're crying inside. And that was me.''' ,'''Well certain managers will see you make mistakes and they'll tell you about it and then they've told you once and if you do it again, then it's up to you.''' ,'''I like Carlos Tevez. He's probably the best striker I've played with.''' ,'''From 17 to 19 or 20 I was just getting praise. Then when things aren't going so well you're getting most of the stick and it's hard at such a young age. That's when your confidence goes.''' ,'''You don't see players at United complaining to their manager when they are taken off.''' ,'''When I was a kid I used to look at Wes Brown. I loved him as a player.''' ,'''You couldn't get away with anything at City because there were always photographers everywhere.''' ,'''I'm very into my cars. I always ready the Top Gear magazines just to see what cars are out next and what sort of performance they give. It can range from the smallest cars to the biggest ones.''' ,'''I wouldn't advise anyone to blow their money on cars.''' ,'''But you can never take anything for granted in the FA Cup, because an upset is always only just around the corner, and I have experienced those too.''' ,'''I've always said given a chance, with me being 100 per cent and none of the niggling injuries I always seem to pick up now and then, that I can compete with anyone in the league who is challenging in my position.''' ,]
+++