+++
author = "Peter Shilton"
title = "Peter Shilton Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Peter Shilton Quotes"
keywords = "peter shilton,peter shilton quotes,peter shilton quote,peter shilton sayings,peter shilton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You can never turn the clock back and, since we're talking about mental health, I would stress that.''' ,'''As a goalkeeper you need to be good at organising the people in front of you and motivating them. You need to see what's going on and react to the threats. Just like a good manager in business.''' ,'''Revie said there was nothing between me and Ray yet he never gave me a chance to show what I could do.''' ,'''I'm not a big music fan. Well, I am a big fan, but I'm not the type of person who buys stuff.''' ,'''I played for 30 years, 20 with England and I did it by setting goals.''' ,'''I prefer more spicy food to your Italian to be fair.''' ,'''If you stand still there is only one way to go, and that's backwards.''' ,'''The money is in a different league these days, of course, but I have special memories of the 60s and 70s which players today don't have. There wasn't the same celebrity attitude and media exposure. We had a bit more freedom.''' ,'''I don't take a lot of notice of odds.''' ,'''I mean no disrespect to Scottish football, but the Premier League is the biggest stage and highest profile league of all.''' ,'''There are similarities between business and sport, in the pressures involved and in the fitness aspect too.''' ,'''When you talk about obesity, there's so many things that can cause that. It can be a medical thing, or down to the individual. There's a lot of other things involved than eating a Mars bar.''' ,'''Being fit will keep you mentally sharp and people forget that.''' ,'''To play in the World Cup and try to win something for England was the ultimate.''' ,'''There have always been card schools at football clubs and always will be.''' ,'''I'm still very professional about my fitness. I stay in trim as I always did.''' ,]
+++