+++
author = "Ryan Eggold"
title = "Ryan Eggold Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Ryan Eggold Quotes"
keywords = "ryan eggold,ryan eggold quotes,ryan eggold quote,ryan eggold sayings,ryan eggold saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''So many limits in Catholic high school! I'm not a bad Catholic, but everything was off-limits.''' ,'''I think I'll always prefer theater to working in front of the camera. It seems a more distilled form of the craft.''' ,'''Making music and writing kind of come from the same creative place.''' ,'''When I'm on a second date with a girl, I'll ask myself, 'Can I marry this person?' And we're just trying to decide between salmon and chicken.''' ,'''I wore glasses my whole life, but then I got Lasik eyeball surgery, and I fixed that.''' ,'''One summer, my friend and I went to summer camp, and I acted in some plays there, and I fell in love with it.''' ,'''People-watching in New York while listening to Bach is kind of amazing.''' ,'''Smoking is gross.''' ,'''I think all of us could play the teacher because we all grew up with teachers. It's just kind of this peeking-over-the-shoulder presence that we've all grown up knowing.''' ,'''I've been on a lot of sets, and I've been around a lot of directors, and I've been working for many years now, but stepping in the shoes of being the decision maker and the guy that everybody is relying on at some point, yeah, it was challenging for sure. One thing is that you're responsible for a large group of people.''' ,'''I put a song out for fun, from 'Lucky Them'... I wrote another one called 'Love Song.' I really liked that.''' ,'''Jon Bokenkamp is awesome.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I handle attention well. I'd say I stumble over pick-up lines poorly. I'm not good at any of that.''' ,'''I'm not equipped for the social media thing.''' ,'''I play the guitar and the piano and have a group of guys who I play with. They're uber talented.''' ,'''With an independent film, you have a little more freedom, and you also have less money, so you're sort of struggling to get it done, to get something that works. With a big studio, everything is there for you, and it's easier.''' ,'''If I couldn't act, I'd really love to try music.''' ,'''It's a luxurious complaint to have as an actor, but playing the same character for many years can become routine.''' ,'''Nobody's perfect, but my dream gal would be intelligent. That's really sexy to me. And kindness is also really, really important. And spontaneity - being open to whatever comes.''' ,'''I have numerous clear glasses at home. I probably have thirty pairs. I think it started for acting. I have tons of clothes that just sit there. But if that one role comes up, I'm going to want that shirt. And I have glasses for that, too.''' ,'''I'm just a guy who wears TOMS. It's the sad truth.''' ,'''You have to figure out 'who am I?' 'What do I want to do?' 'What do I want to say?'''' ,'''Never stop taking risks. Just keep reaching.''' ,'''Mick Jagger was a lightning bolt of strange talent sent from above.''' ,'''I've been a 90-year-old man since I was 12 years old.''' ,'''I love all my fam. I have quite possibly the best dad, mom, and sister in the world.''' ,'''I love New York.''' ,'''Doing a film with somebody who's from a different country or culture than you is very fulfilling because they bring with them different insights, experiences, cultural norms, and expectations. All of those things can sort of broaden your own understanding of things or provide a different perspective.''' ,'''People really give you a hard time when you wear fake glasses out to a bar.''' ,'''I never got why actors don't like it when a fan comes up to them on the street. It is cool that someone recognizes what you do and makes you feel like you live in a community.''' ,'''I never have cash on me.''' ,'''I have read a thousand screenplays, and I have acted in a handful of them, and I have felt when it feels good, the writing, and it feels natural, and feels funny or sad or honest or whatever it may be. You connect. And I felt when it feels like writing, when it feels stale, or when it feels artificial or forced, or too theatrical or whatever.''' ,'''In terms of directing, there's a number of directors who definitely had a great impact on me, Woody Allen certainly being one of them.''' ,'''Marriage, for whatever reason, has always both interested and terrified me.''' ,]
+++