+++
author = "Bugzy Malone"
title = "Bugzy Malone Quotes"
quotes_len = "55"
description = "the best 55 Bugzy Malone Quotes"
keywords = "bugzy malone,bugzy malone quotes,bugzy malone quote,bugzy malone sayings,bugzy malone saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always been somebody that wanted to become somebody. And I think, with Bugzy Malone, that's me, that's who I am.''' ,'''You suffer from trauma from the things that you've been through because you come from a poverty-stricken background. There are a lot of us like that.''' ,'''Boxing was my first kind of job.''' ,'''Oasis allowed me to use lyrics from 'Wonderwall,' so I'm super gassed to re-version the track and get it to a new audience, as it's a classic.''' ,'''I'm trying to create art out of the pain that I've experienced.''' ,'''I watched 'Dawn of the Dead' when I was young and I was intrigued. I like the whole zombie thing - what would it be like in real life?''' ,'''Yeah, I get depressed. I think we all do.''' ,'''Music was a great way for me to express myself, there's topics I talk about in my songs, which I wouldn't have a conversation about in real life.''' ,'''I've got an audience now. They found me. I didn't go looking for them. I feel my music brought them all in.''' ,'''I spent a lot of time being creative as a child - painting, drawing and writing poetry.''' ,'''The main thing I got wrong in boxing was that I could do all the right things, but I didn't believe I could do it, and that's a big chink in your armor.''' ,'''That's what we're taught to do in Britain - you protect your castle.''' ,'''It's hard to be creative and to see your potential when you've not even got ground zero, when you've not even got the foundations to be able to express yourself.''' ,'''Music was more fitted to my temperament. If you were feeling sad and down in the boxing gym, you'd get hit more than you would on a normal day. If you're feeling sad and down and you're sitting in front of a computer with beats, you might make the best song you've ever made.''' ,'''I think I needed boxing as an excuse, to be busy, 'cause if I wasn't busy I was getting into trouble.''' ,'''My earliest memories of football were watching and being taught about the legends. Hearing about the likes of Diego Maradona and Pele and watching them on VHS tapes.''' ,'''I took up boxing when I needed something to ground me a bit.''' ,'''Boxing's one of the most difficult jobs in the world, so nothing but respect for these guys who literally put their lives on the line every time they get into the ring.''' ,'''Collyhurst and Moston was where I learned about professionalism. I'd never had a job prior to walking in the gym, and I witnessed the hard work that went into being a boxer.''' ,'''A lot of my family weren't present when I was young, so I was getting a lot of stories told to me about them. Certain members of family had reputations because they were involved in crime and stuff like that. Then, when I was out on the streets, I'd be hearing more stories about them. So I think my whole upbringing was just heavily story-oriented.''' ,'''One of my intentions is to - off the back of my success - show people outside of London that any of us can be successful.''' ,'''The writing and recording process is what I enjoy, it allows me to be creative and work with different artists and producers.''' ,'''I've come from an area where people's parents aren't so financially secure, so I link my origins to that struggle.''' ,'''My mum always wanted me to have a career. Now she says that I've gone and got myself the best one in the world.''' ,'''I see people crossing the road without looking, because the lights say that you can. They're acting as if there's never been a police chase, never been someone looking at their phone, or a drunk driver. When I see people like that I can see that they've not got survival skills. That's where me and a few other people differ.''' ,'''When you're coming from outside London, you know, you better be something special if you expect people to take you seriously. I broke the mould; I made it possible.''' ,'''I've been doing a lot of training and that's that. Boxing, weights, just been working.''' ,'''Training is a part of being the best version of yourself and you need to be the best version of yourself to be successful.''' ,'''I'm running my own business, my own record label, so I'm always dealing with heavy amounts of stress.''' ,'''I don't have to commit crimes, I don't have to do anything like that to try and make money.''' ,'''Being from a different city is my USP - my unique selling point.''' ,'''I remember seeing 'Kill Bill' when I was younger and I was like 'wow.'''' ,'''I think being an artist is freedom, and that's the most important thing.''' ,'''My uncle was a gangster in the real gangster days. I witnessed it, I felt it, I smelt it the situation, I was involved. It was like knowing a movie star.''' ,'''Money is a token, money buys freedom, it don't necessarily buy happiness and I've still got things I'm overcoming in my own mind, but money will buy you the freedom to not have to work as many hours. Money will buy you the freedom to spend more time with your family.''' ,'''I got out of jail when I was about 17. You feel as if you're behind, so it made me feel as if I had to work doubly as hard as everybody else to try and make up the ground that I'd lost.''' ,'''I feel like it's my discipline in life that has made my music career so long and successful.''' ,'''For me, boxing is just a hobby and a science that I enjoy. I enjoy studying it and I'm a fan of the guys that are doing well.''' ,'''I've been able to change my life, change some of my friends' lives, my family's life.''' ,'''My music is quite diverse, but it blends Grime, Hip-Hop, Old Skool and other urban genres together.''' ,'''When you're from a background where you've seen your mum beaten up in front of you, you're a dysfunctional human being. You deal with humiliation different. You deal with not understanding different. School is a hard environment and you get squeezed out of it. That's what happened to me.''' ,'''What I found with depression was that it occurred when I was lying dormant, when I had nothing better to do.''' ,'''Boxing is one of the hardest jobs in the world, so when I found my career path, what I'd learnt in the boxing gym meant I was head and shoulders above everybody else.''' ,'''I know that we've all got to pass one day but why do the young get took?''' ,'''In the beginning of my career I was so tough on myself, because I knew I had to cement my brand, and I wasn't very kind to myself.''' ,'''Each night is a different audience so I've got to be top each night.''' ,'''I've put projects out on my own label twice now and been very successful which shows you don't need a major label to back you in this day and age.''' ,'''There needs to be a ruthlessness in the pursuit otherwise the first sign of a challenge and you just give up!''' ,'''I believe that if you can see it in your head, exactly the way it's going to be, then that's how it's going to be.''' ,'''I came from a background where there wasn't loads of money in the family so I wasn't necessarily always the first to get jerseys but I did always make sure I had the England kit.''' ,'''I can remember watching MTV Cribs - these amazing houses - and looking around my house where there was no carpet on the floors. You feel hopeless, and that can manifest itself in all kinds of emotions: sadness can turn to anger, and anger might turn to aggression.''' ,'''I'm a professional with very little time on my hands. I've got better things to be doing than buying a pint of milk.''' ,'''There's nothing good about jail. Having your freedom taken off you... It's nothing to be proud of and it's not any fun no matter how you passed the time.''' ,'''Growing up I used to watch documentaries on people like Muhammad Ali, Mike Tyson. I've grown up fascinated with legends and legacies.''' ,'''Grime music is still a young culture in itself. And my goal is to move it on to a more respected place.''' ,]
+++