+++
author = "Rachel Brosnahan"
title = "Rachel Brosnahan Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Rachel Brosnahan Quotes"
keywords = "rachel brosnahan,rachel brosnahan quotes,rachel brosnahan quote,rachel brosnahan sayings,rachel brosnahan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Early on, you don't have the luxury of a lot of choices. Sometimes you're forced to do things that will advance your career and not necessarily things that fulfill you artistically, but I've been fortunate to do a lot of both.''' ,'''Drama was all I ever wanted to do. There was no plan B!''' ,'''I'm somebody who hasn't really felt fairly confident in my own life.''' ,'''I would like to try to never do the same thing twice, and fail huge sometimes.''' ,'''It's a strange thing that we're actors, and we're always playing a character, and then suddenly we're at a place like Cannes, and we're getting photographed as ourselves, and you're like, 'What do you do?'''' ,'''I can't walk in heels at all.''' ,'''I grew up happily immersed in Jewish culture and community.''' ,'''There's an audience that is paid to laugh at my jokes. I'm playing a character while I'm doing stand-up. Real stand-ups, man, they're playing themselves. I'd be far too terrified.''' ,'''No one should ever be forced to choose between food and education, or medicine and shelter when they don't have the resources. It's very unfair.''' ,'''I grew up on the North Shore of Chicago, and I don't think I had a friend that wasn't Jewish. I spent more time in a temple than any other house of worship. I've been to about 150 bar and bat mitzvahs.''' ,'''I know so many extraordinary women who I never get to see represented on screen, and that's shameful.''' ,'''I think you always carry a little bit of your character you've ever played with you. And I hope I'm able to carry some of Mrs. Maisel with me.''' ,'''Wrestling is like improv. You have to feel and sense what the other person is going to do next and respond faster than they do.''' ,'''I think home has become my friends and family, wherever they are.''' ,'''Period pieces hold up a mirror to the world that we live in.''' ,'''Comedy was not necessarily the thing that I thought it would be, but I was searching for something that felt scary to me.''' ,'''I'm used to one-dimensional female friendships. It's become a kind of trope.''' ,'''It's very difficult when you have $1.50 per day to spend on food and drink, but for people who live this reality, that money also has to cover medical expenses and education, fuel and shelter - sometimes for an entire family.''' ,'''I can't take anything seriously.''' ,'''If you play a doctor on TV, you probably shouldn't try performing surgery.''' ,'''You are the only you. That means you don't lose roles to anybody else. There's no competition, so they either want you or they don't want you, and it's not that they wanted someone else over you.''' ,'''I feel like I want to and have to do everything once.''' ,'''I really love period pieces.''' ,'''I think where I feel the most vulnerable and anxious and sometimes insecure is when it comes to my work. It's arguably the thing that I care about the most.''' ,'''Trying my hand at standup was exciting to me.''' ,'''I need to do more on stage. I've got to get my fix!''' ,'''History is told through the eyes of men about men.''' ,'''Home is where your rump rests.''' ,'''I was under the false impression that I could sing in high school, so I did a lot of musical stuff. I can't sing or dance, so that was entertaining for everyone.''' ,'''I think one of the things I enjoy about acting is the transformation, and part of that is certainly the physical transformation. If people are confused forever, wondering where they have seen me before, that feels like exactly where I want to live. It feels like something's working.''' ,'''Issa Rae is a hero of mine, and I'm going to try not to completely creep her out. I love 'Insecure.'''' ,'''I can finally say I'm a professional actress.''' ,'''I can't claim to ever have done stand-up.''' ,'''I find theater terrifying. There are no do-overs, you know? It's all happening live. You need to be in it 100 percent at any given moment, and the audience is right there. I'm really intimidated by theater, but it is my first true love. I love theater. I love that anxiety.''' ,'''I wanted to absorb the comedy world by osmosis. But I really loved kind of throwing myself in head first.''' ,'''Eventually somebody will want me, and there will be a role that is mine.''' ,'''I think everybody, especially every woman that you speak to, has gone through periods of their life where they feel uncertain or insecure. But I've been fortunate in my own life never to have gone through extended periods of crippling insecurity.''' ,]
+++