+++
author = "Jennifer Morrison"
title = "Jennifer Morrison Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Jennifer Morrison Quotes"
keywords = "jennifer morrison,jennifer morrison quotes,jennifer morrison quote,jennifer morrison sayings,jennifer morrison saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel like a Mac store! I have a Canadian iPhone, an American iPhone and an iPad. I'm constantly downloading music to iTunes.''' ,'''I like when a guy wears a T-shirt, and you can see a little curve of the muscle sticking out. That's sexy!''' ,'''I have seven scars from having moles removed. One was a melanoma, six were precancerous. Get your moles checked!''' ,'''I drink coconut water before my workouts. It has just the right amount of calories and electrolytes to get me going. My body has actually started craving it.''' ,'''Jamie Dornan is one of those guys who has no idea how gorgeous he is. He's crazy in love with his girlfriend and a crazy talent and a great singer and a great actor; just a lovely, lovely human being. It kind of makes you want to throw up a bit, but in all the right ways!''' ,'''I love acting because you don't have to do the same thing over and over again, every day, and that's what attracted me to wanting to do this for a living. So to be given an opportunity to create something completely different and live that out is the dream. It's incredibly rewarding.''' ,'''I have a closet full of blazers and more striped shirts than any human could possibly wear. Somehow I think that I don't have striped shirts, and then I look at my closet and go, 'Oh, I have ten.' But then you always end up with your favourite striped shirt of the moment, and you don't end up wearing any of the other ones.''' ,'''I use the Koh Gen Do face cleanser and the foaming face wash. The cleanser takes the makeup off and then the foaming face wash is like a deep cleaner. I use this lotion called Fenix, it has a little bit of SPF in it.''' ,'''I get my highlights touched up with Susan Henry at Shades in Beverly Hills. She developed hypo-allergenic hair color products with no ammonia because she's allergic to others; she's an incredible colorist. She does balayage instead of the foils, and I'll go and she will do my entire head of highlights in an hour.''' ,'''I discovered what is and isn't important to me. I decided I really wanted to enjoy life with someone fun, who can make the best out of any situation - whatever it is we're doing.''' ,'''I got my SAG card when I was 10 by starring in a Beenie Weenie's commercial.''' ,'''My favorite movie ever is 'Bicycle Thieves.'''' ,'''I love In-N-Out Burgers!''' ,'''It's easiest for me to be blonde because I'm naturally blonde; my roots are light enough that all I have to do is just highlight my hair every few months.''' ,''''House' was such a special part of my life.''' ,'''We're in a time now where technology is such that we can create anything, and that's what's new about television and film these days.''' ,'''When my hair was dark for 'House,' that was the hardest to maintain because it was like every three weeks my light roots would start coming in. And you can't really just dye your hair one color brown because then it looks like a helmet on television, so then I had to have four colors of brown woven into my hair every three weeks.''' ,'''Cleaning is my favorite way to relax. I clear things out and get rid of the stuff I don't need. When the food pantry and the refrigerator are organized, I feel less stressed.''' ,'''I'm trying to incorporate colour into my life. Until recently, everything in my closet was black, white, grey, navy or olive.''' ,'''I would have to say that working on 'Warrior' felt more like working on a play than any other film I've ever done.''' ,'''In life, there are those relationships where you really love someone, but they're just not right for you and there's a little bittersweet feel to it.''' ,'''I'm a natural blonde, but my hair has been almost every color you can imagine. As an actor, I like to get into my character as much as I can, and often that starts with the color of my hair.''' ,'''The longer I'm alive, the more I realize how little I know. Pretending that you know everything about every topic, and being very vocal about it? That's an instant turnoff.''' ,'''I adore Smashbox lip stains. I carry a natural color for daytime and a berry shade for going out at night.''' ,'''For me, in general, it's always about the material. Obviously, it's about the material and hoping that someone wants to hire me for a job, too, but I've certainly seen films like 'Orphan' and movies like that where I know that if I had had the opportunity to read that script or had an opportunity to do it, I would have wanted to do it.''' ,'''I keep my diet simple by sticking to mostly fruits and vegetables all day and then having whatever I want for dinner. I end up making healthy choices, like sushi or grilled fish, because I feel so good from eating well.''' ,'''I'm on an Isabel Marant kick. She does an amazing job of making things that are everyday-wearable but also special and a little bit different. I definitely like that she has a '70s western vibe. There's something that's very fun and vintage in what she's doing.''' ,'''I'm a sucker for giving people money on the street. I don't know if it's a good or a bad thing, but I can't help myself.''' ,'''A great pickup line is one I don't even notice. It has me connecting with you, laughing, having a good time. And that definitely gets my attention.''' ,'''I always have my passport on me, as well as two currencies.''' ,'''I really do see the good in people, and I don't want to change that. That's really how I view things, so sometimes I'll look past a lot of huge red flags because I see something else in someone. Then, of course, it always comes back to haunt me in the long run.''' ,'''Yoga probably makes me a better person.''' ,'''I buy tons of magazines. They're a big part of how I research characters. And I keep them around and go back to them years later. I just have stacks.''' ,'''Unite has a great dry shampoo called 7Seconds. After a hot yoga class, when I'm super sweaty I spray this on and my hair comes back to life. Miraculous!''' ,'''I don't know if there is anyone who wouldn't want to play some kind of superhero. I don't know if the world is getting sick of superhero movies or not, but I think you will endlessly have actors who are intrigued by the idea of playing a superhero.''' ,'''If someone's lying about something small, you don't know what else they're lying about. I'm a big girl, I can handle the truth - even if it's not good news.''' ,]
+++