+++
author = "Corbin Bleu"
title = "Corbin Bleu Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Corbin Bleu Quotes"
keywords = "corbin bleu,corbin bleu quotes,corbin bleu quote,corbin bleu sayings,corbin bleu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Kids look up to me, and it's really incredible to be in that position.''' ,'''I am a very open, social, friendly person, and when it comes to people approaching me and asking for an autograph, I am totally cool with doing any of that. It's a lot of fun.''' ,'''I can do a really high-pitched cartoon voice. Everybody always say they like that.''' ,'''Everyone is different, but I'm not standoffish at all. I'm not one of those people who prefer to write a note. I'll walk right up to you and ask you out! Even if the answer's no, I'm totally cool with it.''' ,'''I can move both of my eyes separately in different directions.''' ,'''I was the lead in two musicals, and I took dance classes.''' ,'''I love competition and really going for it and doing my best, but losing isn't really upsetting to me. I feel like if I do lose, the other person really deserved it.''' ,'''I'm a very outgoing person. I'm always happy, I'm one of those people who are always smiling. If somebody described me to somebody else, they'd say the kid with the curly hair with the big smile on his face. I get along with everybody.''' ,'''Once in a while you start having second thoughts, then you read a letter from someone that lifts your spirits so much - it really makes a huge difference. I love reading them.''' ,'''You've got to be fine with who you are.''' ,'''Everybody at school knew who I was because I'm just a really friendly person.''' ,'''My favorite show is America's Funniest Home Videos. People will get hit on the head and I feel bad cause I'm laughing my head off!''' ,'''I like outgoing girls with a lovely smile and beautiful eyes.''' ,]
+++