+++
author = "Emre Can"
title = "Emre Can Quotes"
quotes_len = "82"
description = "the best 82 Emre Can Quotes"
keywords = "emre can,emre can quotes,emre can quote,emre can sayings,emre can saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It feels good to get to a final, but it makes no sense when you lose, so you have to win the final.''' ,'''I played a lot at Bayer Leverkusen. I played in the Champions League and in the Bundesliga. I have played a lot of games, and it was a very good decision to go to Leverkusen.''' ,'''The Confed Cup is a chance for me to prove what I can do.''' ,'''Van Gaal does a good job wherever he is.''' ,'''It's true, I had a lot of offers from very good teams, but I decided Juventus because I think the project is very big, and they have very big aims, and I want to be a part of the big project here.''' ,'''My target is to score more goals, not necessarily be the next Steven Gerrard. Obviously, my respect for him is very high, but I want to go my own way. I want to be Emre Can, not copy other players.''' ,'''When you have a new manager, and everything is new, it gives every team a lift.''' ,'''It was an easy decision for me to sign with Liverpool.''' ,'''Any move is a risk. Nothing is guaranteed in football.''' ,'''I enjoy supporting projects involving disadvantaged young people and people with disabilities.''' ,'''As a kid, my parents told me I always seemed to play football with older people. As a boy, I always trained in the age group above, and even kicking about on the street, I'd play with the bigger ones.''' ,'''I'm doing great in England.''' ,'''Over the long term, it is definitely my ambition to play in the midfield.''' ,'''I am a completely different player to Ballack and Schweinsteiger. I admire the careers they have had - I hope mine will be like theirs - but I am not the same.''' ,'''You always have to believe in yourself! I think that is the most important thing.''' ,'''In the Bundesliga, you have Bayern Munich, and they win it every year. Or Dortmund.''' ,'''Juventus is a team who wins titles, and that's what I want, and that's why we fit very good together.''' ,'''Every year in the Premier League, every team is improving. Every team is buying new players.''' ,'''We're not women - we're playing football.''' ,'''Steven Gerrard doesn't play because his name is Steven Gerrard. He plays because of what he brings in terms of performances. If that wasn't the case, he wouldn't play. He is as good as he was, and I have learned a lot from him.''' ,'''You can only advise young players to make the step to Liverpool.''' ,'''I say always that the Premier League is the best league in the world, and it's an honour to play here.''' ,'''I always say the Premier League is the best in the world, and I still feel it is an honour to be playing here, but I think English football suits my game. Football is more physical here; the ref is not whistling every foul.''' ,'''I never thought being a Liverpool player would be easy.''' ,'''I don't regret leaving Bayern Munich. I am convinced it was the correct step for me.''' ,'''I just concentrate on my performance and the football.''' ,'''I came to Leverkusen as a very young player and didn't have many Bundesliga games back then. I wasn't well known.''' ,'''I want to play injury-free.''' ,'''A piece of my heart will always be with Liverpool.''' ,'''It's not always easy to come to the national team and be on the bench.''' ,'''When you play football, you have to do a lot of running.''' ,'''Nobody at Liverpool questions the manager. Jurgen Klopp is a top, top manager.''' ,'''Sadio is a world-class player. He has so many qualities. He's a very strong player; he's a very quick player. He's always scoring goals and creating chances for the team.''' ,'''I left Bayern because I needed the game time.''' ,'''Without being disrespectful to Leverkusen, playing for Liverpool helps me more because I am playing for one of the biggest clubs in the world, and I have no regrets making this step.''' ,'''Sure, the Bundesliga would interest me. Why not?''' ,'''My first aim is to stay healthy and help the team.''' ,'''I always make sure I work hard every day and give everything in the game, in training, and off the pitch, too.''' ,'''I am happy at Liverpool.''' ,'''The Premier League is just a really cool league, the most interesting in the world, but you must always respect other big clubs and leagues.''' ,'''Jurgen Klopp is certainly a great coach. I think he has demonstrated at Dortmund that he can suit any team in the world.''' ,'''I think you are wrong if you play a Champions League game, and you don't find motivation.''' ,'''Of course, sometimes you are tired and everything, but I think the most important thing is the mentality - if you say you are fit and want to go, then you can go every game.''' ,'''I want to go my own way - to build my own career. To be known as Emre Can.''' ,'''Juventus has always tried to win the Champions League.''' ,'''I'm trying to get the best out of myself.''' ,'''When we lose the ball, we look to win it back as soon as possible. But you can't do it alone; you have to do it all together.''' ,'''I know, when I am fit and pain-free, I am confident.''' ,'''It is always difficult, if you win against City, everybody expects it to be an easy win, but it will not be easy. It will be very difficult.''' ,'''If teams come to Anfield, I don't think they will be expecting to get an easy game.''' ,'''I have to work hard. I have to get fitness back. If I get game time - which is always different to training - I have to work hard on my game and get confidence again.''' ,'''It is very nice to be compared to Steven Gerrard, but I know I am not at the same level.''' ,'''If you play for Liverpool, for such a big club, it is always the target: it has to be always to win silverware.''' ,'''I want to become a world-class player.''' ,'''I'm happy, of course, when I can score and help the team.''' ,'''Juventus is a huge club. I followed the team since I was young.''' ,'''Jurgen Klopp does have a winning mentality; he is hungry for titles.''' ,'''Liverpool FC is a great club, and the fans are amongst the best in the world.''' ,'''I always have a drive to take me forward offensively, regardless of what position I am playing.''' ,'''I've had calf problems for many years, and it has been very difficult for me because I've played out of position, which means more sprints. Ten minutes into the game, I've not been able to feel my feet in a few games. I didn't like to go to the media and say, 'I am injured.'''' ,'''I want to be a big player one day, and to be that, you have to win titles.''' ,'''It's difficult to go out when there is a match every third day. There isn't that much time - it's either preparation or recovery - and I would rather spend my time with friends at home.''' ,'''I've developed a lot under Jurgen Klopp. I am very grateful to him, and it is a lot of fun to work with him.''' ,'''You can learn being off the pitch. If you are sitting in the stands, you can see how the whole team plays.''' ,'''The Premier League has the power to spend more money on players than the Bundesliga. This is very, very important for players.''' ,'''I try to show myself at Liverpool, and when I come to the national team, I try to show myself in training or in games.''' ,'''Really, the club is like a big family. The locker-room spirit is also similar to what I had experienced at Liverpool, but I really like it here at Juventus, because it's not just a set of champions. The sense of a team, the group, is strongly felt.''' ,'''We speak Turkish at home, and I can speak the language. I have a lot of family there - I try to fly to Turkey once a year when I have holidays.''' ,'''It is always better to play and be on the pitch.''' ,'''The big teams will want to avoid Liverpool. Everyone knows we are a very strong side.''' ,'''When you play constantly for strong sides, then the pressure is always on you.''' ,'''I never had problems with Klopp.''' ,'''I think all coaches have their own way of doing things.''' ,'''I know Schweinsteiger very well, and I used to play with him. He's a very good guy and a legend.''' ,'''Everybody knows that Jurgen Klopp is a great manager and a great guy as well.''' ,'''The position in the middle of the field is the position I'm most comfortable with and where I can improve the most.''' ,'''My goal is to play a lot, more often, and to be a leader.''' ,'''I want to make it very clear that I have nothing at all against Bayern. They gave me lot of good things, a good education, and it was my decision to leave.''' ,'''I believe that I am a different person off the pitch than I am on it. On the pitch, I am a bit louder, and off the pitch, I am quieter.''' ,'''Everyone who knows me knows my respect for women: equality and respect.''' ,'''Football is like that - sometimes you have good times, sometimes you have bad times.''' ,'''I don't think anyone can replace Steven Gerrard, be it Messi or whoever.''' ,]
+++