+++
author = "Lisa Joy"
title = "Lisa Joy Quotes"
quotes_len = "90"
description = "the best 90 Lisa Joy Quotes"
keywords = "lisa joy,lisa joy quotes,lisa joy quote,lisa joy sayings,lisa joy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Audiences are just like us as writers - we grow attached to characters. In certain ways you don't want them to change.''' ,'''Nobody ever has a problem if a man writes a woman. I wanted to be able to say, 'Well, I can write your men and your action, too. You don't just have to give me the love scenes, which I don't even think are my strong suit.'''' ,'''Another writer might question whether you're feeling competitive. But if I talk to Jonah, I know that he truly values my success more than his own. And I truly value his success more than my own. There's a generosity there.''' ,'''For me, writing became a way of processing not just my own experiences, but the experiences of other people, and their pain.''' ,'''It's wonderful to work with actors we haven't worked with before.''' ,'''If you play a game like 'Grand Theft Auto' you don't go home afterwards and cry because you ran over a couple characters, because you do not give them personhood.''' ,'''For me, I've always been fascinated by tales of the Chinese railroad and the workers and the conditions of the workers who built the railroad.''' ,'''Working on 'Westworld' has been an incredible experience in learning to make something with the scope of a feature on a TV timeline with a budget nowhere near what you would expect for a feature film equivalent.''' ,'''I need to be believe that dragons are real. I want them be a real thing.''' ,'''I didn't need a harassment scandal to break out in Hollywood or misogynistic people in government to know they exist. Anybody who's a woman, a minority, or a thinking, perceiving male can see that it exists.''' ,'''We can understand both our nature and our nurture, but understanding is only the first step.''' ,'''But I'm the child of a tiger mom.''' ,'''At first, 'Westworld' was a project we had declined to do.''' ,'''No matter how long my day job hours were, I always made time to write. I wrote fiction, short stories, and poetry. I never shared it with anybody.''' ,'''Don't just sit there dreaming; dreaming is the luxury of the rich.''' ,'''In a film, you only have a finite amount of time, and you're so concerned with saying what happened and making it a gripping short story with a satisfying ending.''' ,'''The most damaging part of pervasive bias, whether it's implicit or complicit because sometimes it can be well-intentioned, is when that bias gets internalized and women start self-centering and stop thinking that they're incapable of achieving what they want and achieve empowerment.''' ,'''We drive a Tesla.''' ,'''I think that sense of wonderment, where you walk out expecting the ordinary and are confronted by the extraordinary, is something that has always interested me, whether in TV or comic books.''' ,'''America is built on the labors of the oppressed.''' ,'''Westworld is an examination of human nature: the best parts of human nature... but also, violence, sexual violence have sadly been a fact of human history since the beginning of human history.''' ,'''And I think the greatest danger that AI poses isn't so much these anthropomorphic beings who look like us and are beguiling are going to fool us. It's the fact that a intelligence without a body or corporeal form will fool us into trusting it with data, which we seem to think is... it has no repercussions.''' ,'''When we were thinking of 'Westworld' and doing it with HBO, what they really showed us is that they have the ambition in their network, and they value production value as much as we did, and that that would be a perfect place to do a show of this scope and this ambition.''' ,'''Feeling trapped in identity isn't just the purview of women and minorities.''' ,'''Even though I grew up in America, at home we spoke mostly Chinese, because my mom is from Taiwan.''' ,'''How many of us have these demons or habits or things we don't like about ourselves and understand the loops that we're in and yet are unable to break out of them and create lasting change within ourselves?''' ,'''When I was a kid, I wanted to be a writer, but I didn't think it would really be possible.''' ,'''Our civilizations have evolved. The solutions we can find for the things that keep us somewhat primitive and base and ugly in our desires can improve and become more sophisticated. Sometimes there's a disconnect between that. My car can drive, but we can't get rid of violence.''' ,'''There are very few video games where there are - like, completely pacifistic - and if there are, I tend to play them - 'Dance Dance Revolution,' there was a game called 'Flower' that I really enjoy.''' ,'''When I write a script, I have all the old versions of the script on my laptop. They're saved as backups in case something goes horribly wrong.''' ,'''I was actually born a robot, so 'Westworld' is just autobiographical.''' ,'''I don't see much of myself in the traditional Western hero.''' ,'''I wanted to go to Harvard because it felt like it would be the Hogwarts Academy of law schools.''' ,'''In 'Lost,' they really believed in the mystery box and not looking too much inside the mystery box. It was some kind of idea generator that you didn't need to dissect and open up. And that's absolutely fascinating and an engaging way to tell a story.''' ,'''Part of what you try and do when you're writing is to just transcend politics and the moment in a way and talk about something, those fundamental building blocks of building nature.''' ,'''There's a kind of beauty to a skyscraper.''' ,'''Growing up, I would take out books from the school library and hide them in the hamper. I'd wait until my parents fell asleep, and then I'd sneak into the bathroom, turn on the light, and dig out the books and read all night.''' ,'''You have to be very specific with the suggestions of how you want to show things, not just with dialogue but also place and mood. I write all of that as very vivid guidelines so directors can come in and do what they will with them.''' ,'''I had a lot of college debt. It's very difficult to go to a university that is as expensive as Stanford and then blindly follow your passions when they don't immediately make money out of the gate.''' ,'''If action scenes just happen decontextualized, they lose their weight and the viewer can feel they don't make sense and that they wouldn't have happened that way.''' ,'''I've always been fascinated by memory and I remember Jonah, when we first started dating, was working on something involving memory. It was early on in our relationship and I was like, damn it, I wanted to do a movie on memory. That was 'Memento.'''' ,'''What does the future of 'Westworld' look like? I don't necessarily think that we've seen the last of these artificial worlds that are central to the concept of our series as a whole. But the major lens that we will have is going to be the real world.''' ,'''The sad thing is I don't think I've seen 'Jurassic Park.' Not that it's not an amazing movie, I literally didn't watch film or TV until I was 23 or something.''' ,'''It's important to have people who will question you occasionally.''' ,'''I log on and there are so many cookies embedded in my computer - it's like they know what I need before I do.''' ,'''I've been looking for a superhero I could tune into and relate to for years, and when nobody stepped in to take the place of 'Buffy' in my poor soul, I thought, 'Maybe I can create somebody!' That's how 'Headache' came to be.''' ,'''When you start to think about the drives that humans have, I think sometimes we find we are simpler than we thought and more easily manipulated.''' ,'''Fiction has always been a way of examining society and its flaws and trying to expose them.''' ,'''I see my work behind the camera as the actualization of a poem. I like to linger on images, conveying things through stillness.''' ,'''I try not to look at press. However, I have a mother, who will gladly tell me what's going on out there.''' ,'''The biggest thing my parents gave me was this feeling of, not 'dream big,' but strive big.''' ,'''Holding women to the idea of 'write what you know' subtly reinforces the status quo. Writing is a chance to celebrate who we are. But it's also a chance to celebrate who we could be.''' ,'''What's so bad about Google knowing I need Kleenex? Look at it in the aggregate - see how information... can be used to target people based on their profiles and change the course of human history, as I believe it is already beginning to do. This knowledge that I need Kleenex has bigger complications than just needing Kleenex.''' ,'''The ways in which mankind tends to invent technology is because we have this drive to create and to innovate, and we don't necessarily pump the brakes when we're doing it.''' ,'''But in a TV series, you can really take a novelistic approach and explore characters that you wouldn't ordinarily see, in a level of complexity that you wouldn't ordinarily get to explore just out of the sheer time constraints in a feature.''' ,'''When I first began writing, it was not in screenwriting but in poetry. That form was so evocative, all about the image and the emotion captured in a Polaroid-like smattering of words.''' ,'''I think it's a very powerful notion, the notion that our personal views, although closely held, are not necessarily right. That part of what is noble is making sure there are checks and balances and a plurality of opinions.''' ,'''And nowadays, the idea of AI is not really science fiction anymore - it's just science fact.''' ,'''Being a lawyer, it's like holding a key card to a parallel dimension of rule sets in the world, and it's lovely to make sure that key continues to work and to continue to brush up on the law every so often.''' ,'''Even if you live to be a ripe old age, you live long enough to see the people you love pass away.''' ,'''You know, both my parents aren't really from this country, and the emphasis was really on education and studying, and TV seemed like it was not the best use of my time for my parents. So ironically, of course, I rebelled completely and now it's how I make a living.''' ,'''When I used to watch Westerns, I could admire the craft, but I never really loved them; they never spoke to me. Maybe because I'm first-generation American, I'm a woman, and I just didn't see myself reflected.''' ,'''When I play 'Grand Theft Auto,' I'm such a nerdy little law abider because I've always had this active imagination in which I sympathize and empathize with things.''' ,'''You see in moments of duress not only the darkest parts of human nature but also the brightest, the most noble.''' ,'''There's nowhere that looks like Singapore; it's absolutely beautiful on a purely aesthetic level.''' ,'''I've always had a problem with over-identification with inanimate objects.''' ,'''The appealing thing to me about Wonder Woman is the question of, who is this woman in tights and leotard walking around? What's her story and how does it resonate with women today?''' ,'''I grew up in Asia, and I remember as a little kid being in Taiwan watching films there and being so awed by these new worlds of entertainment.''' ,'''I feel like there is just never a good time for taking a chance and following your dreams - whatever those dreams are.''' ,'''I would say that, between us, I tend to be a little bit more philosophically optimistic. Jonah, I think he sees things as more finite.''' ,'''The reality is that 'Westworld' is designed so that guests can indulge with impunity their every fantasy - be it light or dark. So the hosts experience the extremes in human behavior, good and bad.''' ,'''We subverted the entire premise of 'Westworld' in that our sympathies are meant to be with the robots, the hosts.''' ,'''Since time immemorial we've explored these ideas of tragedy, the things people do for love, the great weight that occurs when love is taken away and the great length and the heroism that people will exhibit to fight for the ones that they love.''' ,'''A lot of times, people say, 'My work didn't suffer with family.' I would go a step further: My career only flourished upon having children. It got better.''' ,'''The sensibility I brought to directing was similar to what I bring when I write.''' ,'''Traditional westerns typify some of the hardships men face: you have to be rugged, silent, stoic. It's a man against nature, against the world.''' ,'''For me, when I started writing, it was mostly poetry. And poetry is very visual. I feel the same way about the way that I approach direction. There might be a theme within the visuals that you're choosing that people don't consciously pick up on, but that they feel.''' ,'''The great thing about fiction is you can talk about things without being didactic about them, but hopefully forge a connection with people and an understanding about a shared humanity that tells its own story.''' ,'''I personally am not so obsessed about immortality for myself. The human body has been designed that way, obsolescence is OK.''' ,'''I've tried to always be incredibly overprepared in everything that I've done.''' ,'''I love the idea of the literary salons in France where artists and writers would all come and talk and drink absinthe.''' ,'''Our memories, the way we tend to experience them, are sort of fuzzy around the edges, like a watercolor that has bled into the past and is not totally clear.''' ,'''I do love Westerns. But, in a way, traditional Westerns, for me, have been hard to love viscerally and personally.''' ,'''One of the most consistent defining qualities of sentience is that we define it as human, as the thing that we possess that others do not.''' ,'''I think the thing that will endure about Westworld will be the questions it poses.''' ,'''There are no coincidences in 'Westworld.'''' ,'''One of the many delights that I found in directing was that you plan so many things so meticulously so that they go smoothly. But you also have to leave time and space for spontaneous emotional moments to arise.''' ,'''I was always interested in writing from an early age, but it seemed so far away and inconceivable, like wanting to be an astronaut or a pop star.''' ,'''The humanities are not something that get you a pension and health insurance.''' ,'''I represent opportunities for other women and other people of color, and I'm trying to start my own kind of movement.''' ,]
+++