+++
author = "Kelly Ripa"
title = "Kelly Ripa Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Kelly Ripa Quotes"
keywords = "kelly ripa,kelly ripa quotes,kelly ripa quote,kelly ripa sayings,kelly ripa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's no such thing as an uber-mom.''' ,'''I feel like my mind is a little quieter when I exercise.''' ,'''I had a picture-perfect childhood.''' ,'''I think children are like pancakes. You sort of ruin the first one, and you get better at it the second time around.''' ,'''When you have an entire amphitheatre of people laughing that way, it makes you feel so funny and it frees you to go further than you probably would.''' ,'''I'm like any working mom.''' ,'''I'd rather not have a moment when I'm known for my looks; being funny and interesting lasts longer.''' ,'''Please get on an airplane or a horse, because it's pretty spectacular.''' ,'''If I'm exhausted and I just don't feel like it, then I don't do it. I am a human being, after all. But I also know I'm the kind of person who, if I take one day off, well, it's very easy for me to take the next day off and then quit exercising.''' ,'''I'll quit tanning when the satchel handle grows out of my back.''' ,'''Sleeping is not something I do a lot of.''' ,'''I'm not a prettier everywoman. I am an everywoman that they clean up awfully well for T.V.''' ,'''I try to make my heart beat out of my chest, hard-core, once a day for at least a half hour. I think that's very important.''' ,'''I don't have the best family history heart-wise, so I really try to keep my heart strong.''' ,'''Having been a cheerleader, I know all too well what these girls give up to join forces and compete.''' ,'''I get paid to make out with the hunks!''' ,'''If you're a waiter and you're waiting on me, you might get five percent, you might get seventy percent. It depends on how bad my math skills are that day.''' ,'''In some ways, her life is so much worse that everybody else's, people feel almost cheered up and inspired. They feel like, 'If Hayley hasn't killed herself, why should I?'''' ,'''My parents were like June and Ward Cleaver; there was nothing dysfunctional about them.''' ,'''I'm usually done with work around 11am, so I have time before I pick the kids up from school.''' ,'''When I'm at work, I'm remembering what I forgot to do for the kids, and when I'm with the kids, I'm remembering what I forgot to do at work.''' ,'''I work out with a trainer, Anna Kaiser, three days a week.''' ,'''If there's cheesecake in the house, I'll have some.''' ,'''I work out every day. It's part of my life. That's one of the benefits of having kids in school full-time.''' ,'''If I feel any sort of emotional upheaval, I go for a jog and I feel better.''' ,]
+++