+++
author = "Baron Corbin"
title = "Baron Corbin Quotes"
quotes_len = "91"
description = "the best 91 Baron Corbin Quotes"
keywords = "baron corbin,baron corbin quotes,baron corbin quote,baron corbin sayings,baron corbin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Wrestling is an opportunity to go to a show, be a part of it, and feel the emotions from anger to frustration to sadness to pain - everything that music can make you feel.''' ,'''I think everybody wants everybody to be successful. There is that competitive nature, in a sense that everybody wants to be the best, but if A.J. Styles is more successful, and Braun Strowman is more successful, that makes the company more successful.''' ,'''If you look up what I did in Arizona, you'll see that I fought my way through training camp. I didn't have a problem fighting my teammates.''' ,'''Our dad was an iron worker, a really tough guy. He raised us to be strong and stand up for ourselves. Whatever we want, we go and get it. Sometimes, you have to take it.''' ,'''Metal fans have a connection. There is something there; just like the wrestling world, they are die hard about wrestling, and it's that passion that makes you enjoy what you do. That is why I go to metal shows; you watch these dudes on stage just shredding and letting loose. You can't help but love it.''' ,'''I've always been a dominant and violent person.''' ,'''I am extremely tough and extremely physical, and that is because my father taught me to be tough, physical, and not to take no for an answer.''' ,'''I have a brother; we had some good brawls.''' ,'''I'm here to leave my mark in WWE history.''' ,'''NXT is the professional level, and it's the best of the best.''' ,'''Fear of failure is a great thing. It pushes you past your comfort levels.''' ,'''I learned to get what I wanted through any means necessary, and sometimes that means you have to get your hands dirty.''' ,'''I'm pretty good with being calculated in what I do, when I'm going to make my mark on somebody.''' ,'''End of Days is a lot of impact; it makes people open their eyes. It makes a statement.''' ,'''If you're in my way, you're done.''' ,'''I want to keep growing and keep getting better every day.''' ,'''I think, ya know, he's called out a few WWE Superstars; I wouldn't mind taking a crack at Conor McGregor, and he's, like, 165 pounds, 185 pounds soaking wet. So, I would like to slam him on his head a few times.''' ,'''In college, practice is draggin'. Coach goes, 'Oh, hey, go on over there and start a fight with one of the linebackers.' Okay. So I'll go and start a fight with one of the linebackers... It's just an attitude that really developed in me, and now we just amplify it times 100 and make sure everybody understands what I do and what I'm about.''' ,'''If you're not getting better, you're getting worse.''' ,'''You look at me: you see the tattoos, and I ride a motorcycle.''' ,'''I don't get paid by the hour; I go out there and get it done and get out. That's the way I want it to be.''' ,'''If I walk into a room, and nobody knows who I am, and they've never seen wrestling a day in their life, I want everybody in that room to look at me and go, 'That guy does something. He is somebody important.'''' ,'''We're always out there to put on the best show possible.''' ,'''I don't respect anyone who has a background on the independent circuit.''' ,'''It was great to get rid of the long hair. It's such a pain that, if you look at it, it's always wet when guys wrestle: you dump gallons of conditioner in it to keep it wet so you're not choking on it. You have all kinds of stuff in it, and just maintaining it is a lot of work.''' ,'''I'm the real deal.''' ,'''Most people settle in life, and that's not me.''' ,'''My Instagram, my Twitter, is a form of advertisement for my business and what I do. Yeah, my brand. It is, but it is crazy how negative it is to everything!''' ,'''I think I was given an opportunity, and I ran with it. I think I've made a lot more of it than anybody thought I was going to, and that's why it's gone so well, but it's opened a lot of doors and a lot of eyes to what I can do.''' ,'''I don't envy people with long hair. So, I'm glad mine is gone.''' ,'''Honestly, I was a little bit arrogant because I came in and thought it was going to be easy and that I'd be on television in a year, no problem. Then you realize how many different things it takes to become a successful superstar, and it really is a rude awakening.''' ,'''I grew up going to rock shows, and the lines of rock n' roll cross over with wrestling so much.''' ,'''WrestleMania's sort of the end off the year for us, but it's also a beginning because we don't take any time off.''' ,'''For me, growing up, I'd always been a part of team sports, except for when I was boxing.''' ,'''I want to allow myself to display myself to people.''' ,'''Sometimes I just go, 'Is it me? Am I really just not that likeable?' The cool thing is, when you go out there and see a lady get mad or a guy get mad, or they hate you because you didn't come from the independents, or whatever, what I like to do is just pour kerosene on that fire.''' ,'''The fact that people don't like me doesn't bother me.''' ,'''One time, I was practicing against the Tennessee Titans, and one of their defensive linemen took a cheap shot at our running back, so I planted him.''' ,'''There's a fire on 'SmackDown Live' that I don't think 'Raw' has.''' ,'''Going to that level, a lot of guys get to the NFL, and they don't make a long career out of it. The NFL is very hard. One percent of college athletes make it to the NFL.''' ,'''I grew up watching 'Taker, and he used to scare me as a kid, so I think it would only add to the excitement to be in a casket match with a guy like that. There's definitely some jealousy.''' ,'''I'm not going to shed a tear for not being liked.''' ,'''I am going to be the best, make the most money, and just do whatever I want, when I want.''' ,'''I love the physicality of an offensive lineman.''' ,'''I love just getting to experience the different types of fans and getting to perform in front of thousands of people every night; that is icing on the cake for me. That is the fun.''' ,'''I was in the top 1 percent of football players. Indie guys are in the bottom 95 percent of wrestlers.''' ,'''For those of you who don't know who I am, I don't care.''' ,'''I aim to bring a little pain, and a little roughness to what I do.''' ,'''Cry all you want. It's never going to change where I am.''' ,'''I've always been a guy - I ran my mouth in NXT about the little guys who come through, and they are tough and feisty or whatever it is. To me, they're no more dangerous than a little chihuahua.''' ,'''I think it's just in my nature to irritate people and push things as far as I can. It's really benefited me in WWE.''' ,'''The atmosphere we get with NXT and NXT fans, they're a die-hard group. They care deeply about NXT.''' ,'''People in athletics thrive on competition. That's what makes you better.''' ,'''I'd like the chance to stand in the ring and punch the Undertaker in the face.''' ,'''I think 'Raw' is complacent in the fact that 'Raw's' been the flagship of WWE. 'Smackdown' wants to be number one.''' ,'''I'm putting it all on my shoulders, and I'm going to be successful by my will, and no one else will be responsible for it.''' ,'''Fit Finlay and guys like that, who can work with you and tailor who you are and what you're doing in the ring, are unbelievable.''' ,'''I have a lot of pride in myself and believe I am better than a lot of people.''' ,'''When I left NXT, I was kind of mad that I was never NXT champ, so when I got to the main roster, that was my first goal.''' ,'''I got to travel to Japan. I never in my life thought I would go to Japan.''' ,'''Braun Strowman - that guy's a monster. He's done some amazing things.''' ,'''I was always that little kid that irritated people.''' ,'''It's the fun part of this business: you never know what your day is gonna hold. Some things could be very, very last-minute. It could be at that very last second. So, it's pretty wild, and it keeps you on your toes. That's for sure.''' ,'''Football and boxing helped me immensely. Those sports helped me become dangerous.''' ,'''There were definitely some days at training camp that I got in fistfights.''' ,'''Twitter needs to understand that just because they're the loudest, they're not the majority.''' ,'''I am a big dude that can move, so I want to see what kind of magic a guy like Roman Reigns and Seth Rollins can bring against me.''' ,'''I really want to test my athletic ability, my toughness, and my skills against those guys who are in my ballpark size-wise.''' ,'''It's a competitive business, and everybody wants to be the best. And when there's a new guy coming in, and there's buzz about him, 'Oh, he was a pro football player,' you instantly have people that don't like you because they're afraid you're going to take their spot.''' ,'''The NFL, boxing, jiu-jitsu - I did that. I'm proven at what I can do.''' ,'''That attitude, that persona I carry is something I've always had with me. I mean, that's what made me successful, especially in football, and is making me successful now.''' ,'''That's what Twitter is: a very negative place.''' ,'''I would challenge anyone who thinks that what we do isn't taxing on your body. People see what we do and think it would be fun to try, but I would challenge anyone to do what we do and show them how physically demanding it is. It deserves a lot more respect.''' ,'''I'm 6'8'', 280 pounds, and I feel like I move like I'm 5'10'' and 200.''' ,'''When you have an icon that wants you to succeed, it's awesome.''' ,'''Growing up, I idolized Big Boss Man and Bam Bam Bigelow just because they were big guys who could move and were tough. I felt like they both rode motorcycles. And Bam Bam had his head tattooed. Those are the guys who really got me into wrestling.''' ,'''Just like when I was in the NFL, you've got to find those smaller dudes - and when you get your hands on them, it's bad news - all day.''' ,'''It's two guys in particular. Norman Smiley, he got his hands on me the day I walked in the door - started teaching me the fundamentals and teaching me things that I use - but Billy Gunn, that guy has helped me evolve more than anyone.''' ,'''I came from the NFL, so people didn't like that, or they just try to make assumptions, and I think when you assume, you look stupid.''' ,'''When I won the United States Championship at Hell in a Cell, it was awesome. It was my first championship ever in WWE, so it's a really cool moment for me.''' ,'''Everybody always asked why I wanted to be an offensive lineman. I told them that I had 11 different people I can hit on every single play, while everyone else is chasing one person. I prided myself on being an extremely physical and dominant player.''' ,'''We have amazing people that help us backstage, and Arn Anderson is someone I always like to look to. He's a legend in his own right.''' ,'''What you see of me on TV and all of that, that is me - that's truly how I feel. I'm just multiplying it. It's that arrogance, that confidence, the belief that I'm the best, and there's a true attitude that I don't care what others think.''' ,'''If I have a friend - when I have a match, and you have a match with that person - then most people hold back. I'm not.''' ,'''I don't live for anyone other than myself, and I don't have a problem showing people or telling them.''' ,'''My dad brought me up not to accept second place. I lost a karate tournament once and got a trophy for fourth place. My dad tossed that trophy out the window on the way home.''' ,'''John Cena - say what you want about the guy, but he is unbelievable in every aspect of WWE: what he does with kids from Make-A-Wish and to how he controls a ring and a crowd in the moment.''' ,'''Billy Gunn, Bill DeMott, and Dusty Rhodes all helped me find myself and how to express it to people so they understand.''' ,'''There's a great feeling when you look in someone's eyes and they have that 'look of defeat,' and that's what I'm looking for, and that's my game plan.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be in the ring with 'Taker.''' ,'''When I go to the ring, I'm providing for my family.''' ,]
+++