+++
author = "Robert Downey Sr."
title = "Robert Downey Sr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Robert Downey Sr. Quotes"
keywords = "robert downey sr.,robert downey sr. quotes,robert downey sr. quote,robert downey sr. sayings,robert downey sr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I made experimental commercials in the experimental division of a production house, Film X, that made commercials for ad agencies.''' ,''''Tropic Thunder' I think is a great film.''' ,'''Even with the lowest budget in the world, you better get some names in there; that calms people down. Then be sure your leading character is in a hurry.''' ,'''I'm not an actor. I can show up for friends and improvise a little bit, but I'm not an actor. I can't remember lines.''' ,'''I loved reading when the critics in New York would say that some of my films reminded them of Lenny Bruce.''' ,'''I'm a boxing fan.''' ,'''A movie can't change anybody; it can only confirm what you already believe.''' ,'''If the world's gonna end, Trump's gonna have something to do with it.''' ,'''To get me in to the Army underage, my mother signed me in saying that my birth certificate was lost in a fire in Nashville, so I got in underage. I was 16. She did because I begged her to do it.''' ,'''I'm not going to stop just because I'm 78. Bunuel made films into his eighties, and he could hardly see. I hope I don't run into that problem.''' ,'''I'm too young to be a king and too committed to be a queen.''' ,'''Everything established should go out the window. But I don't know how to do it. If someone knew how, it would have happened by now.''' ,'''A film should always at least be about something.''' ,'''Godard is a phony to me. His technique is great, but he just keeps replaying the same political rhetoric.''' ,'''I don't look at it as a career. I've just made a few films, and I want to make a few more.''' ,'''I'm really happy for my son. He's turned his life around. I'm so proud of him.''' ,'''Tell me a country that is doing well and has a great leader? You look at the nuclear weapons all over the place, and you look at things like ISIS, and every country seems to have a battle going on.''' ,'''When I got out of the Army, I started writing the usual 'Catcher in the Rye' imitations, and then I wrote something that was done Off-Off Broadway in a theater. It was called 'What Else Is There?' and it was four or five people playing missiles in a silo waiting to take off.''' ,'''To have been able to do this for so long and to not have to work a regular job is a thrill.''' ,'''My parents got divorced when I was really young.''' ,'''Life is too easy when you're a movie star. People will do anything you want and get you anything you want.''' ,]
+++