+++
author = "Jodi Lyn O'Keefe"
title = "Jodi Lyn O'Keefe Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Jodi Lyn O'Keefe Quotes"
keywords = "jodi lyn o'keefe,jodi lyn o'keefe quotes,jodi lyn o'keefe quote,jodi lyn o'keefe sayings,jodi lyn o'keefe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Films are done in about three months, and television takes up about ten months out of the year working on the same project.''' ,'''I was the awkward, shy chick in high school.''' ,'''I've shot in Hawaii a few times, and it's always magical.''' ,'''I did make some not-so-great relationship decisions when I was a lot younger. I do know that not all high school boys are great and wonderful and Prince Charming, and there are a few that are going to treat you that way.''' ,'''I really admire actresses like Meryl Streep; I would love to have a career like hers.''' ,'''I function better in a world where I have to wake up every morning to go to work.''' ,'''My home in Dallas is wonderful. I can walk everywhere. It's a pretty good hidden secret, Dallas. There are wonderful restaurants and a wonderful nightlife. It's just a beautiful city to be in.''' ,'''I eat very clean, healthy food at all times because I'm very focused about keeping myself in shape.''' ,'''Nathan Fillion is so easy to work with.''' ,'''I shopped at T.J. Maxx myself when I was a kid.''' ,'''I want to make a movie with Al Pacino someday.''' ,'''Action scenes get me so excited, and my adrenaline starts pumping.''' ,''''Mean Girls' was phenomenal, Rachel McAdams was on point the entire time and so fantastic.''' ,'''I'm deathly afraid of rats.''' ,'''I'd been working with Chuck Lorre since the dawn of time, starting with 'Dharma and Greg,' so when I get a call about a really cool opportunity to work with him, I say yes, even before I know what it is.''' ,'''Success is work hard and give 100% every single day because it will leave as quickly as it came.''' ,'''A lot of the time the film chooses me. I'll be working and I'll get a call from my agent and I'll get the script and then tell him what I think.''' ,'''I got really tall really quickly. I grew nine inches in one summer, and I was sort of like a Great Dane puppy, flopping around all over the place.''' ,'''Keep some of your personal life to yourself; otherwise, you won't have one.''' ,'''I don't remember going to school with anyone who had a Mercedes dealership.''' ,'''New York is my home. L.A. is my work.''' ,'''You can't be all bad all the time.''' ,'''There is a lot of myself in every character that I play.''' ,'''I made tons of mistakes. Who hasn't?''' ,'''I'm trying to broaden my range and get different characters in each film.''' ,'''I have so much to be grateful for, so there is no reason to complain.''' ,'''It's terrible when anyone passes too soon.''' ,'''I love the whole lingerie outfit - you know, thigh-high tights and garters.''' ,'''I am very hands on doing my own work, all my own stunt work.''' ,'''When I was a freshman, I was 5 feet 9 and totally skinny as a pole. Knock-knees and bad hair. Then, over that summer, I grew up a little bit. Not that I was some super beauty, but at least I didn't look like I was 10 anymore and had a little self-confidence.''' ,'''I don't think there are beautiful women out there trying to lure men into any kind of conspiracy. I think people are out there just trying to meet someone new and interesting and live in the real world.''' ,'''I'm planning to have a career based on my acting skills rather than the size of my chest.''' ,'''You should have seen me in my Catholic school girl skirt with my knees knocking together.''' ,'''L.A. feels like a really small town to me.''' ,'''I think that there's a little bit of bad in all of us.''' ,'''Regardless of what is on the Internet, I'm actually only 29 years old - and holding.''' ,]
+++