+++
author = "Kate Clinton"
title = "Kate Clinton Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Kate Clinton Quotes"
keywords = "kate clinton,kate clinton quotes,kate clinton quote,kate clinton sayings,kate clinton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Lesbians are likely to be drawn to stand-up, if only because it's cheaper to produce and therefore more accessible for women. But the very form of stand-up is masculine.''' ,'''They didn't even like Margaret Thatcher but at least there was Margaret Thatcher. There have been women, you know, Sonia Gandhi for heaven's sakes in India.''' ,'''I'm really happy that I was raised Catholic because it's given me years of material.''' ,'''I consider a CD or a comedy collection as a record of what I've been doing, and I try to wrap it up and start new material.''' ,'''As you can imagine I'm disappointed as anything that I was not selected to be the presidential running mate. And I find it continually appalling that it would be a radical thing to have a woman on the ticket.''' ,'''A friend of mine said, no matter what I do I always look like an English teacher. She actually said, you still look like a Campbell's Soup kid.''' ,'''I'm happy to say that I'm a lesbian in the world. I know there are people who don't want to be called women comedians, but I think it gives a path to the fact that we live in extremely patriarchal times.''' ,'''What goes for sex goes double for politics.''' ,'''We signed up for Showtime, which I think put us on a Homeland Security list somewhere.''' ,'''I want to host a religious show. I'm sure nobody will be wanting the 11 o'clock spot on Sunday morning. I think we should really get some of our own preachers and preach that gay is good. And we'd have a great choir.''' ,'''Some women can't say the word lesbian... even when their mouth is full of one.''' ,'''My style has been pretty much like a newspaper. It's got politics in it, it's got media, sports, family relations, you know, all the sections you would expect, and wonderful religion things.''' ,'''We really got a lot of very conservative gay people. You could look at the figures from the last election and realize that a third of the gay movement voted Republican.''' ,'''When my brother-in-law, BIll Clinton, was elected, he had gay friends. That was a coming out.''' ,'''I definitely want people to laugh because I don't think there's a better feeling - I think it's just so fabulous to laugh. I don't mind if people think, either. I think the brain is a very sexy organ.''' ,'''Lesbian humor isn't trying to sell anything, it doesn't have to sell out. Coming out as a lesbian onstage is still a very political act; if it weren't, more women would do it.''' ,'''I try something new every night. It's an hour show; if it works I maybe try it a few more times and then move that off and try something new. It's a great workshop for me.''' ,]
+++