+++
author = "Joe Perry"
title = "Joe Perry Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Joe Perry Quotes"
keywords = "joe perry,joe perry quotes,joe perry quote,joe perry sayings,joe perry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been fascinated with all kinds of weapons my whole life, and as I have been able to afford to acquire pieces, here and there I started to collect.''' ,'''Take life on life's terms - one day at a time. And have fun while you're doing it.''' ,'''The Beatles just changed everything right across the board. They just had that right combination of clean-cut good looks - a cute band - but under that they had a real rock n' roll thing going on.''' ,''''Back In The Saddle' - I never realised what a good riff that was, or at least how much it satisfied me. And when we play it live, it comes across much better than I ever expected it to.''' ,'''There's no doubt arena shows are exciting, but you don't get that up close and personal kind of vibe, and that's what rock n' roll is all about for me.''' ,'''I have seen more bad songs make it because of MTV than good ones that haven't.''' ,'''It seems ridiculous that you can be in one state with your driver's license and buy a firearm, and then in the next state it is totally illegal. There are real problems to that, but as soon as you bring up the subject and say 'gun control,' it sets a red flag.''' ,'''I've been into guns ever since I was a little kid, and the ones that fascinate me most are the black powder guns that people used back in the 17 and 1800s.''' ,'''Sometimes when a record's done, I'm satisfied and I won't listen back to it for a while 'cause I'm usually pretty tired of the songs. Then I've got to learn them again to play them live, and sometimes it takes a while to realise it's a really good record.''' ,'''A band isn't a band unless they're playing together. Otherwise, it's just five guys that are living off their royalty checks.''' ,'''After a while, no matter how much you love any pop song, you're going to get tired of it. That's the way it is with any entertainment. It's good when you first hear it or see it, you like it for a while, then it gets old. It gets chewed up and spit out and it's done.''' ,'''I don't spend much time listening to the records when they're done. Usually I let go of it. Especially in the Eighties and Nineties - they were like product, almost.''' ,'''I really didn't like 'Done With Mirrors.' I really didn't like 'Just Push Play.' Then there are other records I really think were good for their time, like 'Toys and Rocks.'''' ,'''I think one of the most valuable things Aerosmith has is the energy we produce when we all play together.''' ,'''It's easy to put on a Deep Purple record and say, 'That sounds great.' But why? Part of it is individual practice, but by playing together, a talent of meshing happens.''' ,'''I don't think there's anything anybody's doing that the Beatles didn't at least try at some point.''' ,'''Y'know, I don't like jazz much. I'll put it on once in a while and listen, and I'll appreciate it.''' ,'''The kids get a vote. That's very important when it comes to raising kids. And always keep the bigger picture in mind.''' ,'''That's what I love about music. It's immediate. There's a connection whether you are playing at Hyde Park or Chicago, and it's been happening since the beginning of time and the troubadours.''' ,'''The Beatles had some juice when it came to distortion, but Clapton was finally able to break through those early studio engineers' fear of overloading. He defined the sound that guitarists spend the rest of their lives trying to get.''' ,'''Over the years, when you're in a band with a catalog like Aerosmith's, you accumulate a lot of instruments to duplicate those songs.''' ,'''Whenever I hear somebody cover a song, I don't like to hear it stray too far from the original. I like to hear some of the new energy that a band will put into it, but you kind of want to hear some of the basic parts of the song. I mean, that's what makes it the song that you like.''' ,'''I think that... the age of just slapping songs into movies, that's done.''' ,'''People spend their careers trying to figure out what makes a hit single. But I learned a long time ago that you can't anticipate what people want, because it's always going to change.''' ,'''L.A. was just an inspiring kind of place to be. It felt like going to Paris in the Twenties and Thirties. Everybody's there. Everybody's hanging around. Everybody's talking about music.''' ,'''If you get satisfaction out of playing music and entertaining people and it makes you feel right, then go for it.''' ,'''When I got sober and started working out, I fell into that trap of working out too much. I know a lot of guys can relate to that - if you don't get that runner's high every day, you feel like, 'Oh my God, I'm losing it.'''' ,'''My Portuguese uncle had a Portuguese version of a ukulele. The family would pull it out after dinner and play Portuguese folk songs on it. I couldn't wait for him to finish so I could get my hands on it. I was seven or eight years old. And he used to have a Fender amp in his house and an electric guitar. I would spend hours making sounds.''' ,'''I was very fascinated by the time when firearms went from being fire sticks to being something people could use to hunt and to survive.''' ,'''The media plays up celebrity a lot, but it doesn't hold a candle to being a scientist. There's a lot to be said for what they all do, and are trying to accomplish.''' ,'''I love to listen to the music that first inspired me - I get that fresh feeling back.''' ,'''I'm a Republican, but I'm a Republican from the old school. I was taught that you get what you put into it. You can be anything you want to be if you work hard enough at it, and you can earn your place. That's the old way.''' ,'''I have always been fascinated with guns. I grew up in America, so, granted, it is part of our heritage, and it is written into the laws of how this country is run.''' ,'''I've come to realize that you live on through recordings; they're like a musical diary, a window into somebody's soul.''' ,'''There are definitely things about 'Legendary Child' that echo the music we did earlier in our career. It's got the right stuff.''' ,'''Maybe you could put it out there that I don't have a built-in dislike of ballads. That was kind of the reputation I had back in the Seventies. But I've come around. Ballads have become something of an acquired taste.''' ,'''I didn't think I could go onstage and play unless I had a beer to loosen up. Well, if it was only one beer to loosen up, I'd probably still be drinking today.''' ,'''AC/DC is a prime example of taking that blues rock thing and just living in that world. They only really move the furniture around a little on each album, but it still works.''' ,'''I've always felt you are only as good as your next album or next show. What you've done is done. When you get a gold record, you hang it on the wall, and then it's like, 'Yeah, next?'''' ,'''I love Indian food - it's my favourite cuisine. I love the mixture of spices and the subtle flavours. It's really erotic; the spices are so sensuous.''' ,'''Aerosmith is such a powerful band; I mean, it's like a steam locomotive.''' ,'''India brings out so many different feelings in me. I've been fascinated with India and Indian culture as long as I can remember - ever since the '60s with the Beatles and Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.''' ,'''For years I've wanted to find some guys that I could work with, because I realized a long time ago that I can do a lot of things other than Aerosmith.''' ,'''I don't see anyone avoiding the Stones because DJs make jokes about them being a part of the Geritol set. All it does is make the DJs look stupid.''' ,'''Some of the best rock riffs ever written were by Jimmy Page, and I can't really name the songs, but some of the stuff he did on his first and second records is beyond brilliant.''' ,'''When I plug in my guitar and play it really loud, loud enough to deafen most people, that's my shot of adrenaline, and there's nothing like it. That's what it's always been for me - to be the flame the tribe dances around.''' ,'''For me, L.A. was, and is, a very creative place to be.''' ,'''Music is music; you don't have to put a label on it.''' ,'''I think people have to be more aware of what the repercussions are of their actions.''' ,'''Describing certain sounds, there's a common language that guitar players have.''' ,'''I've been going long enough to prove what I wanted to prove, to get the girl I wanted to get, to make the money I wanted to make, to drink all the beer I wanted to drink. I've played - not exactly everywhere, but I've played enough places.''' ,'''I collect firearms, and I've got a Winchester, an Indian rifle. It has tacks for every warrior that was shot, like notches on a pistol, and it's got feathers and beads hanging off it. It's like a work of art.''' ,'''When Tom Morello picks up the guitar, I'm sure what he sees is totally different from what I do, but I love the way he plays.''' ,'''Five years after Aerosmith got back together, I realized how fragile we are as humans. There was a time I thought we were bulletproof, but then things happened and I came to the realization that I had to play every gig as if it was my last show. You have to start thinking that way, because you never know what's going to happen next.''' ,'''Every time I get in front of an audience, I do the best I can. I really don't look at it like, you know, 'This is gonna be this crowd, or that crowd.' If anything, I think about the demographics only because of what songs will entertain more than others.''' ,'''Hopefully I'm bringing to rock n' roll the kind of spontaneity that I love, and always believed rock and roll stands for.''' ,'''It's so important for people to pay attention to history and learn from it, because it's the only thing we've got that's going to help us figure out where we are going. Especially the way things are manipulated in the press today. You have to sort through so much stuff to figure out what is real and what is not. It gets harder every day.''' ,'''I've seen bands split up for five years and do nothing. That sounds great to me, but it just hasn't worked out that way.''' ,'''The bottom line is fans just want to hear a good song. Some people will look underneath to see who wrote it, but they just want to hear a good song. And if they don't hear it, they're not going to buy it just because you wrote it.''' ,'''I'm turned off by the groupie thing. I'm a romantic; I like finding the right woman, and if it works, it works.''' ,]
+++