+++
author = "Howie Mandel"
title = "Howie Mandel Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Howie Mandel Quotes"
keywords = "howie mandel,howie mandel quotes,howie mandel quote,howie mandel sayings,howie mandel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One of the great pleasures of having children is spending one-on-one time with them. Sadly, I could do that for only a few minutes at a time. I'd never say that ADD/ADHD is a gift or a blessing. And if someone says it is a gift, I'd love to return it.''' ,'''I love voice-acting - I can go to work without wearing pants. Although I did wear pants during Gremlins. But it's always more comfortable to work without. And if you notice, I relate to Gizmo in that way because he also works without pants. I have furry little legs, too.''' ,'''My point of reference is life, in everything that I do.''' ,'''It's really not that hard. If I do a Tonight Show, it's six or seven minutes. If I do a concert, it's 90 minutes. If I do an interview, that's 15 minutes. So by the end of the day I've done three hours worth of work.''' ,'''The doctor heard my heartbeat and found out I had an irregular heartbeat. I was not symptomatic or aware of my symptoms. I had no idea that this could make me five times more likely to have a stroke than somebody who doesn't have this.''' ,'''My wife doesn't cook, so we eat out every night. It's not fine dining or anything - we're not fancy people.''' ,'''My childlike qualities sometimes lead me to jump into projects without thinking of the consequences.''' ,'''I go to therapy a lot. And I'm - I'm open about that, and I try to get the help so that I - so that I can cope and - and make my way in life and with my family.''' ,'''People who annoy people are the luckiest people in the world.''' ,'''Everything runs its course. We had told a lot of stories that happened in our life. My kid was getting older, and we were running out of stories to tell.''' ,'''I'm always on the verge of death in my head.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of mine. I go to just about every show I do.''' ,'''I think being a dad is scary. I mean, I'm not that grown-up myself.''' ,'''There were 84 original episodes. It was rated No. 1 and No. 2 on the Fox Children's Network. We figured it was time to make it available to people who have never watched it.''' ,'''I've spent more time in Las Vegas than any other city, almost including L.A. where I live.''' ,'''I was kind of a misfit, actually. When you're young, you want to be like everybody else, and I was like nobody else. I couldn't sit still. I was impulsive. I still am. What is now called a 'talent' did not serve me well as a child. I didn't have friends. I was really an outcast.''' ,'''What is the luck of the draw that me - me - who finally writes a book, it comes out in the - in the - in the time, in the center of the first pandemic, H1N1? And I'm going out on signings, and I'm going out to the public. This is the one time when I need to be hermetically sealed.''' ,'''You release these things, and if they fly then you have more.''' ,'''You can't be the dad who takes your kid out after your wife has said, 'No ice cream,' buys the ice cream, and says, 'Don't tell your mother.' You teach the child to lie - and to disrespect the other parent.''' ,'''In the mid-1970s, there was this huge boom of stand-up comedy throughout North America. I went to see a show at a club called Yuk-Yuks, in Toronto, and I was just fascinated. I ended up coming back for amateur hour on a Monday at midnight and got up there without any thought as to what might come of it.''' ,'''Diana Ross saw me on Merv Griffin and hired me to be her opening act.''' ,'''If I'm a game show host, will someone buy a ticket to see me do standup? To do a dramatic role in a movie?''' ,'''After I impulsively revealed that I have OCD on a talk show, I was devastated. I often do things without thinking. That's my ADD/ADHD talking. Out in public, after I did the show, people came to me and said, 'Me, too.' They were the most comforting words I've ever heard.''' ,'''There's no skill. You can be a rock and move into another cash bracket.''' ,'''There isn't anybody out there who doesn't have a mental health issue, whether it's depression, anxiety, or how to cope with relationships. Having OCD is not an embarrassment anymore - for me. Just know that there is help and your life could be better if you go out and seek the help.''' ,'''Most of my act is improvisation. I'm inspired for the moment. Standing there in front of 2,000 or 3,000 people you don't know can be pretty inspiring.''' ,'''If you come to any of my live shows, you'll see, it's very frenetic. I have the attention span of a gnat.''' ,'''You can go home with a lot of money with absolutely no skill.''' ,'''I am beloved by millions.''' ,'''The biggest void that people can have in their lives is a sense of humor. Spending your life with someone who doesn't have that wouldn't be palatable.''' ,'''Standup keeps me grounded and keeps me in touch. I get to go from small towns to big cities, across Canada and the U.S., and you're out there and talking to people. You get a sense of what they respond to.''' ,'''Part of my humor is the fact that I love coming out of left field. I don't want people to expect what is going to happen next.''' ,'''I think the solution to making this world better is if we would just be healthy, mentally.''' ,'''Unlike 'Deal or No Deal,' which is for the entire family, my standup is not for the entire family.''' ,'''I was always incredibly obsessed with germs and cleaning and taking shower after shower after shower. Even when I was very young, I wouldn't tie my shoelaces because they had touched the ground. I had continuous repetitive thoughts that I couldn't get past. As a child, my mind was a lot busier than I was.''' ,'''I'm always in a hotel room, and I spend a good portion of my day setting it up so it's comfortable for me. Whether that means making paths out of towels so I don't touch the carpet or removing the comforters or just not touching things. Even sitting on a plane with a bunch of other people - it's really hard for me.''' ,'''I have to be the only person in America who had a doctor say to him, 'Please don't put any more surgical gloves on your head and inflate them.'''' ,'''I have an insatiable desire to be the center of attention.''' ,'''I know intellectually that if I shake somebody's hand that I'm not going to get sick and die.''' ,''''Deal or No Deal' works nicely with my ADD/ADHD symptoms. I show up, meet the contestants, and move around the set. I'm not stuck behind a pedestal reading trivia questions. I've always had problems sitting still and listening for long periods of time. The show spares me these challenges. I can live in the moment. It's like a standup act.''' ,'''What are the two biggest things online? Selfies and emojis. We're combining them. Instead of sending some character that means nothing with a hat - what if it was your face doing something? Me-moji.''' ,'''I'm from Canada, so Thanksgiving to me is just Thursday with more food. And I'm thankful for that.''' ,'''Regardless of what I do, whether I write a book or whether I act or whether I host, I'll always do stand-up comedy because those moments, that's what I crave. If I do something funny, and I hear a crowd laugh in that moment, we're all sharing the exact same experience and the exact same feeling.''' ,'''I once called construction companies to bid on an addition to the school library so that there would suddenly be people outside, measuring the building. 'Who authorized this?' the principal would ask. The answer: 'Howie Mandel.'''' ,'''Stand-up comedy is a sickness. Who wouldn't want a room full of people laughing and screaming at you just because of who you are? Nothing is as good, except maybe having a baby.''' ,'''I may be more passionate about my comedy because that's the one place where I feel comfortable - because I'm in the now. Performing is the only time of the day when I have to really force every ounce of concentration into whatever's happening in that moment.''' ,'''Some version of 'Deal or No Deal' airs in 120 countries. And they play it exactly the same way, with models and briefcases. It crosses language and culture and gender, because it's the simplest game in the world, and everyone wants to press their luck.''' ,'''I think the thrust of any child is to try to fit in and be part of it. And I can't tell you how many times my humor, you know, what I thought was humor ended up making me the outsider. Like I'd be, I go, 'It's a joke.' And they'd go, 'Well, what was funny?' And they just thought I was insane.''' ,'''The success of any stand-up act comes out of life experience.''' ,'''I was totally involved in Bobby's World from the time we started the idea to sitting with the artists on how he would look, to the script meetings, the music, the lyrics, the songs.''' ,'''I've been chased. I've been pushed. I've been screamed at. I've been verbally abused. I've been afraid for my safety. But I did it all in the name of entertainment.''' ,'''I once missed an appointment because I left my house, I locked the door. And then I thought, like anybody else, you know, 'I don't think I locked the door.' I just kept going back to the door. And I couldn't stop myself from checking and checking.''' ,'''I was diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADD/ADHD) and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) as an adult, but I don't remember a time when I didn't have them. Back in the 1960s, when I was growing up, my symptoms didn't have a name, and you didn't go to the doctor to find out.''' ,'''We sat down and told stories that happened to us in our childhood, to our children. They were all basically based on the truth. These stories were funny and poignant to us. They just took off. These are all stories from my life.''' ,'''I have thoughts - obtrusive thoughts and rituals that have to - it's like a broken re - a skipping record. And if these thoughts or these triggers happen to me through maybe shaking a hand or just a thought or just - then I can't get past it and move on with my life.''' ,'''We were a very small circle of writers. Everybody brought to the table their own life experience.''' ,]
+++