+++
author = "Ian Botham"
title = "Ian Botham Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Ian Botham Quotes"
keywords = "ian botham,ian botham quotes,ian botham quote,ian botham sayings,ian botham saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What's happened has happened, so what can we do to make it better for tomorrow and the day after? That's why we're here.''' ,'''Sport can bring communities together and can release a lot of pent-up emotions.''' ,'''The resilience of these people is amazing. I am a great believer that the sooner we get things up and running in terms of sport in this area, the better.''' ,'''There will be no politics, no ifs and buts; if we see something and feel that work needs to be done, we will get people here we can rely on and ensure it is done in the same thorough way as our other projects.''' ,'''To win in Australia, for me, has to be the ultimate success because the Aussies live for sport.''' ,'''Soccer and cricket were my main sports growing up. I had trials as a soccer player with a few clubs interested, Crystal Palace being one, but it was cricket which became my chosen profession.''' ,'''I think I'd struggle to get excited by synchronised swimming.''' ,'''You will attract the younger generation and they might well prove tougher than the older generation. What we are trying to do is to look at the future and see what we can do to bring some stability back to people's lives.''' ,'''I half knew what to expect when I saw the cricket ground in the morning. It was when I started to talk to people working out there, I began to find what I was looking for.''' ,'''To me, it doesn't matter how good you are. Sport is all about playing and competing. Whatever you do in cricket and in sport, enjoy it, be positive and try to win.''' ,'''I can remember running around at the age of 3, wanting to play golf, cricket and football. I was always active, one way or another, driving my parents mad.''' ,'''I watched children dying. That will be the image that will stay with me.''' ,'''The people in the villages had turned in on themselves. You can understand it. When you have a bad day on the field, what do you do? Talk to your teammates.''' ,'''Retiring for good wasn't difficult. I knew at the time it was right. I was no longer capable of achieving the standards I'd set myself and there was no light at the end of the tunnel.''' ,'''Genghis Khan was a fascinating man and way ahead of his time.''' ,'''I'm not a great one for looking back.''' ,'''If you can change three lives in 10, three lives in a hundred, that's got to be good, hasn't it?''' ,'''Winston Churchill would be great to have around the table.''' ,'''There is nothing more exciting in sport when the top two countries in the world are battling for the Ashes.''' ,'''I think we are going to see exciting cricket all the way. We are watching the two best teams in the world-and I think England will eventually go on to pip Australia by a single Test.''' ,]
+++