+++
author = "Eric Bischoff"
title = "Eric Bischoff Quotes"
quotes_len = "78"
description = "the best 78 Eric Bischoff Quotes"
keywords = "eric bischoff,eric bischoff quotes,eric bischoff quote,eric bischoff sayings,eric bischoff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't regret how I built the Cruiserweight division. Could I have done better? Sure. Absolutely. I'm sure I could have, especially with 20/20 hindsight. I just don't know of anybody that I talk to that looks back at that division and says, 'Oh, man, that sucked.'''' ,'''I really like Braun Strowman. I would turn the volume down on him just a little bit. I think he is a little bit overly animated, and he doesn't have to be. He is already a larger than life character when he wakes up and has a cup of coffee.''' ,'''The reason we didn't acquire WCW is an incoming, rotating door, new head of Turner at that time, took prime time television literally out of the deal that we had already negotiated. Once that happened, there was no way to make any sense of it. It was really just a video library and some ring mats.''' ,'''I think most people, most rational people, most people that I would feel comfortable sitting in a room with, understand that wrestling is scripted entertainment. But they don't want you to remind them of that.''' ,'''People are finally figuring it out that, at the end of the day, that WCW created some of the best talent in the history of the world. It was a great run.''' ,'''You could cure every disease known to man, and still, someone's going to hate you.''' ,'''AOL-Time Warner didn't want a WCW property on their platforms - being TNT or TBS or anything else - in any way, shape, or form, and that was the death nail.''' ,'''Turner Broadcasting went from a very entrepreneurial, risk-taking company where I had a tremendous amount of freedom and autonomy to a corporate, bureaucratic nightmare.''' ,'''I didn't mind when Paul Wight came to me and said WWE offered him $1 million a year for ten years. I was like, 'Dude, you need to take that. You need to go now. Lemme give you a ride to the airport.'''' ,'''Hulk will always be a part of sports entertainment/professional wrestling history, and there's nothing that's gonna change that. His relationship with the WWE, whether it's official or unofficial, is something that can't really be erased.''' ,'''You have to make a choice, and you have to commit to a character. You're either a babyface or a character that the fans relate to, support, love and aspire to be, or you're not. And if you're not, you're a heel: you're despicable, and they need to learn to love to hate you.''' ,'''If you go back in time and look at a map of all of the television markets where wrestling was most popular, historically, the deepest concentrations of those markets were in the northeast.''' ,'''WCW had its moment, and that's what it was: it was a moment. And we created some great stories and changed the industry to a large degree.''' ,'''Anybody who comes along and wants to sell a wrestling show, guess who you are not gonna sell it to? You are not going to sell it to FOX and any of its affiliates, and,oh, by the way, you are not going to sell it to NBC Universal or any of its affiliates.''' ,'''You no longer have to have a big record label behind you and have to kowtow to the politics that enabled you to get there. You can be a phenomenal artist and put your stuff out there on YouTube and find yourself becoming a star.''' ,'''The WWE also embraced more of a reality-based approach to wrestling a year or two after I established it. I knew, deep down inside, were it came from. The WWE did it better than I did, and they're still here, and I'm not, but nonetheless - I knew where it came from.''' ,'''Here are the facts: when Eric Bischoff came to work for WCW as a 'clean up batter' on the announce team working alongside Tony Schiavone, I came with a guaranteed contract.''' ,'''It's really gratifying to see, after all these years, and I've been in the business for 30 years, and after all of these years, to see fans wearing nWo shirts and fans of WCW who still remember make me feel good.''' ,'''There's not as many passive wrestling fans as people would think. There are a lot of fans who just can't get enough, and they're almost more interested in what's going on behind the scenes and the business of wrestling then they are, necessarily, of what's going on inside of the ring.''' ,'''Booker T, Diamond Dallas Page, myself, and even Bill Goldberg, for crying out loud, main-eventing Wrestlemania. That is WCW's legacy.''' ,'''I've probably done 1,000 interviews about the 'Monday Night Wars' and how 'Nitro' was made.''' ,'''Typically, in a live-action format, when you watch a wrestling show, you've got wrestlers in a ring in front of a thousand, five thousand, ten thousand people, and they're playing to large crowd, so you never really get that intimate, close and personal dialogue with them.''' ,'''Bumps often require giving yourself completely to the talent you're in the ring with, and that's what makes wrestling such a performance art that is different from every other.''' ,'''I don't reflect back too much on moments in my career.''' ,'''I've always believed that the audience and the energy that the audience creates is sometimes just as important as the action inside of the ring.''' ,'''I couldn't pass a senior high school math test right now, but I could probably teach intellectual property and trademark law at Harvard.''' ,'''A character like mine, there is only so much you can do from a storyline perspective. You can be that heel authority figure, which I was for a few years in WWE and WCW, and it's interesting, and it's fun, but after a while, you've kind of done everything you can do creatively.''' ,'''Social media is an evolving media. It changes every day.''' ,'''I consider myself an authority on drinking beer.''' ,'''Professional wrestling, the WWE, and being in the Hall of Fame represent such a large part of Hulk's life, as does his connection to the audience.''' ,'''When I hired the first group of cruiserweights - which consisted of Dean Malenko, Chris Jericho, and Eddie Guerrero - I sat them down in my office, and I was very clear to them. I said to them, almost verbatim, 'You need to be my human car crashes at 9 P.M.'''' ,'''I had zero exposure to creative in WCW up until 1993, 1994. Even then, I was at a distance.''' ,'''It was fun and something I could do together with my wife and kids. We were all hand-washing bottles, cleaning and bottling together. It was like families that cook together - we just happened to brew together.''' ,'''A lot of respect for Ric Flair; he's just a great guy.''' ,'''Professional wrestling... is no different than a Broadway play except that in a Broadway play, actors are using dialogue to tell a story and establish their characters, while in WWE, they're using a physical dialogue to tell their story and build their characters. That's a very unique art; it really is.''' ,'''One of the reasons wrestling works is because it allows people to suspend their disbelief. They may know it's not real, but if it's done well enough, they get sucked into it emotionally. And that's why they watch.''' ,'''Bret Hart, you don't really understand the business of the Pro Wrestling business. You only understand the Bret Hart business of the Pro Wrestling business, and they are two different things.''' ,'''Mr. McMahon the character is a very effective heel.''' ,'''The only reason TNA hired me was because they had no choice. Dixie Carter wanted Hulk Hogan - that was obvious - but Hulk Hogan didn't trust anybody in TNA. When I say trust, I don't mean to be devious or malicious or anything like that, but he didn't trust their judgment or their ability, nor did he trust Vince Russo in any way, shape, or form.''' ,'''I drink a lot of beer.''' ,'''Had Fusient been successful in buying WCW, ultimately there would have been no one on that side of the equation, including me, that would have had the commitment to the business that Vince McMahon has had throughout the years.''' ,'''Diamond Dallas Page didn't have that larger-than-life persona, but he had a different connection with the audience.''' ,'''I never liked D-X since they invaded WCW.''' ,'''I'm not the type of person that lives in the past, quite honestly.''' ,'''WWE had years to develop and train their staff. WWE makes sure the production team got exactly what Vince McMahon was looking for and how he wanted it.''' ,'''One of the advantages and disadvantages of WCW had to deal with was being a member of Turner Broadcasting.''' ,'''Let me just say this, Dolce Maria Garcia Rivas: You are not 'sexy,' you are not a 'star,' and you are certainly not a professional wrestler.''' ,'''To many generations of fans, Hulk Hogan really represents the beginning of what became this amazing industry that we have.''' ,'''When I ran WCW, I obviously had a lot of control over the business, but when I was in TNA, I had no control over anything other than creative.''' ,'''You can't just run through a cookie cutter press and crank out a wrestler that looks like Bill Goldberg.''' ,'''Florida was a hotbed of professional wrestling, one of the hottest in the country.''' ,'''You're going to have haters no matter what you do.''' ,'''We formatted our shows so that, at nine o'clock, we were in the heat of hard-hitting, fast-paced cruiserweight action, and it was so different from the WWE that it worked.''' ,'''When I created the Cruiserweight division in WCW, nobody called them cruiserweights in the industry at that point. That was a boxing term, not a wrestling term, but I did not want to call them junior heavyweights, light heavyweights, or anything that made them sound diminutive. I wanted it to sound special and cool.''' ,'''The fact that we are watching a live 'Monday Night Raw' every week is due to 'Nitro.'''' ,'''I have a lot of respect for the folks over at WWE, and I have a ton of respect for what they've accomplished within the industry.''' ,'''You know that Vince Russo... when Russo and I agreed to work together, one of his big ideas was that he wanted Lance Storm to be my son.''' ,'''Shakespeare is still Shakespeare because story rules.''' ,'''Tony Schiavone - I have always liked and respected Tony.''' ,'''People always said during the Monday Night Wars that the only way we were able to compete was due to a large checkbook and deep pockets. That's not very true at all. That is a false narrative designed to shape history. WWE had significant advantages over WCW and vice versa.''' ,'''There's a way of getting heat that works for you, and there's a way of getting heat that works against you.''' ,'''I am pretty transparent how I do things.''' ,'''DDP was the common guy, the everyman, a blue-collar guy from New Jersey. He represented something that the average person could believe in, in a way that was a little unique.''' ,'''When WCW first really began to enjoy the success that we enjoyed, it was because of the story lines that we were putting out in front of people.''' ,'''There are very few voices that can speak with any kind of authority or credibility on what happened back during the time when WCW and WWF were going head to head, and I think the audience is interested in that period of time, clearly. And like I said, nobody could speak to it quite the way I could.''' ,'''Take the main event of WrestleMania and put it in front of 75 people, and it will dramatically affect the way everyone watching feels about it.''' ,'''The television business, by virtue of what's happened to streaming, it's really turned the traditional television business upside down.''' ,'''I never got close to the creative in AWA; not only was I not close to it, I wasn't allowed to be in a room close to it when they were talking about creative. That is how tightly held Verne Gagne believed in kayfabing people who he didn't believe needed to be in the process.''' ,'''When I came out for the 25th anniversary of Raw, I got a great reaction, and it made me feel very good, but as amazing a moment as that was, I know, after two months, fans would want to move on.''' ,'''I brought Muhammad Ali to North Korea in 1995. I tried that once. It didn't work out quite that well for me as it did for Dennis Rodman, but I brought Muhammad Ali to Pyongyang, North Korea, as part of a big wrestling event called the World Peace Festival. It was a two-day event that drew over 350,000 people.''' ,'''Clearly there's value in Twitter and Facebook; otherwise, none of us would be involved in it.''' ,'''One of the reasons The Bullet Club is what it is, while it may be kind of a wink and a nod to the nWo, it's also young, fresh guys of a new generation.''' ,'''Sports entertainment in general, it's a very competitive business.''' ,'''When you hang on a little too long, you disappoint your fans, and deep, deep down inside, you're disappointing yourself, and that's the part that hurts you the most.''' ,'''I'd like to manage someone, a young talent that maybe doesn't have the mic skills.''' ,'''This isn't a competitive sport. Wrestling is not the NFL or the NHL. It's not really sports. It's entertainment. And in order to be entertaining, you have to create emotion. And you can't create emotion by simply having a wrestling match.''' ,'''By the time my attempt to acquire WCW fell apart and Time Warner decided they didn't want anything remotely associated with wrestling near their networks, once that happened and really cut the cord, it was in my rear view mirror and didn't care or think about it too much.''' ,'''Eric Bishoff the evil bastard is an effective character.''' ,]
+++