+++
author = "Callum Turner"
title = "Callum Turner Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Callum Turner Quotes"
keywords = "callum turner,callum turner quotes,callum turner quote,callum turner sayings,callum turner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I watched 'Free Willy' probably 100 times. I nearly wore out the VHS tape. That movie was my introduction to Michael Madsen. When I finally saw 'Reservoir Dogs', I was like, 'That's the guy from 'Free Willy'!' - which is probably the wrong way around.''' ,'''I've become an actor rather than trying to be one, if that makes sense.''' ,'''I never went to drama school. It's a brilliant thing for the right type of person, but I threw myself in the deep end.''' ,'''Al Pacino, De Niro, Daniel Day Lewis - they're the best out there because everything they do comes from a very honest place.''' ,'''Imagining what a character will do in a given situation - it's like an equation, and working it out is a marathon rather than a sprint.''' ,'''The worst costume is when you don't have a costume.''' ,'''It's cool to be nervous, and how the nerves come out sideways. That's why some actors scream their heads off, or it comes out in their hair.''' ,'''I played tennis at underneath - Brooklyn Bridge? Manhattan Bridge? Williamsburg Bridge? There are courts on the Manhattan side.''' ,'''I played semi-professionally for a season, and there's an element of performance to being a footballer, stepping onto the pitch: you feel like a gladiator walking into a colosseum.''' ,'''As your journey goes on, you're continuously learning from everyone.''' ,'''I hate horror movies. I get really scared, and I don't want to be scared. I don't know why, but I'm one of those people who gets frightened and can't go to sleep.''' ,'''15 people in a room looking at you with no clothes on - that's a little weird.''' ,]
+++