+++
author = "Barbara Palvin"
title = "Barbara Palvin Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Barbara Palvin Quotes"
keywords = "barbara palvin,barbara palvin quotes,barbara palvin quote,barbara palvin sayings,barbara palvin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think I look great in pretty much everything... kidding! For the red carpet, I like to do really natural eyes and a nice sleek ponytail. Sometimes I'm into a really dark rouge, purple bold lip.''' ,'''I love meeting new people, different cultures. I love that.''' ,'''I have a garden. We have fresh tomatoes and strawberries. People are different here... People out in California, they grow up quicker. They have a lot of excess, and they have a lot more things than we do here in Hungary. There, they start doing makeup when they're 13, when we would still be out in the countryside making sausage.''' ,'''I have this L'Oral Superstar mascara, it's two sizes: One side is to make it thicker, and then you put the black layer on, and it gives a beautiful look.''' ,'''It's actually very important to put a little foundation up into your hairline, or else it looks like your face is not yours - like someone just Photoshopped it on!''' ,'''I started modelling when I was 13, so I learned a lot of things. I actually love doing make-up on other people, too.''' ,'''I don't have a favourite designer. If I like the piece, I don't really care if it's any particular brand - I'll buy!''' ,'''After a day in Cannes, I pass out before I even get to my bed. I'll get to my room, order room service, shower, and sleep.''' ,'''I don't try to impress people. Sometimes my jokes can be very harsh; I'm very sarcastic. I would joke about something disgusting, and my agent might be like, 'OK, maybe leave that behind for this one meeting. The burping? Maybe don't do that.'''' ,'''I want to play a psycho, something more challenging than just 'the girlfriend' part.''' ,'''I have a personal trainer. But I tried boxing; I tried ballet. I tried everything to see what works best for my body.''' ,'''When I first started out, I found it really hard to be rejected all the time. You invest in a casting, you prepare and get excited about it, then when I fail and don't get it, it makes me question whether I should be a model.''' ,'''I do Pilates. And that's best for me... because I can't really do any other sports any more because of my muscles.''' ,'''Not always trainers, but if I don't have to, I don't wear high heels. It's really just if something looks good on me, I'm going to buy it. It can be Zara or Chanel... I'm going to buy it.''' ,'''I love acting and would love to do it more. It's harder to go into acting as a model now than it ever was because so many models are doing the same thing. I want to do anything that's challenging and not within my comfort zone, and a Bond girl is so different to who I am.''' ,'''Whenever I go on the red carpet and I'm a bit nervous, I just say to myself the mantra, 'Come on Barbara, you gotta get those pictures posted on Instagram!' That's all I have in my mind, like, 'Look serious now, maybe give a little smile, but a cheeky one,' but in the end, it's never how it looks.''' ,'''Online shopping makes everything so much easier - it's a bad habit of mine.''' ,'''I clean my face twice a day with cold water and don't go to sleep with make-up on.''' ,'''There are a lot of competitive girls in the industry, so you just find the ones who share your mentality.''' ,'''I finish, like, one book in a day. That's my problem. That's why Kindle is good for me, because I put, like, 15 books in it.''' ,'''If I manage to leave my bedroom and get to the gym, that makes me feel good about myself! For me, the most difficult part is getting out of bed, but once I'm out, I really enjoy playing sports.''' ,'''When I'm not working, I prefer not to use any make-up so my skin can breathe. And I always moisturise.''' ,'''I'm not really a fan of healthy food - I love eating! But, of course, I do work out.''' ,]
+++