+++
author = "N. T. Rama Rao, Jr."
title = "N. T. Rama Rao, Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 N. T. Rama Rao, Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "n. t. rama rao, jr.,n. t. rama rao, jr. quotes,n. t. rama rao, jr. quote,n. t. rama rao, jr. sayings,n. t. rama rao, jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have been a very 'hyper boy' right from childhood. And while many liked that trait of mine, my friends didn't.''' ,'''I liked the story and wanted to do it, but I guess the time for the project came now, because I had to change my image through movies like 'Temper' and 'Nannaku Prematho' to finally suit the script of 'Janata Garage.'''' ,'''I believe in doing what I am best at.''' ,'''When I was approached by Star MAA to host 'Bigg Boss,' the biggest-ever show on Telugu Television, I was intrigued by the challenge. I believe that the show will be a game changer.''' ,'''If I want to be remembered, I want to be known as a good actor. As times change, we, as actors, need to adapt with it.''' ,'''I was meant to be an actor, and I realised that only after my son was born.''' ,'''I am a very shy person who is just close to himself. So I would refrain from talking about my personal life.''' ,'''In 'Bigg Boss Telugu,' I had to be myself, not Jai. So, every weekend, when I went to the television show, it helped me to get back to my real self.''' ,'''When my son was born, I spent a lot of time with him. I came to know a better side of me that I didn't know till now. He is actually the biggest change in my life.''' ,'''I am a typical Telugu boy dominated by all the qualities of a Hyderabadi because I was born and brought up here.''' ,'''I don't want to waste my energy in other things; instead, I would put all that in reaching the next level in a craft that I love the most.''' ,'''I am a commercial hero, and I will never leave that genre. And having an image of a mass hero, I will spoil the whole script in the wake of being too experimental.''' ,'''I don't want to do a biopic. If there was one biopic I would do, it would be about my grandfather, the late N. T. Rama Rao. But his aura and charisma is completely different, and I am no match for him.''' ,'''I needed to have a journey of my own to tell my son tomorrow. To even discuss my journey with my family, I have to set an example.''' ,'''I've been given the opportunity to carry forward the legacy with which people associate me; I can't escape it even if I don't like it. I take pride in carrying forward what's been given to me.''' ,'''I always live in the present. Every night, my mother asks me what I want for breakfast the next morning, and I say that I can only tell her that when I wake up the next day.''' ,'''Life needs to be like a roller-coaster ride with ups and downs. Otherwise, it's not exciting.''' ,'''The best thing after my son is my work - and he taught me to be genuine.''' ,'''I admit to have made some bad decision in the initial stage of my career and paid the price. I can't afford to do such a mistake again.''' ,'''Whenever I am stressed, I cook a good meal for my wife. Many people don't know this, but I'm actually a great cook.''' ,'''If my fans only want me to do a certain kind of films, then 'Naanaku Prematho' would have failed miserably. They've entrusted me with the freedom to select good and different scripts.''' ,'''I like to be challenged as an actor, allowing myself to take up diverse roles. Even audiences get tired of watching their stars in similar roles over and over again.''' ,'''During the early stages of our married life, Pranathi did struggle to adjust for a few months. But she is a very strong woman mentally, stronger than me.''' ,'''I believe in doing what I am best at. I don't want to waste my energy in other things; instead, I would put all that in reaching the next level in a craft that I love the most.''' ,'''I love being called NTR's grandson. I never moved away from his shadow, maybe because I didn't try enough or maybe because I like it this way.''' ,]
+++