+++
author = "Stefan Edberg"
title = "Stefan Edberg Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Stefan Edberg Quotes"
keywords = "stefan edberg,stefan edberg quotes,stefan edberg quote,stefan edberg sayings,stefan edberg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been here playing against Connors and it can be very, very loud. It makes it exciting at the same time.''' ,'''I felt that I did have the crowd behind me. That obviously helps a lot.''' ,'''I've been on the tour for many, many years. It's time for me to go now, before it's too late.''' ,'''A good thing is I've been playing tennis I think every day for the last two months. I really haven't had a day off. I've been doing things that I did used to do.''' ,'''As years go by, chances of winning here are getting slimmer. That's just a matter of fact. It does get tougher, but it's possible, there's a tiny little chance.''' ,'''The crowds can be very loud, especially when you're playing in the evening.''' ,'''Since a month, two months ago, you know, I've started hitting the ball well. I'm playing some really good tennis. That really helps. I sort of have to motivate myself to get pumped up. It really helps my game a lot.''' ,'''It was a tough year for me, '89, losing two Slam finals and losing another five finals. It wasn't until I won the Masters, or what's now called the ATP Finals, that things changed again. Suddenly I won seven tournaments in 1990 and became No. 1.''' ,'''I'm always being realistic.''' ,'''I think in 1991, when Jimmy got to the semifinals, it was just incredible all of the people coming out.''' ,'''For me, and most of the other players, too, if you had to pick one of the four Grand Slams, you would pick Wimbledon. It's got tradition, it's got atmosphere, and it's got mystique.''' ,'''I played Chang here under the lights here. I think that was '91. Another good match. I've played a lot more good matches under the lights than I played bad. You tend to remember some of the bad ones unfortunately.''' ,'''You lose some, you win some. Nothing wrong with that at all.''' ,'''Once you succeed in tennis, financially you become quite well off.''' ,'''I've been in a lot of trouble and come out of it. I think it shows a lot of good character.''' ,'''I felt better being in the background. That's the way I like it.''' ,'''I'm telling you, it's so exciting playing out there because I'm playing well, you have the crowd behind you, and it's such a good feeling. I'm really having a good time out there.''' ,'''If I'm going to be out there, I want to be in the top 10 and really have a chance of winning a Grand Slam.''' ,'''I'm really trying to focus myself on playing tennis, and I think that's really important.''' ,'''A win is a win.''' ,'''If you serve well, your volleys are going to be so much easier. It has got to do with confidence, obviously.''' ,'''I'd won the Australian Open twice, but winning Wimbledon takes something special.''' ,'''I had one good racket, a Wilson Javelin. It was my favorite racket, and I made the mistake of putting it next to the heater. It just got so hot that it melted.''' ,]
+++