+++
author = "Ranveer Singh"
title = "Ranveer Singh Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Ranveer Singh Quotes"
keywords = "ranveer singh,ranveer singh quotes,ranveer singh quote,ranveer singh sayings,ranveer singh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am an animated and flamboyant person. But it is being mistaken as brashness. So now I am trying to be more dignified.''' ,'''I don't think I have any set image, and I don't want one. If I think I'm getting a particular image, I try and break it. I find it very important to keep the audience guessing and keep them on their toes.''' ,'''I debuted in Bollywood without inhibitions, and I don't want to develop any fears now. Nothing is more detrimental to an actor than the lack of total surrender.''' ,'''I'm a very serious guy. I try to counter that predisposition of being a serious person with all this tomfoolery that I love to do so much. I really enjoy it; that's why I do it. I don't like the way I am... perhaps my natural default is to be that way, and I don't like that.''' ,'''Someday, I plan to buy a house in Goa, do only one movie a year, and spend the rest of time painting, learning how to cook, cooking for friends, and doing yoga.''' ,'''I just stick to my job, which is acting. Things like posters, publicity material, and promotions are entirely the film-maker's prerogative. I don't get into all of that.''' ,'''I like to be present; I like to be in the now. The way life has shaped up, it is difficult, you know, with mobile phones taking you to another time and space all the time. So it's always a battle to stay in the moment. But according to me, it's a better way to be.''' ,'''My ambition was always to bag a lead role in a film, and hence, I refrained from doing any ads, TV serials, music videos, as I felt that a fresh face always works much better. It was a gamble, and I took that gamble telling myself that I will give it my all to bag a lead role.''' ,'''I was never hungry for this kind of attention; it was the love of performing that got me interested in acting.''' ,'''I really enjoy doing cameos. It is just a day's work, and you get to play a new character.''' ,'''I have grown up believing that when an individual excels at what he does, it makes him desirable. I am a living example that lack of conventional good looks shouldn't hinder you from being awesome.''' ,'''After becoming famous, I've realised how overrated fame is. It gets in the way of normal life.''' ,'''I just love being in front of the camera making people laugh, cry, entertaining them. It's the 'nasha' of performance that I enjoy. It's my calling, and I'm blessed to be able to do that for a living.''' ,'''I love chocolates. It could be something as simple as a chocolate cake with vanilla ice-cream, or it could be macarons filled with chocolate.''' ,'''Let me put it this way: if I am the leading man of the film, and the film-maker is asking me to support him in a certain aspect so as not to burden the budget of the film, I will do whatever I can to support his vision.''' ,'''Everyone has a mobile phone with a camera; every phone can record video. You have to be prepared to be captured. It's very easy to be misconstrued and presented in ways that you wouldn't prefer. If I take a selfie with bags under my eyes, it becomes a hashtag.''' ,'''I am fiercely loyal and over-possessive, but I am learning to control my being possessive. I have become quite mature, though not as much as I would like to be, but have still improved tremendously. I can't hide my feelings, and it takes a lot of effort to be closed about things I feel for.''' ,'''I must say, I was a very filmy kid. I used to watch a lot of TV and get very influenced by Bollywood.''' ,'''I love being in love. It's the best feeling in the world.''' ,'''When I was launched in 2010, people told me that I wasn't the best looking guy, so I would have to act really well. I am aware that I am not conventionally good looking. I have heard it so many times that I have started believing it.''' ,'''I am usually a fun-loving person, and I say most of the things in a jest. Sometimes I get in trouble, but over a period of time, I think people now realise that most of the things I say are in jest.''' ,'''I would never recommend going on a crash diet. Drastically reducing your calorie intake can cause numerous problems, and your body will store fat because you have sent it into starvation mode. I eat every two hours to maintain my blood sugar levels.''' ,'''It may seem that with the new breed of actors - Arjun, Varun, Siddharth, Ayushmann, Sushant - there is suddenly too much of a hustle to make space for oneself, but acting is subjective. And we motivate one another.''' ,'''Ever since I was a little kid, the only thing that fascinated me, excited me, and engaged me was Hindi films. I didn't know anything beyond Hindi films. I was a 'filmi bachcha.'''' ,'''I'm a happy person. Sometimes, I have to make a conscious effort to stay happy. See, my predispositions are - as opposed to what you see - I'm actually quite a sensitive person, very empathetic, very emotional... Very impulsive.''' ,'''I come from a family where people are physically affectionate. Hugging and kissing comes naturally to me.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an actor ever since I was a little kid. I knew that I had to do something related to performing arts, and I enjoyed acting the most as it incorporated so many different art forms.''' ,'''I find it very cool when girls hit on me because, for a long time, I was a fat kid. I became sexy at a later stage.''' ,'''Every problem seems like a mountain to me, and when I'm fit, I feel like I can conquer anything. When the opposite happens, I go into a funk. A real, real funk.''' ,'''I treat all women with the utmost respect both professionally and personally and would never do anything to disrespect them.''' ,'''I don't do anything just for the sake of it. I don't live my life for the sake of it.''' ,]
+++