+++
author = "Steve Clevenger"
title = "Steve Clevenger Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Steve Clevenger Quotes"
keywords = "steve clevenger,steve clevenger quotes,steve clevenger quote,steve clevenger sayings,steve clevenger saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do believe that supporting our First Amendment rights and supporting local law enforcement are not mutually exclusive.''' ,'''It is exciting to have two sports teams close to where you live.''' ,'''I approach spring training the same way every year.''' ,'''I grew up on the streets of Baltimore, a city I love to this very day.''' ,'''Anytime I can get in there, playing every now and then, and contribute some way, whether it's throwing out a guy or calling a good game or getting a hit and RBI, it's big.''' ,'''Whenever you get traded out and you are playing for a winning team, it's always good.''' ,'''It's a dream come true. I get to play for my hometown team, the team I grew up rooting for.''' ,'''I grew up in a very culturally diverse area of America, and I am very proud to come from there. I am also proud that my inner circle of friends has never been defined by race but by the content of their character. Any former teammate or anyone who has met me can attest to this, and I pride myself on not being a judgmental person.''' ,'''It's never fun to get swept, but it's going to happen.''' ,'''It was always a dream of mine to play for the Orioles.''' ,'''Opening Day was a big thing. I came to a lot of Orioles games. I grew up a couple blocks from here, so I was always coming down to the stadium. I always made it down for Opening Day until I was a little bit older and I had ball. But when I was younger, I always missed school.''' ,'''I try to watch everybody.''' ,'''I'm gonna miss playing for my hometown team. Living five minutes down the road.''' ,'''It's a good feeling to have people support you.''' ,'''Every night, I try to hustle and do what I can do. And when you hit a ground ball, you should hustle.''' ,'''I played outfield in high school a little bit.''' ,'''Everybody has always put this on me, this label, that I'm not a very good defensive catcher. To me, I don't see it that way.''' ,'''I think it's awesome. Playing here in Baltimore is a dream come true for me.''' ,'''You go year to year and you can only control what you can control.''' ,'''Any time you can go out there and throw 12 pitches in any inning, you give your team some momentum coming in and get some confidence out on the mound.''' ,'''Every day, you want to come in and contribute when your name is in the lineup.''' ,'''I've always been a guy who comes in not being guaranteed a spot and always fighting for a spot. Any time you're in a camp, and you're not a big money guy, you're always going to be competing for a job.''' ,'''I see myself as an average to above-average catcher in the big leagues.''' ,'''All of my buddies and I wanted to be Cal Ripken.''' ,'''I am sickened by the idea that anyone would think of me in racist terms.''' ,]
+++