+++
author = "Judge Mills Lane"
title = "Judge Mills Lane Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Judge Mills Lane Quotes"
keywords = "judge mills lane,judge mills lane quotes,judge mills lane quote,judge mills lane sayings,judge mills lane saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think, unfortunately, some people are just bad, they're just born bad, and I don't know why.''' ,'''And so they pitched the show to me. It sounded like a good idea. We pitched the show back, and got it sold and got it on the air. And that's kicking the tail.''' ,'''But I do believe this - I believe that fundamentally, society is headed in the right direction or wants to head in the right direction, and I think judges have an obligation to try to help it head there.''' ,'''And some people, you've got to lock up. If you don't, they're going to hurt you.''' ,'''I think racial profiling is wrong. It cannot be defended. It's just flat wrong. And if a matter came before me, and it could be established that the arrest was made strictly on racial profiling, when I was on the bench, it would be gone.''' ,'''Every unfortunate event does not give rise to lawsuit.''' ,'''Well, I - all cases to me have interest. Every case is important to somebody, the people litigating that case. But the most difficult case for me is the case where one person says a, the other person says b, and you just don't know for certain who is not telling you the truth.''' ,'''Well, I think every now and again, some people deserve to get their butts chewed. Every now and again some people deserve a pat on the back. What I try and do is compliment folk who deserve a compliment, and chew folks out who deserve to be chewed out.''' ,'''I think most folks are good folks.''' ,'''We must focus on people as people, regardless of race, creed, color or gender.''' ,'''The color of somebody's skin or the way he wears his hair or clothes has nothing to do with anything.''' ,'''Well, I don't think prisons are the answer to everything, obviously.''' ,'''I have great faith in the jury system.''' ,]
+++