+++
author = "Lucas Vazquez"
title = "Lucas Vazquez Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Lucas Vazquez Quotes"
keywords = "lucas vazquez,lucas vazquez quotes,lucas vazquez quote,lucas vazquez sayings,lucas vazquez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Football brings happiness.''' ,'''Being a Real player is amazing, and just training next to the best players of the world have to make you motivate, and train as hard as you can.''' ,'''It's no use being afraid of anything, and even less so in the world of football.''' ,'''The Bernabeu crowd are very good, they always support us.''' ,'''Zidane only asks that you train well and then he decides on the games we will play in.''' ,'''I love basketball.''' ,'''The fact that I can play for Real Madrid means that I am always ready, knowing that we need to win.''' ,'''There are few players who play on their natural foot as a winger.''' ,'''The best players have to come to Madrid and Hazard is one of them. I think that Pogba would be an interesting signing.''' ,'''I'd advise Jese to go to Espanyol. My experience there was a great one, not just professionally but personally as well.''' ,'''My dream since 2007 has been to wear the shirt of the first team.''' ,'''I came from playing in a team with my mates to having the chance to play for Real Madrid.''' ,'''Morata trains to the maximum.''' ,'''To win the Champions League and possibly the Euros in the same season would be incredible, a feat achieved by very few.''' ,'''People sometimes complain and it can feel like they think we want to lose. We're not machines where one plus one is always two.''' ,'''You have to know what you did wrong, sure, but ask yourself: why? Improve it, move on. You have to live with pressure.''' ,'''The dream is to retire at Madrid but in football, you don't know.''' ,'''In Real Madrid C I had a coach, Manolo Diaz, he trusted me from the start. He taught me that if I did good I could play wherever I wanted. And I am very thankful to him.''' ,'''When I was little, I always watched the Premier League with my brother. It was, it is, very attractive: a nice football to play, one that could fit my characteristics and personality well.''' ,'''If I have done well, it is because the coach trusts me and gives me many opportunities.''' ,'''At 15 the change from a town of 2,000 to a city of four million was huge. There were good moments and, I'm not going to lie, bad moments.''' ,'''Pepe has had an impeccable career at Real Madrid and in football and whatever he does will be looked on well by us.''' ,'''My dream has always been to play for Real Madrid.''' ,'''If you trust in your ability, things will work out well.''' ,'''It would be incredible, I'd love to play in the MLS some day.''' ,'''When Zidane talks to you, you know you are being spoken to by one of the greatest players in the history of the game. He has been there and done it. You never stop learning from him.''' ,'''Yes, the national team is all one team. We are not Real Madrid players, Barcelona players, Celta Vigo players... all of us are a group.''' ,'''I love the teams of Lebron James.''' ,'''Everyone wants to be a starter, that is clear, but the one who makes those decisions is the coach. It is up to us to work hard and be at our best when we are needed.''' ,'''I like the Bayern Munich's and Juventus' stadiums. I'd love to play in Old Trafford.''' ,'''I am very proud to be a part of Real Madrid, the greatest team in the world.''' ,'''Football is made up of several factors, such as the physical side, which is very important, and the mental side.''' ,'''The way Isco plays, it comes from inside, it is a pleasure to play with him.''' ,'''Isco doesn't hide who he is, his football is from the street.''' ,'''Real Madrid have that special connection with Europe and Champions League matches. The fans transmit the importance to us and when you play a Champions League game, you get goosebumps, there is no better feeling in the world than that.''' ,'''I am very happy at Real Madrid, it is the team that formed me as a player and I hope I can stay for many years.''' ,'''This is what makes football beautiful. Sometimes it gives you these kind of 180 degree turns.''' ,'''Nobody can doubt Cristiano.''' ,'''I'm going to help the team in every way I can.''' ,'''I try not to let praise or criticism affect me.''' ,'''Big nerves are for when you are 15-year-old and you go for a make-or-break trial at Real Madrid. That's when you have the biggest life change possible at stake.''' ,'''I see other athletes as inspiration, like Rafa Nadal, Pau Gasol, Fernando Alonso. I think they are great inspiration for youngsters and for everybody.''' ,'''I always work hard to play well for Madrid and help the team.''' ,'''I try to always give my all, and I have the ambition to improve every day.''' ,'''For sure I want to stay at Real Madrid.''' ,]
+++