+++
author = "Moran Atias"
title = "Moran Atias Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Moran Atias Quotes"
keywords = "moran atias,moran atias quotes,moran atias quote,moran atias sayings,moran atias saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A relationship takes time, and you really have to work hard at it. I'm devoted to my profession, but when I find the right guy, I'll work just as long and hard for him.''' ,'''I liked to explore different arts. But when I started acting, I knew this was the medium I want to be in for the rest of my life. Stories onscreen affect me the most.''' ,'''I left Israel to work as a model, to just make money - I didn't care if I was doing an ad for toilet paper or diapers, I just really wanted to allow myself to go to school, to go to university without waitressing, because when I'm in a school environment I just really like to study and have the best grades and learn as much as I can.''' ,'''There's always a common attraction to universal needs of love and a feeling of worthiness.''' ,'''Italy was a surprise in my life. I went there just to make money and then go back to Israel and study psychology. The arts wasn't something I grew up with or thought I could be part of.''' ,'''I always liked creativity, whether it was to draw or sew - any creative assignment I was getting from school, or just on my own.''' ,'''Anna Magnani, Sophia Loren, Meryl Streep - I love actresses that are strong and fragile at the same time. They bring complexity to their roles.''' ,'''My dream was to study psychology in Israel. It's a long journey - it's seven years of study.''' ,'''Take responsibility and make a relationship the best it can be. We're all afraid of being hurt. Get rid of that fear. Be in the moment and enjoy the relationship - or you'll ruin it.''' ,'''Whenever there's a role that scares me, I get panicked and nervous. I know that greatness might come because I'm going to get out of my own element and comfort zone.''' ,'''If a guy treats me respectfully and the waiter demeaningly, I'm turned off.''' ,'''As actors, we get to hide. You can change your hair and your accent, and it's not you. You have tricks, these masks.''' ,'''I like a guy who's sarcastic, serious, sensitive - even just silent. But you have to do it at the right times. That's sexy. To me, it reflects intelligence.''' ,'''You can forgive if the shot is not right, or the lighting is a bit off, but not if the writing is bad.''' ,'''I had a very exciting life in Italy, and I was doing lots of variety shows.''' ,]
+++