+++
author = "Chi Chi Devayne"
title = "Chi Chi Devayne Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Chi Chi Devayne Quotes"
keywords = "chi chi devayne,chi chi devayne quotes,chi chi devayne quote,chi chi devayne sayings,chi chi devayne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A lot of people don't know this, but I sing.''' ,'''I've always wanted to do Broadway.''' ,'''To me, I was celebrating the accomplishment of making it on 'All Stars' and doing the best I could. There was no way I could leave being bitter or sad about achieving another girl, accomplishing things that no one else has had the opportunity to do. I was just in a good place. And it was so stressful.''' ,'''I love to get on stage and burn it up.''' ,'''Girl, I've seen people shot. I've smelled, like, the smell of brains. When I tell you I come from the streets, I'm not kidding.''' ,'''Like I said, I've always been a lazy drag queen. I'm actually a boy and I hate dressing up. I don't hate it. It's fun, but it's not something that I like doing all the time.''' ,'''I want to show the fans that I do have a voice, as well as I'm a great rapper.''' ,'''I would tell little Zavion Davenport that it doesn't matter where you're from and how you grew up, the neighborhood you grew up in.''' ,'''I don't know, maybe I have a sixth sense or something.''' ,'''A lot of the stuff I was on 'All Stars,' it wasn't new, it was all stuff out of my closet and stuff that I made myself.''' ,'''I have to be obedient to my fans and come on back and give 'em everything that they want.''' ,'''I've been singing since I was like 7 years old in the choir at church, so I do have a little bit of a voice.''' ,'''I did a Christmas tour and I sang on that and the response I got was people want to hear more of Chi Chi's voice.''' ,'''I think people are becoming more receptive to the alternative styles of drag.''' ,'''In the beginning, believe it or not, me and Acid Betty were good friends.''' ,'''Everybody knows me for my famous lip-syncs, 'I'm Telling You,' and a few more on top of that.''' ,'''I'm Chi Chi, and everybody knows when I get on stage, it's magical.''' ,'''I was doing drag as just a hobby on the weekends to let my hair down. I never thought of drag was going to be my career and what I would be doing for the rest of my life. Once I made it onto 'Drag Race,' I'm like, 'Oh, OK - this is my calling.''' ,'''I wish that I had the guts to stand up for gay rights.''' ,'''I want to do music, film, acting - all of that kind of stuff.''' ,'''I did good in Season 8 'Snatch Game,' but it was horrible, cringe-y to watch.''' ,'''Once we're done filming, we're all buddy buddy, laying all over each other and grooming each other and just helping each other out. They never show any of that kind of stuff. You can't do RuPaul's Best Friends Race!''' ,'''Cardi B or Tiffany Haddish from 'Girl's Trip,' I think I could play those two.''' ,'''People loved me because I'm a great person to be friends with, but when it comes down to drag, I didn't want them to think badly of me.''' ,'''I didn't know there was an extra 'a' in Maya Angelou! I spelled it like 'Mya' the singer.''' ,'''I really don't do celebrity impersonations at all.''' ,'''I'm a performing queen.''' ,'''Well, it's hard for me to call anybody my 'friend' because when I say 'friend,' like, I'm from the South and friends have grown up with you, went to school with you, stuff like that.''' ,'''Fans are crazy, so I try not to pay attention to most of the negativity that they bring up.''' ,'''I want the legacy of Chi Chi Devayne to be a damn good performer that came from nowhere and took the world by storm.''' ,'''When I'm pressured, I have to click into survival mode.''' ,'''That has nothing to do with how far you can go. Never be ashamed of how you walk, talk because that is going to be the key to your success.''' ,'''My drag is that real Southern dragged-out style of drag.''' ,'''Not accepting where I came from, and who I am as a person, the voice, you know, the appearance, the everything. 'Drag Race' has opened my eyes to see there's so much more than where I came from and to, like, not hold that against myself.''' ,'''One of the most famous poems I know by Maya Angelou is not 'I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings,' it's the other one, 'Still I Rise.'''' ,'''I wanted to prove to people that I can make great costumes.''' ,'''In high school, I was in the band and I was a percussionist, but I always used to watch the girls dance. I used to want to be on the team so bad.''' ,'''I would always come back to 'Drag Race.' Whatever they want me for, I'll come back.''' ,]
+++