+++
author = "Valentina Zelyaeva"
title = "Valentina Zelyaeva Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Valentina Zelyaeva Quotes"
keywords = "valentina zelyaeva,valentina zelyaeva quotes,valentina zelyaeva quote,valentina zelyaeva sayings,valentina zelyaeva saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Drink warm water with lemon first thing in the morning. It's a good way to detox and alkalize your body.''' ,'''We are skinny; this is our work. There are lots of overweight people working in offices, but I'm not going to say, 'This girl is fat; she can't work in an office.'''' ,'''It's a lot harder to stick to my regime when I'm travelling, so when I'm home, I make sure that when I wake up in the morning, I drink one litre of water with lemon to cleanse my body from the inside, and then I'll have a big jar of vegetable juice.''' ,'''Move your lymph system. Lymph is like a sewage system that carries all of the toxins out of your body.''' ,'''I had no idea about nutrition. I thought by eating salads you'll stay skinny.''' ,'''Make one day a mono-meal. This means, choose just one fruit and have it as much as you want. Apples, pears, or anything in season are great for mono-meals.''' ,'''I believe everything is about balance. I'm not 100% vegan, and obviously my fiance and my friends are not vegan, so I have to come up with a menu that will satisfy everybody.''' ,'''Throughout the day, I'll make a lot of green smoothies or salads, and then when I travel, I try my hardest to just keep up the regime. It's not always easy, but I do my best.''' ,'''With the juice, I try to put a lot of different kinds of vegetables in there like zucchini, kale and broccoli. It looks scary, but it's so good for your body, and I just love the taste of it. It's so fresh; I love it!''' ,'''Diseases happen in acidic environments, so it's very important to keep your body alkaline. Keeping a diet high in leafy greens, spring water, fresh air, raw almonds, lemons, grapefruits, and warm water with juice from half a lemon helps lower acidity levels.''' ,]
+++