+++
author = "Nigel Farage"
title = "Nigel Farage Quotes"
quotes_len = "129"
description = "the best 129 Nigel Farage Quotes"
keywords = "nigel farage,nigel farage quotes,nigel farage quote,nigel farage sayings,nigel farage saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For whatever reason, Trump likes my story, likes what I've done. He trusts me.''' ,'''It's about mass immigration at a time when 21% of young people can't find work. It's about giving £50 million a day to the EU when the public finances are under great strain.''' ,'''Predictions are a mug's game.''' ,'''We must break up the eurozone. We must set those Mediterranean countries free.''' ,'''I did not endorse Trump, because I had condemned President Obama for telling us what to do in our referendum. But I did say that if I was a U.S. citizen, I would not vote for Hillary Clinton even if she paid me.''' ,'''I'm not for sale.''' ,'''There are little games that go on in politics.''' ,'''How can any government arrange sensible healthcare provision for citizens when the migratory flow is so large, with absolutely no power or control over the quantity coming in every year?''' ,'''But there's certainly only one thing I could never agree with George Galloway on. He's a teetotaller and wants to close all the bars in the House of Commons. That is just not on.''' ,'''The only people to whom myself and the immigration issue is toxic are to the well-heeled committed Remain voters, the sort of people who live in the Hannan and Carswell world.''' ,'''Hopefully, through all aspects of life, you learn from things you've got right, things you've got wrong, but I'm not one for looking back. I'm looking ahead; you've got to.''' ,'''I like to think I've changed the centre of gravity on lots of national debates.''' ,'''The Corbynista brand of politics representing metropolitan, middle class, pro-open border values is far removed from millions of Labour voters, especially those who voted Leave in the referendum.''' ,'''The banking collapse was caused, more than anything, by bad government policy and the total failure of bad regulation, rather than by greed.''' ,'''How can you compare my life to any other MEP? I mean, come on, it's crackers, isn't it? Look, other MEPs do five days a week in Brussels and pop home for weekends. I'm working seven bloody days a week, all the hours God sends. If you include the socialising, it's over 100 hours a week.''' ,'''Donald Trump believes in nation-state democracy; Hillary Clinton used the E.U. as a prototype for a larger global union. Donald Trump believes in sensible immigration controls.''' ,'''In some ways, backing the Trump campaign was even harder than battling for Brexit. I received almost total condemnation, including from many senior figures in my own party.''' ,'''I have invested the best part of my adult political life in helping to try to build up this movement and I am far from perfect but I do think I am able, through the media, to deliver a good, simple, understandable message.''' ,'''It's about businesses nervous about taking on school leavers because of a mass of red tape. It's about health and safety regulations and green fines.''' ,'''We've been very lucky to have UKIP in the U.K. If we hadn't been here, the BNP would be doing very well.''' ,'''I've got to see the Brexit process through. we won the war, but we must win the peace.''' ,'''I judge everybody on the Farage Test. Number one, would I employ them? Number two, would I go for a drink with them?''' ,'''For seven years, I had a business relationship in Milan, Milano. Dealing with Italians, just, let me tell you... Are we the same? Good lord, no! That's why Europe's fun - it's fun because it's different. A political project that seeks to make it all the same - it's ghastly.''' ,'''I'm quite good at bringing people together.''' ,'''The people who get up earliest in the morning have the highest propensity to vote UKIP. I'm being absolutely serious about that.''' ,'''I love Europe! France is wonderful. It should be. We've subsidised it for 40 years.''' ,'''All marriages, all relationships have huge ups and downs.''' ,'''I think frankly when it comes to chaos you ain't seen nothing yet.''' ,'''I think that politics needs a bit of spicing up.''' ,'''If you take away people's identity and their ability through the ballot box to determine their future, don't be surprised if they turn to extremes or violence or anything else.''' ,'''Brexit was the first brick that was knocked out of the establishment wall.''' ,'''Whatever threats Remain may continue to fire at us, they cannot answer the simple and most basic proposition: that only by leaving the European Union can we control the numbers coming to our country.''' ,'''I have known several of the Trump team for years, and I am in a good position with the President-elect's support to help.''' ,'''Either you support the existing global elite, or you want real change and believe in nation-state democracy.''' ,'''Only by working together, as a broad coalition, can the Leave side win.''' ,'''I have to confess I do have a slight preference. I do think, naturally, that people from India and Australia are in some ways more likely to speak English, understand common law, and have a connection with this country than some people that come perhaps from countries that haven't fully recovered from being behind the Iron Curtain.''' ,'''We shouldn't measure everything in terms of GDP figures or economics. There is something called quality of life.''' ,'''UKIP believe that immigration can be an extremely positive thing. But it has to be controlled.''' ,'''British chancellor is telling the rest of Europe it must abandon democracy. It's appalling.''' ,'''If you poke the Russian bear with a stick ,he will respond.''' ,'''There is no Left and Right any more. Left and Right is irrelevant... We need big change. We've got to get back control of our country.''' ,'''We have a Conservative leader that believes in green taxes, that won't bring back grammar schools, that believes in continuing with total open-door migration from eastern Europe and refuses to give us a referendum on the EU.''' ,'''It's hardly a radical idea to suggest that regulators and legislators understand the law now, is it?''' ,'''It's the FSA and its plethora of EU bodies that's failed.''' ,'''When an Occupy demo in the centre of Frankfurt makes world news, I shall hurry to join in.''' ,'''People in business tend to have an instinctive reaction to people.''' ,'''Maybe this will be the beginning of a trend? Flat taxes, cutting foreign aid, a referendum on Europe, grammar schools. Who knows?''' ,'''My desperation for UKIP to do well meant that I really packed the diary and the day in a way that, frankly, wasn't very bright.''' ,'''I suppose, being in politics, it wasn't a job - it was almost a calling. It dominated my life, so I do think that probably a lot of people around me have paid quite a big price for that.''' ,'''There are a lot of great people in UKIP.''' ,'''Whatever my faults, I have some principles.''' ,'''However imperfect Donald Trump may be, -and, my goodness, he is - his mother was Scottish; he owns Turnberry. He spends a lot of time in our country - he loves our country, what we stand for, and our culture.''' ,'''I can't think of a single example of two mature democracies going to war with each other in the 20th century. It's where there was an absence of democracy and a breakdown of democracy that we finish up with these wars.''' ,'''Greece isn't a democracy now it's run through a troika - three foreign officials that fly into Athens airport and tell the Greeks what they can and can't do.''' ,'''UKIP's success would never have happened without the invention of YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter.''' ,'''I have become increasingly used to the Tory party mimicking our policies and phrases in a desperate effort to pretend to their members they are still Eurosceptic.''' ,'''We have good and bad archbishops.''' ,'''It's amazing how ideas start out, isn't it?''' ,'''I think that, given that some people feel very embarrassed by it, it isn't too difficult to breastfeed a baby in a way that's not openly ostentatious.''' ,'''Though I've never been a supporter of big government, the reclamation of our fisheries, which, done correctly, would be worth several billion pounds a year, should be a cabinet position with its own department.''' ,'''I have made comments in favour of British people getting jobs over and above those from southern eastern Europe.''' ,'''I just say it as I see it, behave as I do. If people don't like it, they can take a running jump.''' ,'''I believe I can lead this party from the front as a campaigning organization.''' ,'''I spent 17 years inside an institution trying to effectively destroy it; can you imagine how popular I am in Brussels? I am the most hated figure that's ever been in that place. Every time I get up to speak, hundreds of people boo and jeer.''' ,'''I want us to move as quickly as we can towards a free trade deal between the U.K. and the U.S.A. that would be good for both of us. That would also send a signal to the European Union that there's a bigger world outside of the European Union, and Britain can manage just nicely.''' ,'''When you get back control of your country, you get proper democracy. You get back proper debate.''' ,'''Quite simply, without UKIP, there would not have been a referendum. I am convinced that the 'we want our country back, we want our borders back' message that we took across the country on an open-top double decker energised non-voters to back Brexit.''' ,'''Minimum sales prices for alcohol are a startlingly bad idea. As with excise duties, the effects are regressive.''' ,'''That Obama creature - loathsome individual - he couldn't stand our country.''' ,'''I believe that the ability to talk to people and have them feeling engaged rather than patronised isn't something you can learn. It's a bit like being able to sing or play cricket. You can either do it, or you can't.''' ,'''This Constitution does not reflect the thoughts, hopes and aspirations of ordinary people. It does nothing for jobs or economic growth and widens further still the democratic deficit.''' ,'''The referendum was clear: the British people voted to leave the single market and to take back control of our borders.''' ,'''Building walls is entirely sensible. We don't need to do it. We have got the English Channel.''' ,'''It's a European Union of economic failure, of mass unemployment and of low growth.''' ,'''I'm the catalyst for the downfall of the Blairites, the Clintonites, the Bushites, and all these dreadful people who work hand in glove with Goldman Sachs and everybody else, have made themselves rich, and ruined our countries. I couldn't be happier.''' ,'''Potentially, I would be very interested in being a shock jock, though Ofcom might be tricky. Some of the American stuff is appalling, wild stuff, crazy conspiracy theories.''' ,'''Do we look horrendous when people don't work together? Oh, God, yes. If the leave campaign is not prepared to show that it's big enough and ugly enough to put aside party differences in the interests of this great cause, then it has a great problem.''' ,'''I think I am quite a good listener.''' ,'''Brexit is the best thing to happen for Russia, for America, for Germany, and for democracy.''' ,'''Post-Brexit, we got a chance to start all over again with a president in Trump, who is Anglophile. He is pro-British. He knows the things we've shared together over the years - the good and the bad.''' ,'''Let's get real: would any American president seriously open up their borders unconditionally to Mexico as the U.K. has done to the whole of the E.U.? No chance.''' ,'''When people stand up and talk about the great success that the EU has been, I'm not sure anybody saying it really believes it themselves anymore.''' ,'''I'd love to tell you that everyone who voted Brexit felt like me about the country, about the Union Jack and the cricket team. But I don't think that there's as much romanticism in it, perhaps, as people think.''' ,'''The real question is, at the end of the day, do we want to run our country? Are we proud of who we are? Are we happy to be just a star on somebody else's flag, or do we want to be an independent nation?''' ,'''I'm not giving up politics entirely - I'm just giving up leadership of a political party.''' ,'''If an idea is indeed sensible, it will eventually become just part of the accepted wisdom.''' ,'''I've always been the outsider. I've always been regarded as some extraordinarily dangerous figure. I'm none of those things! I'm just a middle-class boy from Kent who likes cricket and who happened to have a strong view about a supernational government from Brussels.''' ,'''Brexit will happen.''' ,'''I don't look back at anything. I look forwards.''' ,'''Being over-rehearsed is very bad. It is stilted. The public see that.''' ,'''The E.U. referendum was promised by a Conservative Prime Minister fearful of losing votes and of mass defections to UKIP.''' ,'''We, as a party, are colour-blind.''' ,'''When I'm finished with politics, I'll have a richer life. I'd like to go to the theatre.''' ,'''Before, Europe was about treaties, laws and our sovereign right to govern ourselves. Now, it's about everyday lives.''' ,'''If I was a Greek citizen I'd be out there trying to bring down this monstrosity that has been put upon those people.''' ,'''I have no regrets about being poor.''' ,'''Although I never wanted Theresa May to be our Prime Minister, I had been prepared to give her the benefit of the doubt.''' ,'''Puppet Papademos is in place, and as Athens caught fire on Sunday night he rather took my breath away - he said violence and destruction have no place in a democratic country.''' ,'''I think NATO needs to redefine itself. There has been no substantial thought about what NATO is for since the Berlin Wall came down.''' ,'''I've stood down as UKIP leader. I'm not responsible for these people anymore.''' ,'''We used to fight for democracy. Democracy used to matter. We now treat it with contempt. We have turned our backs on values that we built up over hundreds of years, for the benefit of politicians in Europe. To me, that is heartbreaking.''' ,'''I don't listen to music. I don't watch television, I don't read.''' ,'''There are two completely different Britains. There's London, and there's the rest of Britain. Attitudes are very different.''' ,'''Normally, when New York catches a cold, London sneezes.''' ,'''The great and the good will decide what is good for us and make sure that we get what is good for us, good and hard.''' ,'''No one did more singlehandedly to smash the BNP in Britain than me.''' ,'''My vision is to put this country and the British people first and for us to divorce ourselves from political union and re-engage with the rest of the world.''' ,'''Virtually every aspect of our commercial lives have been given away to be run by European project over which we had so little say.''' ,'''The great skill of investment is to know when the right time is to get out. Getting in's easy.''' ,'''Perhaps our own opposition to even the level of European integration we have now, let alone any more, is well known.''' ,'''Whilst there are problems with Article 50, it is the statement of intent that is important.''' ,'''I can be impatient. I can be a bit short sometimes. You're nearly always shortest with those who are most important to you.''' ,'''There is a debate in Ukip as to how strong we should be on the immigration issue. I personally think we should own it.''' ,'''I don't drive smart cars; I don't go on fancy holidays. All my money has gone on my kids' education.''' ,'''The Leave side can only win if we have an effective ground campaign comprising of activists from across the political spectrum working together.''' ,'''Will I ever forgive the British media for what they've done to me? No.''' ,'''It's a two-way street: breastfeeding women should never be embarrassed by staff asking them to stop, and most mums will recognise the need to be discreet in certain limited circumstances.''' ,'''I have been unsure, from the start, what the Occupy movement was all about, although I did suspect that it was just fatuous, anti-enterprise, left-wingery.''' ,'''I hate big government; I hate being told what to do on a personal basis.''' ,'''It's a great shame that the head of our established church is not actually prepared to stand up and fight for our Christian culture in this country.''' ,'''Having established that good ideas do indeed come in from the cold, start on the fringes and become mainstream, can we make any predictions about what the next move will be?''' ,'''I think the employer should be much freer to make decisions on who she or he employs.''' ,'''I'm not for laws. We need a minimum of laws.''' ,'''My opponents are the people who gave up our borders.''' ,'''Saying you don't want to enter every potential war in the Middle East doesn't make you an isolationist; it makes you wise.''' ,'''There are millions out there who aren't getting an even break. They're being done down.''' ,'''I can distinctly remember being the only boy in my class whose parents had separated.''' ,'''I go to bed very late and get up very early. If I get five hours, I am very happy.''' ,'''We can't completely isolate ourselves from international terrorism and the problem the world faces.''' ,]
+++