+++
author = "Ross Lovegrove"
title = "Ross Lovegrove Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Ross Lovegrove Quotes"
keywords = "ross lovegrove,ross lovegrove quotes,ross lovegrove quote,ross lovegrove sayings,ross lovegrove saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The world we live in is not purely visual. For me it's totally poly-sensorial so the tactile, sensual aspect of living in the work that I do is brought to the fore.''' ,'''You can't buy something which does not exist. In a way, let's make things exist and then judge later. Don't cancel the process of creativity too early; let it flow.''' ,'''I'm involved in everything from highly progressive lighting systems to airline interiors. In the field of transportation I can go from the micro to the macro: architecture, transportation, industrial product design, right across the board. It's Russian dollism, because they all interrelate: one goes into the other.''' ,'''Modern design becomes the eye catcher because it's out of context, it is something newborn and fresh, something people have never seen before. I mean, that in itself is the way we should sort of stimulate the senses of society, this urban condition.''' ,'''You have to be ahead of your game, and in industry that is a different condition than in art. If you make things in an intelligent way and then they are replicated, that's a beautiful thing. If you make things in a bad way and they are replicated, the wrong is multiplied.''' ,'''Often when I meet people and say I'm a designer, they say, 'Oh, a fashion designer.' Which is not a bad thing I suppose, a bit groovy.''' ,'''I have to think about the future because, not that I'm bored with it now, but I can't live now, it's not my place to live now. I've got to live ahead of myself.''' ,]
+++