+++
author = "Sammi Giancola"
title = "Sammi Giancola Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Sammi Giancola Quotes"
keywords = "sammi giancola,sammi giancola quotes,sammi giancola quote,sammi giancola sayings,sammi giancola saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I vary exercises and don't always go to the gym. When I don't, I'll try to work out 10 minutes before bed. Lunges, pushups, abs, yoga. A little of everything.''' ,'''Having a great breakfast gives me motivation and energy for the rest of the day.''' ,'''I miss it like crazy, but I don't eat pasta anymore.''' ,'''I try and keep busy and lift some weights and do cardio as much as I can.''' ,'''When it was soccer time, it was soccer time.''' ,'''It's actually really cool to know people that know who you are.''' ,'''I take my dog for walks all the time.''' ,'''I like to drive everywhere, so I normally like to sing out loud in my car where nobody else can hear me.''' ,'''What's really cool is, I'm secure in myself. So people can have opinions, they can say whatever they want, but at the end of the day I'm gonna do what I'm gonna do, and if I feel a certain way, that's how I feel.''' ,'''Maybe I'll try to become an actress, or try out acting.''' ,'''I'm not letting TV dictate who I really am.''' ,'''I try not to eat junk, and I like to work out.''' ,'''I don't really care what anybody has to say about me.''' ,'''I love watching the 'Real Housewives.'''' ,'''I think if you look good, you feel good. So if you're working out, I think pain is gain. If you go through the pain, you gain happiness.''' ,'''I love Facebook and Twitter. Twitter helps me understand and interact with my fans, and Facebook is more for keeping up with my close friends and family.''' ,'''Normally I get called Sammi Sweetheart on a daily basis.''' ,'''I'm not Sammi Sweetheart in my private life.''' ,'''Whenever I feel in the mood, I'll grab a Twix or even bake some brownies.''' ,'''I have two sisters, so there were three girls in my family, and my dad always wanted a boy, so I was always like the boy of the family.''' ,'''I actually feel extremely proud of my family and sisters. Both of my sisters are doing well with their careers and are both determined people. I am so proud of my family and the things that they overcome.''' ,'''I would love to travel anywhere! To another country... Anywhere that's fun, that has a cool vibe.''' ,'''I eat food I love in moderate portions and in a healthier way.''' ,'''I've been playing soccer since I was about nine-years-old.''' ,'''I just want to get into clothing and things that I really love.''' ,'''To be honest, I'm focusing on me and my brand and wherever that takes me.''' ,'''I try to do cardio every day, but I'll alternate doing legs one day, arms one day, doing my abs. I try and switch it up as much as I can.''' ,'''There's a lot more to us than what you see on 'Jersey Shore.'''' ,'''My dad was a huge Yankees fan, huge Jets fan - he's really into sports. He had all sorts of memorabilia and cool things around the house. I would always just sit and watch Yankees games with my dad. Growing up, I was just very involved with the Jets, Yankees and sports because of my dad.''' ,'''I eat my vegetables and try to stay healthy.''' ,'''Snooki is going to be a fun parent.''' ,'''I'm really smart.''' ,'''I'm unique.''' ,'''I feel truly lucky and blessed.''' ,'''You know what I really want to get into? I'm really artistic, so I really want to get into fashion designing and fashion styling. That's, like, something I'm really, really interested in.''' ,'''I only have hair extensions because I feel like my hair is thin and I look like Pocahontas and I need some thickness and volume.''' ,'''Having a little chocolate sometime won't kill you!''' ,'''My family is great.''' ,'''I don't know if it is because I have a distinct look or not, but there are no fans that have mistaken me for someone else.''' ,'''I want to look good and feel good.''' ,'''You have to look good in Miami because beautiful people are everywhere you look! You don't want to turn into a slob.''' ,'''When you have your hair sewn in it feels like there's something on the back of your head and when you sleep you feel it.''' ,'''I like to stay grounded.''' ,'''I want to be healthy and live life as best as I can.''' ,'''I'm a reality TV junkie.''' ,'''Don't be bored or mad when you go out. Just enjoy yourself.''' ,'''I love how sports make me feel, accomplishing an activity.''' ,'''I was the only one in my family who did sports. I played softball, track and soccer in high school, and then I played soccer in college. I love sports and I love working out. I love soccer.''' ,'''I definitely play soccer every week and try to keep life as normal as I can.''' ,'''I was studying sociology in college and I was a big soccer player. That's something not a lot of people know about me. I'm a girly girl, but I'm also a secret tomboy.''' ,]
+++