+++
author = "Josie Bissett"
title = "Josie Bissett Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Josie Bissett Quotes"
keywords = "josie bissett,josie bissett quotes,josie bissett quote,josie bissett sayings,josie bissett saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think with age you get wiser and understand the importance of taking care of your skin. I think you're also more aware of your mortality.''' ,'''When I had Mason, I was really ready to leave the business of acting, but still wanted to do work that I could control.''' ,'''My first children's book, 'Tickle Monster,' was inspired by tickling my son one evening.''' ,'''I grew up in Seattle, where there isn't a lot of sun.''' ,'''I want my kids to live their life with great family memories that they can pass on to their children.''' ,'''I'd have to say, for me, as a child, my favorite memories were always centered around Christmas time. It always seemed like no matter how much money my parents had or didn't have, we got completely spoiled rotten. There were always presents under the tree, and we always did special things, like hide elves around the house.''' ,'''I have to say, creating memories is so important to me that I did a book about creating memories for your family.''' ,'''Kids really take you out of yourself, and your priorities become really clear. With acting and the business, you don't really have priorities. You have no idea what each day or week's going to be like.''' ,'''Dance, to me, is an expression of who we are.''' ,'''I don't really think of myself or picture myself as a Hollywood person.''' ,'''I use self-tanners at least once a week, and I get darker than I do then when I am in the sun.''' ,'''To be quite frank and honest with you, it drives me absolutely crazy when my kids fight, the sound of them fighting and not getting along.''' ,'''It's so important to engage your kids to create rituals and moments that they will always remember.''' ,'''We all wake up at our leisure; the kids know not to wake me up. Then we make breakfast or go out to eat with family. There is usually a sporting event or two to watch!''' ,'''When I was pregnant, I wanted to take some time off from acting, but I still needed a creative outlet for myself. My first two books were created during my pregnancies and after giving birth to my first child.''' ,'''I've sort of mellowed out. It used to be: I want to be a star, do big movies. Now, being married, it's like the reasons I wanted to do that seem the wrong reasons. I want to have kids.''' ,'''Any job I choose has to work with my schedule with my kids. I don't want to miss any of my time with them.''' ,'''I don't get all that tan outdoors because I am so fair, and my color goes away so fast. It really is a waste for me to try and get suntan because it's more work than it's worth.''' ,'''I can't imagine my life without my kids. Raising them has been the greatest joy in my life.''' ,'''If my kids decide to be actors and really, truly love it and are passionate about it, then I would definitely want to help them along their way, but it's a tough business.''' ,'''I'm doing a lot of parenting work and acting as a spokesperson. I have a clothing line and a line of toys.''' ,'''The 'Tickle Monster' story literally flew out of my mouth.''' ,''''Tickle Monster' is an interactive book and, by the nature of the story, bonds the parent and child through tickling and laughter.''' ,'''I think that every decision I made came from what's best for the kids. If both parents have the children's best interests in mind, it's going to go OK. The second that the parents don't do that, it gets ugly.''' ,'''I love dancing; my kids love to dance. I think it's just another way for children to learn they can be themselves.''' ,'''I prefer to be a mother in the Pacific Northwest! I grew up outside of Seattle and personally find it to be the most beautiful place in the world.''' ,'''It drives me absolutely crazy when my kids fight - the sound of them fighting and not getting along.''' ,'''My kids definitely give me all of my ideas. I'm always listening to what they talk about, how they play, what they play. Their imaginations are so incredible.''' ,]
+++