+++
author = "Brian Binnie"
title = "Brian Binnie Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Brian Binnie Quotes"
keywords = "brian binnie,brian binnie quotes,brian binnie quote,brian binnie sayings,brian binnie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was never a Trekkie, nor a science fiction guy.''' ,'''Without mincing words or really embellishing anything... I consider Mike Alsbury the renaissance man. He could do it all. He was an engineer. He was a pilot. He worked well with others. He had a great sense of humor. I never heard him raise his voice or lose his cool.''' ,'''If you are not happy when you're weightless, then something's wrong.''' ,'''In 1969 I was 16, and for me anything was possible. '2001: A Space Odyssey' was in theaters. Man's future in space seemed limitless, and here on TV to punctuate it all were men walking on the moon.''' ,'''Golf is a working man's sport in Scotland.''' ,'''I remember going to London with my father in 1968 to see '2001: A Space Odyssey.' I just soaked in that movie. To me, that was real; it was going to happen.''' ,'''The notion of getting the general public into low-Earth orbit I don't think is far-fetched at all.''' ,'''I never declared I wanted to be an astronaut, as I considered that was presumptuous.''' ,'''The eye is much more dynamic than any camera.''' ,'''Weightlessness is a wonderful experience. It feels like magic. It really does.''' ,'''I'm very pleased to be part of the XCOR team and look forward to working with friends and colleagues on many of the exciting development efforts at XCOR, including the family of Lynx vehicles.''' ,'''If you are not used to the g-forces, it can really mess with you. There's this overwhelming power that sweeps through the cabin. Your senses get pegged out. You're looking for comfort or safety but you won't find any. All you can do is keep breathing.''' ,'''It is extremely rewarding for me to be recognised by the University of Aberdeen. This is where I grew up and nurtured my dreams.''' ,'''If somebody had told me when I was in graduate school, 'Brian, in 35 years you'll get a chance to fly the first commercial spacecraft with no computers,' I'd have said, 'I don't think so. People are not going to be that stupid.'''' ,'''I was a big aviation buff as a boy.''' ,'''I always liked airplanes, and I decided I was going to go to school to study them.''' ,'''The delay in SpaceShipTwo has not been the development of either of the vehicles. But the rocket motor has just been problematic from the get-go.''' ,]
+++