+++
author = "Marco Zanini"
title = "Marco Zanini Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Marco Zanini Quotes"
keywords = "marco zanini,marco zanini quotes,marco zanini quote,marco zanini sayings,marco zanini saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was 10 or 11, I started to sketch, and my drawings happened to be like fashion drawings... I'm lucky to have had this dream to chase since I was very young.''' ,'''I love the personality of Schiaparelli so much.''' ,'''It's couture. Everything has to be done by hand. That is most important. That is the crucial element. Without it, that is not couture anymore.''' ,'''I've never liked to conceptualize too much about fashion, like it was art or science, which it is not. But it's nice when there's a clear idea behind a collection.''' ,'''The biggest and most interesting challenge is to bring Elsa Schiaparelli's legacy to the present and the future. She had an exceptional, incredible, and intelligent approach; she was ahead of her times.''' ,'''Integrity is the distinctive Santoni trait. Their attention for the longevity of good product matches the widely-felt need for fashion that's less superficial and volatile.''' ,'''Schiaparelli symbolizes the capacity to think and create in a different way.''' ,'''A Schiaparelli woman is not about cliche.''' ,'''A product that wants to stand out needs different treatment.''' ,'''We are all human, and mistakes are just around the corner, but experience lets you try to avoid them.''' ,'''Real luxury is a balance between quality and the affection you feel for an object that cannot be easily replicated.''' ,'''As long as I have fashion memories, Schiaparelli has been there.''' ,'''I'm always looking for signs.''' ,'''Fashion means never to look too much backwards. It always needs to go forwards.''' ,'''Schiaparelli, for me, is about eclecticism.''' ,'''Luxury is not a $4,000 T-shirt - that's just an expensive item, the same as if a can of Coca-Cola cost $5,000.''' ,'''In fashion, there's huge pressure to produce results in no time. But you cannot guarantee numbers, because fashion gravitates around desire.''' ,'''When I think resort, I think prettiness.''' ,'''Schiaparelli was almost like a pop artist. Even the first sweater had a naive visual impact. You immediately get it, and you love it or you hate it. There's nothing in between. But she had a proper upbringing, so she also understood about quality and luxury.''' ,'''Especially as a teenager, you were so fond of Schiaparelli because she was slightly extreme, rebellious, and iconoclastic as well. That appeals to teenagers!''' ,]
+++