+++
author = "Grace Poe"
title = "Grace Poe Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Grace Poe Quotes"
keywords = "grace poe,grace poe quotes,grace poe quote,grace poe sayings,grace poe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Most movies now are drama, and the commercially successful ones are, sadly, about adulterous relationships.''' ,'''Even if I aspired to be in showbiz, I felt physically inadequate being compared to my parents.''' ,'''Every worker needs a decent and legal source of income.''' ,'''I'm not for censorship without reason.''' ,'''Definitely, I am not advocating an arms race.''' ,'''The string of disqualification cases were filed against me when I was still contemplating a run for the presidency by people whose motives were suspect at best. Powerful groups with personal agenda are behind these cases. But I am not afraid. Not when the people are behind me.''' ,'''It's always best to ask for forgiveness if you feel that you made a mistake. And again, asking for forgiveness is not just saying the words 'I'm sorry'; it is also offering what you need to do.''' ,'''Underlings look up to the boss for behavioral cues, subtle signs, hints and gestures.''' ,'''I believe that transparency is the solution to our problem on corruption.''' ,'''If, through death penalty, we can create fears, though it's against my will, we have to do it.''' ,'''I will continue to help run my father's company.''' ,'''The straight path is not one that is reserved for a few. This should be taken by more of us.''' ,'''I appreciate artistically made movies, but as an audience member, I want to be entertained, too.''' ,'''I learned a lot about filmmaking from my dad. Starting when I was a child, I would listen to my dad as an actor, writer, director and producer talking about films - you know what the treatment would be in the opening, in the middle, and in the ending.''' ,'''Integrity is a very important and an almost indispensable virtue that all leaders must possess. This is especially true in the Philippine context because we Filipinos really respond to leadership by example.''' ,'''Your aspiration is really for the country to be better. I think that's exactly what I've gone through - a Filipino who may live elsewhere but who cares just as much for the country.''' ,'''It's important to have IT knowledge; it's important to increase every government agency's IT capability.''' ,'''What is important is a leader who can be trusted.''' ,'''My resume is lean enough that I don't have the added baggage that is not necessary to be able to be successful in government.''' ,'''If you don't expose something to sunlight, microbes and germs will thrive.''' ,'''Loyalty to the country does not end with territory. Sometimes you are elsewhere, but your heart is really for the country.''' ,'''If I think of all the family members, I was probably the only one who was excited with the possibility of my dad's entering public office.''' ,'''The people who have been helping me in the past continue to support me. Many of them supported my father, and the support isn't just financial.''' ,'''Nothing will deter crime but the certainty of punishment.''' ,'''Filipinos should need no longer kill fellow Filipinos. With peace, real progress can touch all corners of the country.''' ,'''I am deeply concerned about the impact of poverty on children because poverty can destroy their future and bind them to a life of misery.''' ,'''My dad was such a great story-teller, a good teacher.''' ,'''You need a president whom you can trust, someone who will not steal your money, a president who is sincere, brave and just.''' ,'''As a public figure, you have to maintain a certain demeanor. We also have responsibility to the public, but of course, I'm not perfect. I have a lot of flaws; my husband can tell you that, my friends, even. They know who I am.''' ,'''Like every parent, I cannot rest easy until my children are home safe at night.''' ,'''Whenever I come here to Ilocos, I get sentimental because I always remember that as a child, I would ride a bike with my father in Paoay near where they were shooting 'Panday.'''' ,'''My favorite author is David Baldacci; I've read all his books. I even have a picture with Baldacci taken during his book-signing in the States.''' ,'''I am grateful for my father's legacy. I am grateful to have found out who my real friends are. I am grateful for God's guidance.''' ,'''I'm biased for movies that have triumphant endings.''' ,'''I see the Philippines one day as a developed country, one of the major economies of Asia - perhaps not in six years, but definitely in our lifetime.''' ,'''Even if we do not walk together on the straight path, as long as we have the same destination, that is what's important.''' ,'''In many parts of Mindanao, brownouts are a frequent occurrence.''' ,'''I am quite uncomfortable using legislation to peg the minimum wage.''' ,]
+++