+++
author = "Jennifer Ellison"
title = "Jennifer Ellison Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Jennifer Ellison Quotes"
keywords = "jennifer ellison,jennifer ellison quotes,jennifer ellison quote,jennifer ellison sayings,jennifer ellison saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My name's Jennifer Ellison and one day I'm going to be famous!''' ,'''I want to be a young mum and if I didn't have to work I'd have them tomorrow. I'd like three!''' ,'''I'm comfortable with my body but I don't like my bum - I think it's too big.''' ,'''I know people will think it's funny because I've done glamour modelling in the past, but I felt embarrassed about my body and just wanted to cover it up.''' ,'''I wanted to have a go at a pop career. My first single, 'Baby I Don't Care', was a hit, and the second, 'Bye Bye Boy', reached the Top 20.''' ,'''I just wanted to perform, to sing, dance and act.''' ,'''I think because I did a lot of modelling and appeared in lads mags a lot of women didn't necessarily warm to me. But now I have been through childbirth, post-natal depression and struggled with my weight, women seem to relate to me a lot more.''' ,'''I want to tell people that I had post-natal depression because there is so much stigma around the subject and there shouldn't be.''' ,'''When I found out I was pregnant, I was over the moon about it, but I was upset I wasn't married!''' ,'''I would snack on crisps and chocolate and my meals weren't the best. I ate lots of steak with creamy sauces, chips and peas, washed down with wine and a pudding.''' ,'''If the press see you looking normal they can suddenly be 'oh, she's got a spot on her face, she's having a bad day'. That can be quite cruel.''' ,'''I was performing from the age of three.''' ,'''I eat a lot of chicken with salad or salmon with salad.''' ,'''The prima ballerinas who taught me were far more scary than Gordon Ramsay. They'd scream at me and pull my legs and arms, so after them Gordon was a piece of cake.''' ,'''I'd already put on a bit of weight before I got pregnant.''' ,'''I had absolutely no idea how I had ballooned during my pregnancy. All I thought about was eating plenty of food to keep my baby healthy.''' ,'''Everyone thinks that just because you have a Scouse accent, then you must be 'on the rob'.''' ,'''I want to have a family and I'd like to live in a lovely big house, with a massive driveway and gates and loads of kids.''' ,'''I came out of the womb born to sing and dance. I have to follow my heart.''' ,'''Ballet is such a disciplined craft and it has given me a good grounding.''' ,'''I was born and brought up in Liverpool with my clever little sister Jemma, who is 14 and wants to be a vet. My mum Jane is an administrator and my dad Peter is a taxi driver.''' ,'''I'm very close to my family. Not like these big stars - not mentioning any names - who lose the plot and don't know who they are.''' ,'''I'm an addict for underwear.''' ,'''I love performing on stage the most. It's getting that instant reaction from a live audience. There are no boundaries, you can take your character as far as you want to, you can be the craziest person ever.''' ,'''I got a mortgage at 17! I didn't even know you could get a mortgage at 17.''' ,'''Going home and spending time with your family and your real friends keeps you grounded.''' ,'''I don't find it a struggle to maintain a healthy diet now as my palate has changed. I don't crave rich food.''' ,'''I want to be the best mum and I want everything to be perfect - I want a fairy tale really.''' ,'''If it's supposed to be a really passionate snog, you slip the tongue in.''' ,'''I always wanted to act and sing, but my first love was ballet.''' ,'''I don't do faddy diets any more. I once did a no-carbs diet a few years ago but it made me depressed. I couldn't be doing with that!''' ,'''Dad worked in a warehouse when I was little and I didn't see him for three years as he was doing all the overtime God gave him to buy me new ballet shoes, or a new tutu.''' ,'''I used to be such a daredevil but now I'm much more cautious.''' ,]
+++