+++
author = "Candy Crowley"
title = "Candy Crowley Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Candy Crowley Quotes"
keywords = "candy crowley,candy crowley quotes,candy crowley quote,candy crowley sayings,candy crowley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I mean, if a camera's on you all the time, you don't get real moments.''' ,'''I'd love to have William Faulkner, Beethoven and Bach over. I want to find out what makes those guys tick!''' ,'''It's important to know what motivates you, not what motivates somebody else.''' ,'''I was born in the Midwest, where 'salad' was cherry Jell-O with bananas in it. Now children are more aware of healthy foods.''' ,'''Usually you kind of give the President a pass on leaking confidential stuff.''' ,'''I think whenever you see what may be the seeds of a third party, you need to be very skeptical because there's not a very good track record for third parties.''' ,'''I'm a mac and cheese freak. Homemade or from the blue box, I'm not picky!''' ,'''Have I ever made a mistake? I am sure. Do I think I can stand on my record? I do.''' ,'''I'm lighter now in a lot of ways.''' ,'''I am a hard-news journalist. That is what I do.''' ,'''I feel great physically. I feel really good.''' ,'''People always used to say to me, 'Don't you want your own show? That'd be so cool if you had your own show.' I said, 'You know, it's not gonna happen. So - no.'''' ,'''As someone who is in awe and grateful every day to be in a country where freedom of the press, free speech and free elections are a way of life, I am wowed, amazed and excited by the opportunity to moderate a 2012 presidential debate.''' ,'''I'm a vegetarian who doesn't like eggplant parmesan. Isn't that awful? I'm also sick of portobello mushrooms. People are like, 'A vegetarian's coming to dinner,' so they serve those.''' ,'''I still get mad. I still get upset. But I let it go more quickly.''' ,'''Don't plan too hard, because something much better might be out there.''' ,'''I sometimes look around that studio in the middle of commercials and think, 'Really?'''' ,]
+++