+++
author = "Anthony Quinn"
title = "Anthony Quinn Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Anthony Quinn Quotes"
keywords = "anthony quinn,anthony quinn quotes,anthony quinn quote,anthony quinn sayings,anthony quinn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never satisfied that kid but I think he and I have made a deal now.''' ,'''Well, I mean, bread, I mean, I've got to have bread too to live.''' ,'''I love the stage.''' ,'''Oh, the Irish were building the railroads down through Mexico, through Chihuahua. They finished the railroads when they finished out in the West Coast, and they went down and put the trains into Mexico.''' ,'''And I had known Peter O'Toole before in London. And I'd liked him very much. And the thought of being in a picture with him was very challenging to me. And he was playing the starring role.''' ,'''I have a son in Barcelona whom I am madly in love with.''' ,'''I mean, you know, actors lives - you're forgotten. Look at Barrymore, and look at all the great actors. They're forgotten after awhile.''' ,'''Bob Taylor and I playing brothers. And I was a Mexican bandit. And he was the sheriff of the town. And we loved each other. We loved each other very much.''' ,'''Well, I called him and I said, Mr. Wright, what can I do? Universal offered me a contract $300 a week. He says take it. You'll never get that money from me.''' ,'''The painter leaves his mark. And I just put in two statues in Rhode Island that I'm working on. And I think that's going to make me last longer than me.''' ,'''I have lived in a flurry of images, but I will go out in a freeze frame.''' ,'''And I loved Frank Lloyd Wright. I think he was the greatest man I have ever met in my life.''' ,'''I mean, a Mexican boy couldn't be anything else but an Indian. And why did you take the name of Quinn, they used to say to me. Hey, you're an Indian, so I played Indians.''' ,'''No parent is there forever. So I won't be here forever with these kids.''' ,'''I liked sculpting better than painting. You have more freedom in sculpting.''' ,'''Now, Marlon and I - for some reason, even today - even today, we can't say two words to each other. We really can't talk to each other. You know, I say to him - Marlon can't talk. I mean, he'd talk to you. But he can't talk.''' ,'''First of all, I only get 50 percent of it, because, I mean, the galleries get 50 and 60 percent. I mean, that's normal. I understand that. I don't quarrel with that.''' ,'''In Europe an actor is an artist. In Hollywood, if he isn't working, he's a bum.''' ,'''Well, I mean, you have an emotion, you want to express it. You don't just look in the camera and do it. You want to hide from the embarrassment of your brother saying you're not allowed to come into my town.''' ,'''I studied all about Gauguin. He was a banker. He was a banker who - he used to paint on Sundays. And one day he hated himself for painting on Sundays.''' ,'''I didn't intend to become an actor.''' ,'''I lost my father was I 10 years old, and I always looked for a father. I missed my father very much.''' ,'''On the stage, you have to find truth, even if you have to lose the audience.''' ,'''Thirteen, 13 children, and I love - I love them all. And I think I've been a good father to all of them.''' ,'''I never get the girl. I wind up with a country instead.''' ,]
+++