+++
author = "Bill Bailey"
title = "Bill Bailey Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Bill Bailey Quotes"
keywords = "bill bailey,bill bailey quotes,bill bailey quote,bill bailey sayings,bill bailey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was an only child but I never longed for a sibling. It just didn't occur to me.''' ,'''When I was in Cardiff, playing with the National Orchestra of Wales, they said they get letters from people complaining if they're smiling during the concert. Nuts, isn't it? As if you have to respect the solemnity of the music by not smiling. Music is this joyful thing that enriches our lives, and you're not supposed to smile?''' ,'''Great music and great artists create their own music and look and are not manufactured.''' ,'''I said to my wife that if I had enough money I'd have my arms lengthened. Slightly longer arms would be great.''' ,'''I've always been reasonably upbeat about most things.''' ,'''If you're going to perform, you're going to attract criticism. You can't please everyone all the time. You don't know how things are going to come out. But that's part of the fun of it, the adventure of doing any kind of art.''' ,'''In my twenties, I floated around for years, doing the odd theatre job but mainly leading a hedonistic lifestyle, getting intoxicated in plenty of different ways in plenty of different places.''' ,'''When I was 15, I went to see the Stranglers at Bath Pavilion. I saw Jean-Jacques Burnel take off his bass and whack a skinhead over the head with it because he gave a Nazi salute. I thought: 'This is brilliant!'''' ,'''Now, with the success of musical comedy like the Mighty Boosh, Flight of the Conchords and Bo Burnham, I feel vindicated.''' ,'''My comedy comes from the actual music itself - they're observational musical gags. I could take the music away and it would just be some words.''' ,'''I did a show in this tiny town called Longyearbyen. We went snowmobiling around Svalbard and saw Arctic foxes, snow bunting, polar bear footprints and almost got lost in a blizzard.''' ,'''I'm really grateful for the fact that I have full artistic control over my career. I can choose what film or TV projects I'm interested in doing.''' ,'''I think happiness really happens when you least expect it: it's when you're not really thinking about it, when you're not trying to achieve it, when you're not trying to get the perfect holiday, the perfect life, the perfect body, the perfect existence.''' ,'''My grandparents would have big, long arguments that were entertaining and that's where I first noticed, and was thrilled by, political discourse.''' ,'''I've always been envious of certainty, of people who always seemed to have a plan for their lives.''' ,'''I've started doing Bikram yoga. You're in a boiling hot room, bending over pretending to be a locust, you can't do that at the gym.''' ,'''Melbourne has great eateries and you can go birdwatching.''' ,'''The worst thing is when people try and take pictures surreptitiously. I always say, 'Look, you can ask me for a photograph. You will get a much better one than just the side of my face.' Sometimes they just run off. They can't cope.''' ,'''I used to live on a houseboat near Hammersmith Bridge.''' ,'''You spend a lot more time on your own as an only child. And there's space to allow your imagination to take flight.''' ,'''You have to have a thick skin, yes. If you're going to do something as foolhardy as standup, you've got to be able to take it on the chin if someone has a go at you.''' ,'''When you say 'Hello Wembley!' you're not just saying hello to a large shed. You're saying, 'Hello, I'm following all the greats that have played here before.'''' ,'''It's been Bill for so long people think my name is William, but it's not, it's Mark.''' ,'''My mother was a classic matriarchal figure. She'd sing round the house and always had music on.''' ,'''There was an existential moment - I don't know if I want to call it crisis - when I turned 50 and I felt 'this is interesting; how did this happen?' It affected me in a way I wasn't expecting. It made me pause for reflection.''' ,'''I think that generally there's a pressure to live the best life you can.''' ,'''The point with me is that it's always been, even with the stand-up, that the music has to be right. You have to take it seriously. You have to try and play it as faithfully as possible. That way it helps the comedy. Rather than just playing it in a silly way.''' ,'''People perceive me as this kind of hippy intellectual, reflecting and communing with nature or in a pyramid somewhere chanting. Really, no. I love speed, fast things, quad and road bikes, and bombing down a mountain.''' ,'''London is a great place to be over Christmas.''' ,'''I quite like confounding people's expectations.''' ,'''I hate all those celebrity sculptures like Tussauds, where everyone is dressed in spangly suits and they are all smiling.''' ,'''Somehow the Tories have deflected the righteous anger at the bankers who we bailed out. The Tories manage to take that outrage and direct it at benefit claimants. It's genius. Evil genius.''' ,'''But being in 'Doctor Who' is a dream come true. I've been a fan since I can remember watching TV.''' ,'''As a young man, the temptation was to drink the minibar dry. I did all that - now I prefer to get outdoors.''' ,'''A lot of the time, you need to find the right home for ideas. You know, sometimes you think 'oh this'd be a sitcom, oh, no it wouldn't, it'd be a drama, or an educational thing, or a doco or something.' I've got loads of ideas and you just have to keep sending them and pitching them.''' ,'''I have sold stuff door-to-door, but not doors.''' ,'''I get a lot of nutters in my audiences.''' ,'''I think gaming has influenced popular culture in a huge way. It's worked its way into novels, and blockbuster movies.''' ,'''At yoga you get some sense of spiritual space so that people don't intrude. You can go there and close your eyes and no one will talk to you. People are too worried about not fainting to bother with some bloke who was on the telly.''' ,'''The devil's in the detail and sometimes if you're thinking too big, you can miss the detail.''' ,'''Twenty-two years I've been doing this comedy lark, so it's been like a meteoric rise to fame... if the meteor was being dragged by an arthritic donkey across a ploughed field, in northern Poland.''' ,'''I have anti-establishment hair.''' ,'''I love to watch birds and wildlife.''' ,'''My grandparents lived with us. And I remember watching 'Doctor Who' with my granddad on his new telly. These were the days before remote controls but my granddad, being quite a resourceful sort of chap, had fashioned his own remote control - which was a length of bamboo pole with a bit of cork that he'd glued on the end.''' ,'''There was something about stand-up that music wouldn't give me, which was my love of the spoken word and the mercurial tendency of language to respond to what happens to you.''' ,'''Films and gaming are blurring together, and it makes for brilliant popcorn entertainment.''' ,'''I used to like beer, but it makes me feel slightly queasy.''' ,'''I met Amy Winehouse a few times and she was always funny, charming and self-deprecating - just a delight to be around.''' ,'''My grandfather had strong opinions. He was an argumentative character and quite staunchly socialist.''' ,'''For me, audio books was about when you can't actually physically get hold of a book, like when you're driving. It's a fantastic companion on a long journey.''' ,'''As I get older, I have a very strong urge to know about stuff. I want to learn the names of trees and birds; that's the sort of knowledge I want to pass on to my son.''' ,'''The Dutch do have a slightly odd sense of humour.''' ,'''I am pretty laid-back as a parent, but I do like a lot of activity. So I am constantly suggesting things to do that involve some physical activity: cycling, mountain biking and paddleboarding.''' ,'''I hate getting ill, it irritates me so I try to stay reasonably healthy.''' ,'''I didn't have any brothers or sisters, so I did a lot of stuff where I entertained myself playing games, reading a lot, a lot of fantasy novel stuff.''' ,'''When the sun shines in Britain there's no finer place on Earth.''' ,'''Comedy should be fluid. It should be both Left and Right wing.''' ,'''Riding a horse and using a phone camera is tricky but if you don't take pictures or record the moment, you lose it. You want to have a record of it.''' ,'''Comedy can be quite all consuming at times, and if you're not careful you end up doing a tour, then a DVD, then another tour then a DVD. Suddenly the years have just flown by.''' ,'''Family helps you make clearer choices about things. Your priorities become clearer. Your obligations become clearer, and that is something I welcome.''' ,'''I'm one for new things: I like new technology, I like new music, I'm not entrenched in some view of what culture should be. I like the fact that it's constantly changing and that language is changing, that behaviour changes.''' ,'''When you're a birder, you have all sorts of reference books, and you know about migratory patterns and technical stuff. Most people just look out the window, and say 'is that a pigeon?'''' ,'''I was always part of the end-of-term review at school. We would mercilessly mock any slight weakness in the teachers.''' ,'''You have to go to Scotland at all times of the year - in order to appreciate the times when the sun does come out.''' ,'''In a way, I wish none of it had ever happened - Facebook, Twitter - if it had never happened the world would have just carried on serenely. It's utterly redundant and yet we all have to be involved in it somehow.''' ,'''If I'm a national treasure, does that mean I'm like the Elgin Marbles and will get repatriated at some point?''' ,'''The two worst enemies of comedy are lack of sleep and not having had a decent meal.''' ,'''I grew up in a little town between Bath and Bristol with my parents and grandparents in the same house. It was rural and idyllic.''' ,'''At school, I was bored with the teachers, and there were moments where I felt they were singling me out.''' ,'''People are obsessed by how I look.''' ,'''If you become famous but haven't actually achieved anything, then your life has no real meaning - unless you're spectacularly shallow.''' ,'''I don't like labels. I have always fought against that as a stand-up.''' ,'''Some musicians are a bit humourless about their art: they lose sight of the fact that as well as exercising their muse, they're there to entertain.''' ,'''There is something very poignant about plastic bags. These lonely plastic bags that gradually disintegrate.''' ,'''I don't think any comic could say there isn't a bit of them that doesn't want to show off.''' ,'''I play the piano and that's how I learned about music. I then taught myself the guitar, drums, percussion and various other things, such as the bazooka, the mandolin, the Theremin, the alpine horn, the didgeridoo.''' ,'''Paddle boarding: it's the closest you get to walking on water.''' ,'''I was asked to perform at the Olympics Opening Ceremony. But I was up a tree in Borneo filming a documentary about Alfred Russel Wallace! So it couldn't be done.''' ,'''I think people are quite refreshed with politicians who aren't concerned with what Arctic Monkeys track they like, but with the day-to-day, dull business of politics.''' ,'''One of the things I do really appreciate is that my audiences tend to be a wide range of ages and backgrounds, and I ascribe that to putting in the hours.''' ,'''All kinds of things have gone into my shows - cajun and rock bands, Bollywood, Kraftwerk tributes, effects and so on. As long as it services the comedy, everything is up for grabs.''' ,'''I prefer the simple things and I love walking in the countryside, or going camping... but simplicity is hard. It's easier to over-complicate things.''' ,'''We live in the age of entitlement, as opposed to enlightenment.''' ,'''The Lib Dems are such terrible ditherers.''' ,'''If you really push yourself you can perhaps achieve something you didn't think you could.''' ,'''Comedy is an indoors thing, so I take every opportunity to go outside. A lot of that involves finding places that are remote, or places where you can look at birds, or do mountain biking or paddle boarding or walking.''' ,'''Doing comedy around the world is a way of finding out how people tick.''' ,'''I was asked to do an ad campaign for a supermarket once. I was baffled. It's strange when you realise your popularity or reputation is a marketable commodity; it's a stock, a currency.''' ,'''As a comedian and satirist you have to be neutral, because everyone's fair game. Once you show bias, you lose that.''' ,'''My earliest memory is feeling soil between my fingers when I was around three years old.''' ,'''Normally, with stand-up, it's quite solitary, you write the material on your own, you perform it on your own, it's all very much on you. Your own thoughts. You have to sort of modulate your own performance.''' ,'''Fatherhood made everything more straightforward. I was relieved that no longer did I have to agonise over what meaning I had in my life.''' ,'''In 1994 I was doing a two-hander with Sean Lock in Edinburgh and there were more people in the cast than the audience. It was pretty grim, quite a chastening experience.''' ,'''Having a break from comedy is quite good.''' ,'''I realised that the 'future' is different to how I imagined it. When I was a kid I thought it would be a bright, shiny Tomorrow's World. It isn't.''' ,'''I discovered I'm 60 per cent Viking. Well, more Danish, I suppose. I'm also two-and-a-half per cent Neanderthal.''' ,'''We are almost in a time beyond jokes, beyond satire. When the Trump era is called the 'post-truth' period, then this is the greatest joke of all, albeit quite depressing.''' ,'''I had this plan that David Byrne was going to come through the West Country one day, think, 'Who's that guy?' and ask me to go on tour with them.''' ,'''It's a lovely moment when everyone's part of something greater than the sum of its parts. That encapsulates what a comedy gig should be, with the comic as the lightning rod, the Norse mischief god, getting the audience to do something they wouldn't necessarily do.''' ,'''I'm an omnivore, although I am trying to eat less meat. I went vegetarian for about two years, then I suddenly got a craving one morning and that was it.''' ,]
+++