+++
author = "Portia Doubleday"
title = "Portia Doubleday Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Portia Doubleday Quotes"
keywords = "portia doubleday,portia doubleday quotes,portia doubleday quote,portia doubleday sayings,portia doubleday saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was 18 years old when I booked 'Youth in Revolt,' and it was my first movie, and I was starring in that movie - and even then, I didn't feel like I had made it.''' ,'''I guess rebelliousness has been explored in many movies, but what about the smart kids' rebellion? Not just the motorcycle jackets and that kind of rebellion; it's the dorky kid - what could he do?''' ,'''Growing up I did commercials and things like that, but nothing serious. As I got older, my family is really hardcore into academics. They weren't wanting to necessarily support an acting career; it's a really fickle business, and it can be difficult and unstable. They were rooting for education and the whole nine yards.''' ,'''The honest truth is - and I have felt this way forever - is my largest competitor is myself. Always. I am intimidated by my own hang-ups about acting more so than anything, any part, any director.''' ,'''I don't understand what's happening in 'Mr. Robot' all the time, and I'm really actually intimated for the second season. I'll have to rewatch the first season, I think.''' ,'''I'm more androgynous, because men are supposed to be more spatial, women more literal - I'm a tomboy.''' ,'''If I could play football, I'd play football. But not women's football - real football. Or I'd just date a quarterback.''' ,'''I come from an artistic family. My dad's an actor, my mother's an actress, my sister's an actress. So I kind of grew up in that kind of environment. Oddly enough, I never really knew about my parents' work. I've seen small clips of it, but we never actually spoke about the business.''' ,'''I played soccer for 12 years on three different teams at a time.''' ,'''In my heart and soul, I always knew that I wanted to be in show business.''' ,'''My sister basically showed me how to be a person for many years of my life. I just didn't really fit anywhere, and my sister was always really comfortable in who she was.''' ,'''I've always had a more spatial mind, mathematical, than literal.''' ,]
+++