+++
author = "Rosa Salazar"
title = "Rosa Salazar Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Rosa Salazar Quotes"
keywords = "rosa salazar,rosa salazar quotes,rosa salazar quote,rosa salazar sayings,rosa salazar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't like the five-person group dynamic. I just never have. It doesn't make sense to me that six people would just sit in a circle and say, 'Now I want approval,' 'Now I want approval,' 'Now I want approval.' 'I have something funny to say,' 'No, I have something funny to say, me!' It's hard to make plans.''' ,'''I'm sort of a hermit.''' ,'''I can fall asleep on a dime.''' ,'''In my entire life, I have ten people that are the closest people to me. They're my family, and I really don't mesh worlds that often.''' ,'''I'm not an intensely mystical person. I don't do numerology. I'm a Cancer, but that's as far as I go.''' ,'''I am not a clique-y person.''' ,'''I was that kid who was always practicing crying or falling asleep or being angry or being excited. I was that weirdo in my room making faces.''' ,'''Everything was an escape for me when I was younger. I had a tumultuous home life thanks to the unsavoury characters my mom would marry. My brother just sort of evaded, and my dad lived far away, so I was left alone.''' ,'''I was emancipated at 15. I went to school and had a full-time job and apartment, and ever since, I've been on my own, parenting myself.''' ,'''I was just that kid in the family that you put on the table and watch it dance around, and you're like, 'Oh, look at that hyper kid!'''' ,'''I'm actually doing more stunts for 'Maze Runner' than I did for 'Insurgent.'''' ,'''I wear American Apparel jeans every day of my life.''' ,'''I like very minimal stuff. I'm a tomboy at heart - and in body!''' ,'''Obviously, I love acting.''' ,'''I'm sort of narcoleptic.''' ,'''I told myself when I was broke and homeless that my biggest goal was just to have a house. That goal was achieved. I'm just really, really lucky.''' ,]
+++