+++
author = "Callie Thorne"
title = "Callie Thorne Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Callie Thorne Quotes"
keywords = "callie thorne,callie thorne quotes,callie thorne quote,callie thorne sayings,callie thorne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Even though the third season of 'Necessary Roughness' was only ten episodes, they were an extremely intense bunch of episodes, especially toward the finale.''' ,'''So, it's like: I'm an OK singer; I'm an OK guitar player and you put them together and... it's just OK.''' ,'''The last season of 'Rescue Me' is going to be very sort of half and half: it's how you think 'Rescue Me' would end versus something very outside the box. And, they do it in this sort of perfect way - it's only nine episodes, you know. Very stream-lined.''' ,'''I would love do a guest spot on 'Castle' because Nathan Fillion is so dreamy, and he and I are friends. And I think we could have a lot of fun.''' ,'''I think that in any role you have, whether TV or film, it's hard to do comedy and drama within one story.''' ,'''Whatever God or whatever higher power you believe in, they brought us to this earth in a perfect way, and you have to learn to love yourself. Otherwise, it's an exhausting way to be.''' ,'''I've been watching 'Californication' since the pilot aired and had always thought that it would be so much fun to guest star on.''' ,'''I would kill to be on 'Dexter,' and I would double kill to be on 'True Blood.' I would pay them to let me come be a vampire or a vampire victim. No joke!''' ,'''I sang a lot in college - I was in a choral group in college. But, then, when I moved to New York, I really just concentrated on acting.''' ,'''The thing I most connect with is the idea of not giving up. And that's a thing I have in my own life. You have to trust your instincts and keep trying.''' ,'''I suffer from an amazing amount of insecurities, and I'm grateful that my body image, it's normally not something I pay attention to.''' ,'''I do not know a lot about football. I guess I'm a Patriots fan because I'm from Boston? But I'm getting to know a lot more about it, and I'm finding it fascinating.''' ,]
+++