+++
author = "Bree Runway"
title = "Bree Runway Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Bree Runway Quotes"
keywords = "bree runway,bree runway quotes,bree runway quote,bree runway sayings,bree runway saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I wanted a job at Christian Louboutin, I literally printed the entrance of the store I wanted to work at on my wall and looked at it in the morning before I got up and went to work at Children's Shoes.''' ,'''I think I'm naturally very much a comedian.''' ,'''I can make music out of anything. Even that phone ringing, I could sample that. I grew up listening to Missy, Britney, Kelis, Lil Kim, Grace Jones, all the eccentric, out-there women. And men like Freddie Mercury, David Bowie. Those are my peopledem.''' ,'''In school I was interested in music, but I never saw myself being a musician at that point. Music technology was the only subject I cared about: it taught me the basics of music production and I started making beats and freestyling with my friends.''' ,'''Sometimes I really believe in something and I'll always take it up to God... cuz I always meet God halfway.''' ,'''Certain people don't want you to see your light when you're a bit shaky in it yourself.''' ,'''I just don't care about what anyone thinks of me.''' ,'''When I'm shooting a music video, when we're midway through the day, I need everyone to be quiet while we're getting ready for the next scenes. That's really important for me to be able to keep my head in the game.''' ,'''My dad was a drummer and would always have music on around the house.''' ,'''I'm just inspired by how fast-paced my life is. Being around people that I love who are cool and inspiring, that kind of feeds me, but being in lockdown and in the same four walls, you kind of have to bring yourself your own vibes.''' ,'''It's natural for me to step into the studio and come out with a country, rock, or trap song. I'd feel pressured if I was focused on making songs that gave me high streams or something, but I don't think about those kinds of things.''' ,'''Throughout my journey, I just want to continue to showcase the different sides of me. Everything I do is easy if I have that logic.''' ,'''I always prioritize dark-skinned women when I'm casting my music videos. I just believe that we deserve to be front and center. I never like to make the girls I choose look like backup.''' ,'''I definitely want to put together an amazing debut album with some really dreamy collaborations.''' ,'''I saw so many crazy things growing up. I've seen friends go to jail and come out, and now they're thriving. So it's made me really resilient.''' ,'''Feel the fear, and do it anyway. That's the mentality. Even if you're scared, just do it.''' ,'''I'm from Ghana and I grew up in Hackney around a lot of aunties which exposed me to beauty and skin stuff.''' ,'''Bullying about my skin tone probably started at nine years old and it was actually by the lighter-skinned black girls at school.''' ,'''When I was younger, I used to buy foundations that were a shade lighter. Looking back at pictures I looked really stupid and now I don't like it when someone who is doing my make-up uses too much light stuff to contour my face.''' ,'''Black women in music are always expected to sing R&B or soul: we are always boxed in.''' ,'''I don't like when people say I'm the next this person or whatever. I feel like I'm very much my own person.''' ,'''I feel like what you tell yourself after the words 'I am...' is so important. I'm very careful with the words I use about myself.''' ,'''My dancing is definitely influenced by African house parties that loosen me up over the years when I was eight years old. Just trying to mimic my Aunties and I kind of learned the flow from there.''' ,'''There's this black and green hair style I did one time. And it was literally inspired by my neighbor taking out their green recycling bins in a black outfit. I just loved the color combination, and I was like, Oh, I want black and green hair now.''' ,'''I dream beyond my postcode.''' ,'''To me, collaborating with other women is almost like when you meet a girl in the bathroom and scream about how much you love each other's hair. Everyone's sound is so different, which creates something special when you mix it together.''' ,'''I always want black girls to feel confident in who they are, and in their skin.''' ,'''After being signed I bought Invisalign and Louis Vuitton Archlight trainers. I remember not being able to believe that I was able to spend that much money on trainers, but they were a present to myself and I still have them.''' ,'''I'm so grateful to be Ghanaian, with this deep, deep skin that is just glowy. Light bounces off my cheekbones and my shoulders, no matter the season.''' ,'''I just have such a passion for artistic luxury items. I literally sometimes scream when it comes through the post for me.''' ,'''I just feel like you've got to leave the viewer wanting more, and that's what those kinds of videos from the early 2000s made me want.''' ,'''In the UK, everyone's quite conservative. No-one wants to look like a fan.''' ,'''Without sounding cocky, Freddie Mercury does remind me of me.''' ,'''Even on social media, I'll post something creative or different and someone from the UK will comment on something insignificant like my outfit. It's such a problem over here, people can be very rude and judgemental.''' ,'''I was always passionate about music since I was super young.''' ,'''You got to do the natural and God will do the super, you know, and when it comes together and it's always beautiful. You just have to have faith and back it with hard work and happen.''' ,'''I go to Harrod's to get my makeup. I'm a few-dots-of-concealer-lip-gloss-good-to-go kind of girl.''' ,'''Sometimes people are scared of standing out too much. I don't feel like that, though.''' ,'''With my existence and with my music I'm saying, even though we're not supposed to, here I am doing it and doing it well. I want people to feel like when they listen to me, they can forget all the rules.''' ,'''I was exposed to Grace Jones and highlife music at a young age. I would sing along and as I grew up, music was the only thing that felt like a safe haven for me.''' ,'''I try to study a genre I don't really listen to on a day-to-day-basis because there is honestly inspiration everywhere: it's best to go digging in places you don't normally go.''' ,'''I would love to act in movies because I'm such a great actress.''' ,'''I never want the girls I work with to feel like back-up. The world doesn't make us feel like stars all the time, so in my world, you're gonna look like a star and feel incredible.''' ,'''I think it's so fun that my art isn't centered in one sound or rooted in one lane or whatever. It's just the Bree lane.''' ,'''I was so shy to be seen online that I'd always cover my face with my phone. I wanted you to see me but I didn't really want to be seen.''' ,]
+++