+++
author = "Nonito Donaire"
title = "Nonito Donaire Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Nonito Donaire Quotes"
keywords = "nonito donaire,nonito donaire quotes,nonito donaire quote,nonito donaire sayings,nonito donaire saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As long as I have that support from my team, and I have that confidence in myself that I train really hard, I think there's no one out there who can defeat me in my weight class.''' ,'''The motivation is in my heart to work toward my goals and my dreams.''' ,'''I liked Roy Jones, Sugar Ray Leonard, Ali... those were the guys I was looking at growing up.''' ,'''For punches I never really choose, I take whatever opportunity is given to me. If it's a left, I'll take it. If it's a right I'll take it.''' ,'''Everything in our family was always boxing. It was the life my father chose for me.''' ,'''As a boxer, you have to put risk in to get to another level.''' ,'''If there's a best, I want to fight them.''' ,'''A lot of guys just punch with their arms; they don't utilize every part of their muscles they can use. I know how to use that, and that's where the power comes in.''' ,'''I was always scared in the amateurs, but the minute I got in the ring it was like another person took over. I become more vicious. In there I love to hurt people. Outside I can't hurt a bug.''' ,'''All I know is that I'm proud to be Filipino.''' ,'''I was 11 when I started boxing. My brother was fighting before I did, and he got me into it.''' ,'''Even the other kids who people made fun of made fun of me. That's where I stood on the school food chain.''' ,'''I love my wife.''' ,'''With me, boxing's a beautiful sport.''' ,'''The best feeling is to win by knockout.''' ,'''I have a lot of respect for Mexico.''' ,'''I was always into cartoons and animation.''' ,'''In school I was pretty fast.''' ,'''People call me a nerd because I like to spend time on the computer.''' ,'''My Internet friends who I play games with say, 'This guy's a fighter?' I'm the last person they expect to be a fighter.''' ,'''Moving up and fighting the best keeps me hungry.''' ,'''I'm not into being competitive. I never saw myself as a competitive type of person.''' ,'''Usually, sprinting is my main source of energy and recovery time because that's how I move.''' ,'''Being a world champion is something I'm already proud of and can take for the rest of my life.''' ,'''Growing up as an amateur, I wasn't much of a power puncher. I was more of a speed guy.''' ,]
+++