+++
author = "Tommy Morrison"
title = "Tommy Morrison Quotes"
quotes_len = "86"
description = "the best 86 Tommy Morrison Quotes"
keywords = "tommy morrison,tommy morrison quotes,tommy morrison quote,tommy morrison sayings,tommy morrison saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Ever since I was a kid, I've been confident of coming out on top in a brawl, but the ring is a lot different from a bar. That's been my problem.''' ,'''As a white fighter, you get twice as much criticism.''' ,'''Something that comes along with age causes you to simmer a bit.''' ,'''People need to cut me a break.''' ,'''I'll trust an attorney before I'll trust a doctor.''' ,'''I've had a lot of people tell me I'm faster than Tyson.''' ,'''I just want to fight the world. Fight the system. Fight everybody.''' ,'''I've got the most complex - my life isn't boring. It never has been.''' ,'''I saw a chance to make the 1988 Olympic boxing team and forgot all about football.''' ,'''It's a big move from the 'Tough Man' circuit to professional boxing. When I turned pro, I had to play catch-up and was fighting almost twice a month until I had more than 20 fights under my belt.''' ,'''I like fighting people that scare me a little bit. People that scare me seem to motivate me, and when you motivate me, you get the best performance out of me.''' ,'''I realize that there's a whole generation of kids out there like me who are totally disregarding the moral values taught to us by our parents.''' ,'''You can sit there and worry yourself sick if you're a mentally weak person.''' ,'''I'm happy in Oklahoma. It's closer to family. Nobody expects anything of you there.''' ,'''The rug was yanked out from under my feet by a misdiagnosis. All I want to do is fight.''' ,'''I will lay down and die before I take any drugs.''' ,'''I remember talking to Magic the day I announced I had HIV. He was preaching, 'Do what your doctor tells you.' Well, I didn't have a doctor then, so I got down on my knees, and I prayed.''' ,'''I'm a white guy in a black sport. I really forget about it until someone asks me about it. I'm simply competing in a sport that I love.''' ,'''I thought I had the potential to be a better fighter than I'd ever be a football player. Besides, it was something my father always wanted me to do. He told me since I was a little kid I was a born fighter.''' ,'''I have had a couple of situations where I wasn't the strongest person in the world.''' ,'''When I lost to Ray Mercer, I was young. I deserved to lose that fight because I hadn't learned how to cover all the angles in preparation. I was immature.''' ,'''I cut my hand swimming in the Caribbean, it gets infected, and Channel 9 is calling me saying they heard rumors I cut my fingers off.''' ,'''I could always fight overseas, but who wants to do that? They'd really have to make it worth my while.''' ,'''I don't believe in past lifetimes, but if there was one, I had to be a gladiator.''' ,'''Boy, I wouldn't want to live in L.A.''' ,'''I thought I was bulletproof, and I'm not.''' ,'''There's a family tradition of fighting in the Kansas City Golden Gloves. My older brother, Tim, did, and so did my father's two youngest brothers, Trent and Troy. They all won the Golden Gloves. So when my mother asked me to keep the tradition going, I did.''' ,'''In the heavyweight division, you can't afford to make a mistake.''' ,'''I just turned 27 years old, and there are mornings where my knees and ankles really hurt. I hurt all over. I would hate to be me when I'm 35 years old. I'll be a basket case, but I will have a lot of memories.''' ,'''I've seen God work in my life, and I know what he's capable of, and I know what he does for his people that love him.''' ,'''I just want to pursue my dream. That is to fight. That is what God put me here to do. He didn't put me here to be a doctor or a lawyer. He put me here to fight.''' ,'''I couldn't fart in an elevator without people wanting to sue me.''' ,'''Very few fighters get a chance to come back.''' ,'''HIV changed my life, but I think I've accepted it. I don't even think about it unless someone brings it up.''' ,'''I've fought tactical fights in a gym, but never in a fight before.''' ,'''I am not a big fan of Mike Tyson. I almost idolized him for what he did in the ring - he was such a great fighter. But his behavior out of the ring... he needed to realize he was in the public eye, and there is a responsibility.''' ,'''The fact that there's never been a single documented case in the history of this planet of anyone ever contracting HIV in the ring seems to me like a leg perfectly strong enough to stand on in terms of a lawsuit.''' ,'''There's nothing more intimidating than crawling into a ring.''' ,'''I was the first player at Jay to play four years varsity. As a frosh, I was a punter. From my soph through senior years, I started as a linebacker and tight end and was all-state as a senior.''' ,'''You don't knock Ray Mercer out with one or two shots. You have to make him quit.''' ,'''It took me awhile to learn the public eye was on me.''' ,'''With my style, training is very rigorous. You're toe-to-toe, getting beat on six days a week for five or six weeks leading to a fight. There's no fun, no glamour.''' ,'''I didn't have the greatest equipment or the greatest facilities. I would see people with new shoes and better cars. I knew what I wanted and what I had to do to get what I wanted. I became a very Spartan person at a young age because of that.''' ,'''I was one of the most popular fighters of my era.''' ,'''When I was 19, my heart wasn't in it. I hated training.''' ,'''God, it's good to come home. No matter what you achieve, you come home, and everything is normal.''' ,'''I didn't live in L.A. I lived in Oklahoma, and I liked to do normal things with normal people.''' ,'''People think I'm crazy, and it's been written in the papers that I'm off my rocker.''' ,'''I'll tell you this: Tommy Morrison has a tattoo of Elvis Presley on his butt, he likes to hunt and fish, and his favorite movie is 'GoodFellas.'''' ,'''Talk about the area of overcoming adversity, sucking it up, I rate myself a 10.''' ,'''I hate being around boxing people. I'd rather be back in the gym.''' ,'''I've got plenty of contacts in Hollywood.''' ,'''If I was black or Hispanic, I wouldn't get any criticism. Because I'm white, people expect so much more out of me. That's a little unfair, but life isn't fair.''' ,'''I would welcome a Mike Tyson fight with open arms.''' ,'''HIV's never been proven to cause AIDS. HIV ain't ever killed anybody.''' ,'''I knew the HIV virus was something anyone could get but also believed the chances were very slim... I honestly believed I had a better chance of winning the lottery than contracting this disease. I have never been so wrong in my life.''' ,'''Friendships can go only so far.''' ,'''I don't ever think in terms of losing. That's not even a possibility. I've been beaten once, and I don't ever want to experience that again.''' ,'''People don't like to see a sloppy fight, to see heavyweights wallow around. They like to see exciting fighters.''' ,'''My life has been very much a roller coaster ride. Not just the boxing part, not just the acting part, just my childhood, what I was into at a young age and the things I was exposed to, it's just very abnormal.''' ,'''If I met a girl, I'd tell her straight up, 'I might run into someone else I want to go out with; don't be offended.' Was that acceptable to them? It had to be. There were enough girls. They were expendable.''' ,'''The heavyweight division needs me.''' ,'''To all my young fans out there, I ask that you no longer consider me a role model. See me as an individual who had the opportunity to be a role model but blew it. Blew it with irresponsible, irrational, immature decisions.''' ,'''I don't think I have HIV. I don't think that I ever had HIV. I think I had hepatitis. I got rid of the hepatitis, and since then, every single time I have tested for HIV, it has been negative. The original test was a false positive.''' ,'''I've made a lot of mistakes in my life.''' ,'''I know one thing: Ray Mercer is not going down from a head punch. I think he's got one of the best chins in the game.''' ,'''The one thing that made me somewhat of an animal is I didn't have anything growing up.''' ,'''Ray Mercer has the heart of a lion and a great chin.''' ,'''I never - I mean, I never saw any doctor's report saying I was HIV positive. I never had a doctor explain to me and show me what was going on.''' ,'''I would walk into a room, and people would be like, 'Hide the children. Here comes the guy with AIDS.' That's very demeaning, and it really hurts your spirit.''' ,'''I have a bad habit of fighting to the level of my competition.''' ,'''The rush you get from competing in front of the whole world, there's nothing like it.''' ,'''I'm going to bring the championship home to Kansas City.''' ,'''People watch me... whatever I do, wherever I go.''' ,'''I've always been painted as this party animal.''' ,'''Everyone wants to see the heavyweight division unified. It'll happen.''' ,'''I boxed until I got interested in other things. My first car. Girls.''' ,'''The mind is a very strong thing.''' ,'''My life out of the ring caught up with me.''' ,'''I'm guilty of reverse discrimination. I'm white, and people don't think that white fighters are any good.''' ,'''Boxing is a family tradition. The last five generations down to my dad have been fighters.''' ,'''The 'Tough Man' contests were for 21-year-olds, but I weighed 150 pounds at 13, so I got a fake ID card and entered. My dad and uncles had given me an edge, so having a boxing background made it easier because a lot of the older guys didn't know how to fight.''' ,'''I lived a permissive, fast, and reckless lifestyle. I hope I can serve as a warning that living this lifestyle can really lead to only one thing, and that's misery.''' ,'''I think there's a lot of people out there who, if George Foreman had to get beat, I'm the one fighter they would like to see beat him.''' ,'''Everybody's looking at me expecting me to shrink up and die.''' ,'''People thought I was crazy for fighting Michael Bentt.''' ,]
+++