+++
author = "Bebe Zahara Benet"
title = "Bebe Zahara Benet Quotes"
quotes_len = "52"
description = "the best 52 Bebe Zahara Benet Quotes"
keywords = "bebe zahara benet,bebe zahara benet quotes,bebe zahara benet quote,bebe zahara benet sayings,bebe zahara benet saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always wanted people to feel great about themselves, for people to know how special they are and really love themselves and accept themselves and celebrate themselves.''' ,'''Drag Race' is a competition.''' ,'''I think it's important as artists to always keep creating and always have stuff in the archive because you never know when you will need them. I'm that kind of artist. I always plan.''' ,'''There is something about the art form and about drag entertainers that is very uplifting.''' ,'''To me, Jungle Kitty is a frame of mind where you don't apologize for who you are. You're very ferocious, you're a free spirit, you're outgoing. You don't conform to labels. It's really that side of me... she's so regal and she's so royal.''' ,'''I think that I've always represented self-empowerment, you being your best cheerleader, you always affirming yourself. I've always been about empowering people. It sounds very cliche in a way, but it's not.''' ,'''A lot of my fans and supporters have been asking for an album.''' ,'''For so many years women have reached out to drag entertainers asking for help or advice with their style, makeup or they just want to be our friends.''' ,'''We get inspired and we learn new things.''' ,'''I don't have anything to prove because I've already validated myself and my work speaks for itself.''' ,'''Everybody deserves to showcase their different talents and there's always somebody new you can tap into.''' ,'''VANITY' is a celebration of beauty, self-identity, and self-respect. We want people to leave the show feeling okay to accept themselves - not to hold back and be ashamed of the extravagances they like to indulge in. We should be able to celebrate these things because they are part of living and we all strive for them.''' ,'''I'm very excited to be able to take the Jungle Kitty experience to different places and travel with it and meet all the different jungle kitties out there.''' ,'''The worst frame of mind to be in is what the fans like or what the fans want, because then you lose the authenticity of who you are as an artist and who you are as a person.''' ,'''You don't gotta let the girls know you're sweating, honey.''' ,'''I think that people are taking our artistry a little more serious compared to when we started. They are of course fascinated and entertained by who we are as performers and what we do in terms of our artistry, but a lot of viewers identify with us as human beings. I think that that has helped change how people view drag.''' ,'''I try to keep a balanced diet, but I always leave room for dessert.''' ,'''I had always wanted to do a show of girls of color, a show that showcased diversity.''' ,'''I'm a nurturer by nature!''' ,'''Prior to the online platform, I had to make sure I go around and have conversations and go to schools and make appearances. But now with online presence, I try to put out videos and different posts every day. I try to inspire.''' ,'''You have to the good and you have to take the bad. I don't take the bad. I only take the good.''' ,'''I feel that my winning 'RuPaul's Drag Race' and also being all the way from Africa gave people the audacity to just be themselves, all while encouraging and inspiring many people back home.''' ,'''I feel like when you call us drag queens, it stereotypes us. It puts us as labels and I feel like we are performers.''' ,'''On stage, we embrace every ounce of ourselves, we celebrate who we are, we are honest and live our truth - and we inspire people to do the same.''' ,'''Seasoned queens can also learn new tricks, right?''' ,'''It's very important that when we have platforms like 'Drag Race,' we use them to really unite forces.''' ,'''I always keep my word.''' ,'''I hope I don't come off as being cocky.''' ,'''Lady Gaga, Beyonce, Rihanna, all of these artists that we do love - you see so much of what we do, the personas, makeup, hair, fashion - like, all of is now incorporated in pop culture, and a lot of it has to do with drag, because we over-exaggerate everything, right? We take it out to the next level.''' ,'''I respect myself. I have very high expectations for myself.''' ,'''I go into the kitchen and cook with music on or go for walks around my neighborhood when I feel the most overwhelmed.''' ,'''You know, many people do not know that I am so immersed when it comes to music. I have such a huge knowledge of music. I like my songs, I like my melodies, my harmonies, you know.''' ,'''People sometimes think that drag queens are always really confident and fearless because we transform ourselves into these beautiful creatures, and they believe that it's how we live our everyday lives.''' ,'''I don't get intimidated, you know. Because I feel like when you get intimidated, you become nervous, and then you turn to fear.''' ,'''I like to compete with the best.''' ,'''I do represent a different aesthetic to drag, I have a different point of view with everything.''' ,'''People always ask me, how did you grow up to be so confident? I tell them, I always look in the mirror and say I belong, you are so beautiful and you are meant to be here.''' ,'''I don't let the fans rule my world and rule what I do, or how I do it, because as artists we give what we give and you receive how you want to receive.''' ,'''Anybody who has been following me right from the get-go, even prior to being on 'Drag Race,' has known that my platform has always been about spreading love and spreading light and celebrating identity. It's always been very positive because I feel like we need that.''' ,'''People love culture and authenticity.''' ,'''The first thing I do when I get up is pray and meditate to center myself for the day ahead. I ask for inspiration in my creative endeavors, guidance in my relationships and patience in my journey. It's a great way to get focused for the day.''' ,'''Jungle Kitty is one of the colors of my persona that allows me to be free, allows to be untamed, allows me to have fun and let loose and be ferocious, raw, unapologetic, and carefree.''' ,'''I have a motherly instinct and I'm always trying to give therapy.''' ,'''I might not the best seamstress, I might not know how to sew, but I know how to make a garment look like a million dollars.''' ,'''Of course, Jungle Kitty got really famous when I was doing it on 'All Stars 3.' I was just writing the song, and the words came out - that was the state of mind i was in.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I come from a culture and an upbringing where you create your own path. There is no seat at the table for you? You create your own opportunity.''' ,'''There are a lot of BeBe Zahara Benets in Africa. It's important that our continent can move forward, and respect diversity.''' ,'''I love rewatching 'Real Housewives of Atlanta' episodes, 'Project Runway,' 'Making the Cut' and other fun shows. If there's fashion and/or drama involved, I'll give it a watch. And of course I've got to watch my show 'Dragnificent' on TLC!''' ,'''When I started performing, there wasn't Facebook and Social Media was not huge as it is now.''' ,'''Dressing up like a woman does not make me less of a man.''' ,'''I feel like I am just an entertainer. It does not matter what form I take to perform and entertain. I think I deserve being called a performer because you don't call Tyler Perry a drag queen. You don't call Will Smith a drag queen and all the other mainstream artists who use the aesthetic of drag to entertain.''' ,'''Generally speaking, the term, 'vanity,' itself can be perceived as negative, superficial and egotistical, but I see it as being unapologetic for celebrating other sides of my artistry.''' ,]
+++