+++
author = "Celeste Ng"
title = "Celeste Ng Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Celeste Ng Quotes"
keywords = "celeste ng,celeste ng quotes,celeste ng quote,celeste ng sayings,celeste ng saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's a great joy in writing about a place you know very well, but there's also a lot of responsibility in trying to be accurate. It's a lot like writing about a relative: you can see both their strengths and their shortcomings, and even as you want to be honest, you want people to see the good that's there as well.''' ,'''There's this sense that whiteness is the default and does not need to be questioned. That you've got a race if you're black, or any kind of Asian, or any kind of Native American, but that you have no race if you are white.''' ,'''I'm very much a people pleaser, and the first book had such a devoted and loving following.''' ,'''I did a lot of weird jobs, like most writers do.''' ,'''With the first novel, I had to tell myself, 'No one is ever going to read it, so you might as well just write it.' With the second, I was pretty sure someone was going to read it.''' ,'''Before my son was even born, he already had two shelves of books.''' ,'''Spend enough time wrangling a toddler, and you get good at being kind but firm. Like your child, you must be doggedly single-minded when it matters.''' ,'''Now that I have a child of my own, I'm in awe of - and deeply grateful for - the time my parents spent in taking me to bookstores.''' ,'''I was freelance proof-reading, freelance editing, creating illustrated slides for doctors' presentations - just so I'd have enough money to take the time to write. That's how I got by.''' ,'''Can fiction teach us? Absolutely. Fiction has the power to illustrate place, era, and atmosphere in vivid detail. But it is not Anthropology for Dummies.''' ,'''In the case of 'Everything I Never Told You,' my goal was to make the experiences of a family that had always felt marginalised feel accessible and understandable even to people who'd never been in that situation.''' ,'''No reader wants to sit through the same scene four times in a row, unless they're radically different.''' ,'''Rebecca Solnit is a clarion voice of reason.''' ,'''My mother is deeply pragmatic by nature. Perhaps you had to be, as an immigrant. You made do.''' ,'''Books by women, people of color, LGBTQ authors, differently abled people, and non-Americans are a great way of broadening horizons and building empathy.''' ,'''I think I'm good at metaphors and descriptions. Plot doesn't come naturally to me, so I work really hard at it.''' ,'''As a historically voracious reader - pre-baby, I averaged a book every week or two, and when I was a kid, I'd routinely read a book a day - I never understood how some people could not read. When I heard people say they didn't have time to read, in my head, I simultaneously pitied and ridiculed them: there was always time to read.''' ,'''If you see harassment happening, speak up. Being harassed is terrible; having bystanders pretend they don't notice is infinitely worse.''' ,'''Debut novels are difficult because nobody knows you... they just don't find a huge audience, because that's how the market works.''' ,'''I keep a writer's notebook and also put all my daily schedules and to-do lists in it.''' ,'''It's incredibly rewarding to have people come up to me at readings and say, 'I'm not Chinese, but this is the relationship I have with my mother.' Or say, 'Your book made me think a lot about my parents, and I've decided to sign up for counseling.' That is mind-boggling.''' ,'''In 2011, I didn't read a single book.''' ,'''With the first novel, I was concerned I would be pigeon-holed as an Asian-American writer, and the book would be labeled for Asian-Americans only.''' ,'''Local politics is just as important as national - and often easier to influence.''' ,'''Gore isn't required for a good story, but adversity is.''' ,'''Let's stop reflexively comparing Chinese writers to Chinese writers, Indian writers to Indian writers, black writers to black writers. Let's focus on the writing itself: the characters, the language, the narrative style.''' ,'''Narratively speaking, innocent misunderstandings are disappointing. Arbitrary events are also disappointing. The stories that really grab our attention involve not accidents but people doing things on purpose - to get things they desperately want.''' ,'''When my father finished his Ph.D., my mother went back for another bachelor's degree, this time in environmental science.''' ,'''Spend too much time alone with your own words, and your writing grows anemic, in dire need of a transfusion.''' ,'''I think, in the United States, we talk about race as a black and white issue... We're generally talking about it as if it's a binary equation whereas, in fact, there's more than two races and, in fact, those races blend together. There are a lot of different ways that people identify.''' ,'''Writing is like shouting into the world. So when someone shouts back, it's a really big deal. To have people who read hundreds and hundreds of books a year say, 'Hey, we thought this was really great,' that's a huge self-esteem boost.''' ,'''Short of the dishonest, the illegal, and the cruel, there's only one thing my son could do that would really disappoint me: not liking reading.''' ,'''My husband's parents were both English teachers for decades.''' ,'''If someone were to call me 'the next Amy Tan,' it would not be because - or not primarily because - we have similar themes or subjects or styles. Let's be honest: it would be because we are both Chinese American.''' ,'''I moved to Shaker Heights from Pittsburgh, PA, just before I turned 10.''' ,'''One of the things I like so much about 'Goodnight Moon' is the way it leaves room for ambiguity.''' ,'''My parents used books as bribes: if I got straight A's on my report card, they would buy me one book. This was completely unnecessary, as I always got A's, and they bought me books all the time anyway, and we all knew it.''' ,'''The competitions between fiction and nonfiction, short and long, electronic and paper, are not battles in which there can be only one victor. After all, we exist in a world where more kinds of writing than ever are greeted with interest and enthusiasm.''' ,'''What's the best way to ensure a supply of good books in the future? Support up-and-coming writers now.''' ,'''For the first three years of his life, my son insisted on hearing 'Goodnight Moon' before bedtime. Like most babies, he was not a good sleeper by disposition - but reading seemed to help, and this book specifically became part of his whole wind-down ritual.''' ,'''Honestly, if anyone reads my work, they're doing me a favor, so they get to use whatever words they want to describe it. I can't control that, nor if they like the work, so best not to even try.''' ,'''My mother ended up getting a Ph.D. of her own, in chemistry, and eventually became a tenured professor.''' ,'''I'm fascinated by the ways people under repressive regimes still manage to share information - and joy.''' ,'''My parents did give me a lot of books - biographies of Marie Curie - and I did read them, because I was interested.''' ,'''A love of reading shows empathy, the desire to understand how others live or act or might act - and why.''' ,'''I don't think I know a single person who's a minority who hasn't experienced some form of discrimination at one time or another.''' ,'''Stories work better when not everyone gets what they want.''' ,'''Of course, as a kid, I had no idea what was practical: I wanted to be a paleontologist, then an astronaut.''' ,'''I'm ashamed to admit that I very seldom read poetry, even though many of my friends are poets.''' ,'''I began using the #smallacts hashtag on Twitter shortly after the 2016 election as a way to resist. To resist the intolerance growing in our nation, to resist an upcoming administration that I believe threatens to pull us backward and strip rights from those already marginalized.''' ,'''Words are an imperfect medium for explaining.''' ,'''I think one of the reasons that I like fiction versus nonfiction is that I myself can kind of disappear from the story.''' ,'''As soon as I could write, I was writing stories.''' ,'''Even if Pearl S. Buck hadn't spent most of her life in China, she'd have every right to write about it.''' ,'''What you look for as a reader is somebody who is going to take you and say, 'C'mon. Come into the story. I'm going to show you what there is to see.' The guide who is going to tell you, 'Pay attention over there,' or, 'Do you remember that other thing? Now watch!'''' ,'''I have a bad habit of reading more than one book simultaneously!''' ,'''Taste is idiosyncratic, so I don't love everything people recommend me, and I don't love everything my friends love.''' ,'''My parents came to America in the late 1960s because my father studied for a Ph.D. in Indiana. My mother joined him later. We had ancestors who came over at the turn of the century. One worked in a laundry, as is typical of Chinese-American immigrants.''' ,'''Writers, most of them, don't have a lot of resources.''' ,'''The proliferation of styles, genres, and media need not be the death knell of anything. Instead, it's a sign that our acceptance for variation and experimentation has become wider, our interests have become more diverse, and our appetites have become more omnivorous.''' ,'''In fiction you're not often writing about the typical; you are interested in outliers, the points of interest. Part of it comes from feeling I was the only Asian or person of colour... another part comes from my personality: I'm an introvert, and my usual survival mode in a large group is to stand by a wall and watch everybody.''' ,'''I wrote 'Little Fires Everywhere' and sold the book in 2015, still the Obama years. The possibility of a Trump presidency was not on my radar.''' ,'''My mother wrote a teen column for the South China Morning Post in the 1950s when she was growing up in Hong Kong. Her name was Lily Mark, but she sometimes wrote under her confirmation name, Margaret Mark. That was how she met my father.''' ,'''I loved growing up in Shaker Heights, and I really miss it.''' ,'''In my own work, when I start off writing a scene, I don't know which physical details are going to turn out to be meaningful. But, inevitably, certain images will stand out - you start to decide which ones are important as you go.''' ,'''Every writer needs new material now and then, whether it's traveling to Japan, volunteering at a food bank, learning a new language, or trying a new food.''' ,'''I am not a contest-enterer by nature. But contests - and their entry fees - are often the main way literary journals raise money to, you know, publish their issues. So entering contests helps support the journal, which also helps support the writers they publish.''' ,'''Every single day, authors read at bookstores and libraries - and coffeeshops and bars - all over the country. And these readings are amazing: you get to hear the book in the author's own voice, ask questions, and meet the writer. For free.''' ,'''I wanted to write a book about people who have the best intentions and think - really, truly think - that they're doing the right thing. And then they realize that when those ideals come knocking at their windowsill, a lot of times they will suddenly disavow those ideals.''' ,'''My husband really treats my writing like it's a job - and he reminds me of that when I have those low moments where I think I should just quit and become a waitress.''' ,'''Buying new books supports the writer by providing both a royalty and an audience; a writer whose book sells well has a better chance of selling another.''' ,'''I lose pens a lot, so I don't use fancy ones.''' ,'''I have an interest in the outsider.''' ,'''It's easy to feel helpless - like you can't fight the tide. But remember: small actions can have a huge impact, and one person like you can inspire others to action.''' ,'''I really wanted to be a poet - until I realized that I really didn't have what it took to be a poet.''' ,'''Somewhere in the Commandments of Reviewing must be written, 'Thou shalt not compare Asians to non-Asians.'''' ,'''One of the most fun things for me, as a writer, is when readers ask questions like, 'Oh, I noticed that you have a lot of water and baptism imagery in your book. Did you do that on purpose?'''' ,'''For me, any story I tackle begins with the human relationships and not the plot.''' ,'''It's so easy, as a writer, to get stuck in your own head, to live in the little worlds you create. To forget that there are people out there reading your work, people who may be deeply affected by what you do, that you are writing not just for yourself, but for them.''' ,'''I play music on my phone to fall asleep when I'm on the road and as an alarm clock to wake me up, so I need it nearby - but there are never outlets by the bed in hotels!''' ,'''Growing up, I loved looking at the photos in my mother's old Betty Crocker cookbook: the chocolate cakes, the cookie house, even the cheese balls and fondues.''' ,'''Browse Amazon reviews, and you'll see a surprising number of readers who believe one novel can summarize a country, its culture, and its people.''' ,'''I'm really interested in how we understand each other - and whether we can understand each other.''' ,'''A good poem is an amazing thing: a perfectly distilled, articulate moment. It opens you up - sometimes slowly, like the blooming of a flower, and sometimes with a quick knife-slice.''' ,'''Writing, for me, is an extension of thinking - it's my way of processing, and only when I've gotten something down on the page have I thought through it fully.''' ,'''Whenever I travel, I seem to get sick - it's probably inevitable when you're on a plane every single day.''' ,'''When reading fiction, we cannot automatically assume that what we read is fact.''' ,'''We have to figure out why we see the world in different ways and then how are we going to adjust so that we can at least still understand each other.''' ,'''I don't think of myself as a mystery or thriller writer, honestly. I am in awe of mystery writers and don't think I have what it takes to write such a book.''' ,'''What I remember about race relations in the 1990s is that you showed your awareness by saying you didn't see race, that you were colour-blind.''' ,'''I am a first-generation Chinese-American; my husband is white. We have a little boy, so I think a lot about what it's like when people from different cultures and backgrounds start families, and how the world sees them. Most of my friends are in interracial relationships, and I just wonder what the world is going to look like for their children.''' ,'''As the Trump administration takes office - and we see acts of racism, misogyny, homophobia, and other forms of discrimination around the country - ask yourself, 'What's important to me? What do I care about? What have I benefitted from that I want to pay forward?' Then look for ways to spread help and hope.''' ,'''You may not be a fan of Twitter-fiction. That's okay. There are novels out there for you - big ones.''' ,'''Reading feeds writing: it presents you with new ideas to engage with.''' ,'''Comparing Asian writers mainly to other Asian writers implies that we're all telling the same story - a disappointingly reductive view.''' ,'''Short fiction and the novel, nonfiction and fiction, electronic texts and books - these are not opposites. One need not destroy the other to survive.''' ,'''I resisted Twitter for a long time. To me, it was synonymous with networking, which in my mind means unceasing self-promotion and superficial small-talk with strangers. A little like wading into a river with a raging current - and I'm a terrible swimmer.''' ,'''The first bookstore I loved wasn't a little independent gem nestled in a neighborhood: it was a modest Waldenbooks in our local shopping mall.''' ,'''I was fortunate to have many teachers who encouraged me - one of the first was Dianne Derrick, my 5th grade teacher at Woodbury Elementary. She challenged us to write creatively and praised my work, but most importantly, she treated writing like it was important.''' ,]
+++