+++
author = "Natti Natasha"
title = "Natti Natasha Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Natti Natasha Quotes"
keywords = "natti natasha,natti natasha quotes,natti natasha quote,natti natasha sayings,natti natasha saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's always a spot for rest, and I find a way.''' ,'''It's not easy for an artist, especially for a girl. But you know, you just have to work very hard, persist, trust what you have, your essence.''' ,'''I want to keep representing for all Latinos - for men, women, young girls, and young kids that have a dream.''' ,'''Little by little, I get to see my music reach people's hearts. There was a time when it was all part of a dream that others didn't believe in, but I had all my faith and trust that one day it was going to be a reality.''' ,'''I want to enlighten the world. We all need it. We need love and light.''' ,'''That's the key to becoming successful in this industry: to dare and to not be afraid.''' ,'''In order to advance in this world, you need to have respect for yourself.''' ,'''It feels amazing to see all of my hard work finally pay off.''' ,'''What I really want is consistency - to keep working, for God to keep blessing me with all the amazing people in my life, to keep making good music, and to keep representing females out there.''' ,'''Lauryn Hill inspired me so much. She had that whole women's empowerment vibe in all of her songs back when that didn't even exist.''' ,'''I used to have imaginary friends.''' ,'''Supporting other girls and other women in your surroundings - it could be anything, not necessarily music - it is you giving back to the world.''' ,'''I own my sexuality, and I don't try to hide it.''' ,'''It's my first baby, 'IlumiNATTI.' I'm taking risks, but I feel like I'm doing it for all the Latinos out there.''' ,'''I have to worry how other women and girls will react to my music. Will they really understand the message that I'm trying to put out there?''' ,'''I really like dancehall. I really like reggae. I'm a big fan. Bob Marley and all that.''' ,'''I want to bring light to my music, to women all over the world. I want to illuminate them with power and a voice, to feel special.''' ,'''As a little girl, I was in the church chorus.''' ,'''I really like to vibe with people and to connect, and I know that I'm a stronger artist now than what I used to be.''' ,'''Women have a voice; they're empowered, and they're heard.''' ,'''I feel like women have so much more to offer: our essence, or flavor, and our part of the story.''' ,'''They say Latina women are spicy. But we are more than that. We have power, and we run things.''' ,''''Makossa' is from Africa, and it means 'dance.' It's also the name for this type of music. In my song, I decided to mix in some Jamaican sounds, like the steel drums.''' ,'''I watched 'Dexter,' but it ended in a really weird way. I think it's going to start over again because he's a new character; he's like a fisherman.''' ,'''The culture of the Dominican Republic definitely influenced me. We enjoy music in this crazy way; we celebrate absolutely everything.''' ,'''In my music, I'm uncensored, which has helped me stand out as a female artist.''' ,'''It was definitely harder being a girl in the industry, but sometimes you have to struggle, and you have to work harder to actually enjoy when you start getting the results.''' ,'''I was a girl who believed in the color of my voice and what I had to say.''' ,'''Own what you have, be happy, love your family, and be sure of yourself no matter what passion you are chasing.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I feel like it's a mistake to generalize that all men are the same.''' ,'''When you're a little girl, you never think anyone's gonna tell you 'no.'''' ,'''Music is so unpredictable, but it's universal.''' ,'''The hardest part about the music industry for anyone is getting into the ears of the world.''' ,'''What International Women's Day represents to me is a time that gives women their position, honor, and respect, which represents empowerment to all of us.''' ,'''Being recognized as a professional by other males is the hardest thing that women have been able to do.''' ,'''I watch 'Under the Dome.' Oh my God! I love it.''' ,'''Working with Thalia was a dream come true as a longtime fan of her work.''' ,'''I'm always focused and enjoying the journey because this life is meant for savoring every goal reached and striving for more.''' ,'''When I was little, I used to listen to Lauryn Hill, so that's that hip-hop and R&B influence in me.''' ,'''It's an honor to be the voice for girls who are not scared and who want to have someone to connect with.''' ,'''I got to know myself in the sense that I like to do songs with no filter. I'm not afraid of saying things that are real.''' ,''''Oh, Daddy,' was a remake of the Ritchie Valens' song 'Oh Donna,' and I really like that one because it's a story of a pregnant woman who was dumped by her baby daddy, but she was always waiting for him. It's a sweet-and-sour situation.''' ,]
+++