+++
author = "Pepa"
title = "Pepa Quotes"
quotes_len = "66"
description = "the best 66 Pepa Quotes"
keywords = "pepa,pepa quotes,pepa quote,pepa sayings,pepa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Peter Jennings came to us and said to make a PSA, 'Let's Talk About AIDS.' But I was naive about how the virus is contracted - until Magic Johnson came out. I'd stereotyped it, thinking it was a gay disease, a white man's disease.''' ,'''There was a time when we had a nice little run: Eve, Lil' Kim, Queen Latifah, Missy Elliott, Lauryn Hill, Remy Ma, Da Brat - it goes on. But what I noticed is that a lot of talented females in hip-hop came out of a male camp.''' ,'''I was a loudmouth rock star when I was still in college. Purple hair this week, green hair next week, blond hair the week after. I was doing that fashion before it was really cool.''' ,'''I tried snowboarding before, and I suck at it.''' ,'''I'm spiritual, too, but 'Gitty Up' is a great song, know what I mean?''' ,'''We had fashion errors that became hits. We were bold with our colors and tights and being very sexy and the assymmetrical hairstyle.''' ,'''We feel we're setting a trend. Other girl groups watch our style and see how we rap. And there are some male rappers I feel we've overthrown.''' ,'''The guys love us - they think we're sexy - but the girls take us seriously... I've always said that when I was a teenager growing up, I wish I had girls like Salt-n-Pepa to look up to. If I'd had someone I could relate to, a lot of things would probably be different.''' ,'''I've always said, if you treat yourself like a queen, you'll attract a king.''' ,'''Every group has its time. Nobody reigns forever, except Michael Jackson. So, you've gotta be ready for that - and be wise about what you're doing.''' ,'''There is a business side to me and a spiritual side.''' ,''''Push It,' to me, was very pop. And back then, you were called 'sell-out' to be pop.''' ,'''We've always been for women and for biggin' up their self-esteem. That's why we do songs like 'Independent.'''' ,'''We need to say to ourselves 'I'm talented, loved, worthy, and valued.'''' ,'''We've been in the game for so long, it's great to be honored for our contributions to the game of hip-hop and be told that we're not forgotten about, that our music is timeless.''' ,'''Ladies, you have to love yourself... you don't always have to have a man.''' ,'''We've never been political, and our fans like us that way. Music is supposed to be fun. But we do drop a positive message.''' ,'''Kids started coming to my concert, and I realized that I had sense of responsibility.''' ,'''A lot of guys don't get their recognition, all the good men out there.''' ,'''I want to reach everyone, but I have a dedication to women. Being that I'm a woman myself, and with the things that I've gone through, I've dealt with a lot of women that are in the dark and blind about relationships who depend on men for their happiness, emotionally and financially.''' ,'''For girls who want to get their waistline down a little bit and don't have any weights in the house, they can actually use a broom and put it behind their necks, lap over it and twist and squat. I do all of that if I don't go to the gym.''' ,'''I'm gonna be in miniskirts at 50. Tina Turner.''' ,'''AC/DC 'Back in Black' - Those were my punk rock days.''' ,'''We've always been into God. We feel we are blessed. That's part of our success. I mean, apart from the chemistry and the talent, we are blessed. I don't think it can happen without God.''' ,'''Lack of communication is the key to any successful relationship going wrong.''' ,'''There are good men out there. There are guys who have their priorities straight, who take care of their kids, who respect their mothers.''' ,'''The women like us because we're the first real women rappers, and the men like us because we're strong. We're not some soft little rappers with soft little voices. The men who see us end up going, 'Hey! They're kickin' it!'''' ,'''Be empowered as a female, as a woman. Don't apologize. Don't lose yourself in another person's life.''' ,'''I wasn't from the streets, but I was in the streets. I had a good family, nice home - you know, I can't say I grew up with nothing... but I chose to hang in the streets.''' ,'''My kids used to see me crying and depressed all the time, and that can affect kids as well.''' ,'''I do like performing 'I'll Take Your Man,' because that was a hard song.''' ,'''We all have little sisters and cousins who look up to us, and we see what they go through. So we have to be an example. A lot of artists come into this business and they don't see things that way. But as you get older - and now that we also have children - your conscience starts working on you.''' ,'''We've been fortunate. 'Push It' will never die.''' ,'''We're just not going anywhere. Our songs are here to stay.''' ,'''Fans make you understand it was more than music to them. It was a movement, a voice they felt they didn't have that we expressed for them.''' ,'''Music has changed. You can just throw songs out on iTunes song by song; you don't have to do a whole album.''' ,'''Women come up to us all the time and give us the most amazing compliments, like, 'Salt-N-Pepa was the soundtrack of my life.' They remind us that we meant so much to them. Sometimes artists don't really grasp that. But when you talk to fans, you get in touch with your legacy.''' ,'''When I see a cutie in front at a concert, I say, 'Ohhh, you're so cute! What's your name?' But I wouldn't do that in real life.''' ,'''It's tough, with the iTunes and all the downloads... You've really got to make an impact to be heard and be unique and different.''' ,'''We never said we were hard-core or that we didn't want our music crossing over or being popular.''' ,'''If you feel good about yourself, there's nothing wrong with showing your stuff.''' ,'''Parents need to sit down with their boys and girls and tell them how to carry themselves and tell the boys how to respect women and respect yourself and know who you are.''' ,'''We'll be in our 60s performing 'Push It' somewhere. Good old 'Push It.' I don't know what it is about that song.''' ,'''Nowadays, everyone has a stylist - we were raw, wearing 8 ball jackets with kente hats and spandex. It's a quintessential look that everyone loved.''' ,'''I like to look good. I'm well-respected, and I demand that - and I don't mind showin' off!''' ,'''We try to keep our audience involved. It is a show, but we want to make sure that everybody - us, them - has a good time.''' ,'''Some things I see on television, I think, 'Oh my gosh, they're showing that now?' wow.''' ,'''If I'm on a date, I don't want to talk business right away. Let it feel like a date. I don't want to talk about my job right then.''' ,'''We're always going to party and have fun. We'll always be pushing it and leaving you with something to remember.''' ,'''We opened the door for women rappers.''' ,'''There is nothing that you can't overcome. So it's never too late for happiness.''' ,'''Not everyone's role model material, but we do have a sense of responsibility because kids listen more to us than they would their parents.''' ,'''Girls are our biggest fans, I tell you. I mean women; I mean even the big ones. They say things like, 'You inspired me!'''' ,'''We're not just three dumb girls from the ghetto who got lucky.''' ,'''Don't rationalize or internalize abusive behavior, because love doesn't hurt.''' ,'''At the end of the day, your life is on the line when you're dealing with abusive men, and your life is more important than any man.''' ,''''Shoop' is whatever you want it to mean. You just shooping around. Just shoop!''' ,'''Our trademark asymmetrical hairstyle came about by accident. My sister was trying to get her beautician's licence, and I was her guinea pig. She permed my hair and didn't wash out one of the sides properly, so the whole right side of my hair was eaten out. After she washed it, I was half bald.''' ,'''For a long time, we got no respect. People thought we just got lucky. They said we were a one-record wonder.''' ,'''I'm not ashamed to speak about anything. And what I'm telling you is real; it's from the heart.''' ,'''We brought fashion, fun, and femininity to hip hop.''' ,'''A lot of our fans, they always say Salt-N-Pepa and Spinderella was the soundtrack to their lives.''' ,'''You have to give your fans and your children something they can use in life.''' ,'''Don't waste your time with a good-for-nothing man.''' ,'''Onstage, we're very dominant and aggressive. But we laugh and play a lot, too.''' ,'''I grew up with park jams. That's how I knew about rap... The local MCs would grab the mic and start rapping. I just used to be so in awe and fascinated and like, 'Wow, this is amazing!' But I would never, ever touch the mic. Heck no.''' ,]
+++