+++
author = "Kehinde Wiley"
title = "Kehinde Wiley Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kehinde Wiley Quotes"
keywords = "kehinde wiley,kehinde wiley quotes,kehinde wiley quote,kehinde wiley sayings,kehinde wiley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The whole conversation of my work has to do with power and who has it.''' ,'''I do think that fist-waving conversations around liberation ideologies are sort of dated - I'm not creating Barbara Kruger moments of self-actualization - what I'm trying to do is create more moments of chaos where we don't really know where we are: to destabilize; where all the rules are suspended temporarily.''' ,'''Gauguin is creepy - let's just face it. He goes off into the Pacific, and he's looking at these young girls, and the colonial gaze: It's just really problematic.''' ,'''It's amazing how, in New York, there is almost a feeling of entitlement by the public - this very palpable lack of surprise at being stopped in the street and being asked to be the subject of a 12-foot monumental painting.''' ,'''It's so easy just to see the one-to-one narrative between presence and non-presence.''' ,'''My work is a contemporary call to arms. It is time to get our mojo back. To rediscover our true north.''' ,'''By and large, most of the work that we see in the great museums throughout the world are populated with people who don't happen to look like me.''' ,'''It was an amazing childhood, despite what you might think about black struggle and poor neighbourhoods and the ghetto. My mother was an educated, budding linguist who really inspired us. Some of the leading indicators of success in the world have to do with how many books are in the house when you're a kid.''' ,'''I remember the first time I went to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and saw a Kerry James Marshall painting with black bodies in it on a museum wall... It strengthened me on a cellular level.''' ,'''The reality of Barack Obama being the president of the United States - quite possibly the most powerful nation in the world - means that the image of power is completely new for an entire generation of not only black American kids but every population group in this nation.''' ,'''Obama stands as a signal that this nation will continue to redefine what it means to push beyond the borders of what's possible.''' ,'''As a working artist, I became increasingly aware of the patterns we see in the street and in America, becoming globalized in terms of pop culture and global and social outlook.''' ,'''The games I'm playing have much more to do with using the language of power and the vocabulary of power to construct new sentences. It's about pointing to empire and control and domination and misogyny and all those social ills in the work, but it's not necessarily taking a position. Oftentimes, it's actually embodying it.''' ,'''The way we think about a presidential portrait is one that is imbued with dignity from the outset.''' ,'''Artists are those people who sit at the intersection between the known and unknown, the rational and irrational, coming to terms with some of the confusing histories we, as artists, deal with.''' ,'''My style is in the 21st century. If you look at the process, it goes from photography through Photoshop, where certain features are heightened, elements of the photo are diminished. There is no sense of truth when you're looking at the painting or the photo or that moment when the photo was first taken.''' ,'''I've jokingly painted some of my favorite collectors as black men, so there's a really great portrait of David LaChapelle, the photographer - my version of him - that's in his collection.''' ,'''I rarely meet a lot of the people who buy and collect my work.''' ,'''I taught myself to paint African-Americans, mostly people roughly my skin tone.''' ,'''Artists have been very good at working for the church and for the state; communicating the aspirations of a society.''' ,'''I have a fondness for making paintings that go beyond just having a conversation about art for art's sake or having a conversation about art history. I actually really enjoy looking at broader popular culture.''' ,'''What I wanted to do was to look at the powerlessness that I felt as - and continue to feel at times - as a black man in the American streets. I know what it feels like to walk through the streets, knowing what it is to be in this body and how certain people respond to that body.''' ,'''I grew up in South Central Los Angeles in the '80s, back when it just wasn't a cool scene. But my mother had the foresight to look for a number of projects that would keep us away from the streets.''' ,'''The language of the heroic is something that has evolved over time.''' ,'''In the field of aesthetic theory, humans are pattern-seeking creatures. That can be seen in terms of musical structures, patternmaking, even in terms of storytelling and literature.''' ,'''I'm like a gypsy. I've got a place in Beijing, a place in New York, a place in west Africa; I'm working on a place in Colombia. I like the fact that painting is portable - and I've wanted my entire life to be able to see the world, to respond to it, and make that my life's work.''' ,'''Questlove is an artist who I respect because he constantly shifts within the idiom, challenging perceptions of hip-hop and black American culture.''' ,'''What is portraiture? It's choice. It's the ability to position your body in the world for the world to celebrate you on your own terms.''' ,'''There's something to be said about the art-industrial complex, the collectors who recognize that your work has some sort of future economic value.''' ,'''Stained glass is unique from the outside, but as a painting insider, I know that oil painting's all about light. And it's about the depiction of light, the way that it bounces off different types of skin, different landscapes. The mastery of that light is the obsession of most of my painter friends.''' ,'''One of the things that has inspired me so much is knowing that I felt like I could never measure up.''' ,'''Art in the age of the digital image is completely different from experiencing art in physical form.''' ,'''In the end, what I'm trying to say as a person who does all this travel and fashions these images is that you arrive at an approximate location but never one destination.''' ,'''My love affair with painting is bittersweet.''' ,'''Being a kid with black skin in South Central Los Angeles, in a part of the world where opportunity didn't necessarily knock every day, is what gave me this sensibility and drove me to explore my fascination with art.''' ,'''Painting does more than just point to things. The very act of pointing is a value statement.''' ,'''If people looked at me like I was a little different, I would maybe sit next to them, and I would draw.''' ,'''What's interesting about the 21st century is how people deal with cultural history. We don't necessarily feel like there are discrete categories. We consume it as a complete package, whether it's down the street or on the other side of the globe.''' ,'''Artists should be able to thrive and allow their ideas to flourish as much as those in biotechnology or finance.''' ,'''In a sense, we are all victims of the misogyny and racism that exist in the world, no matter what our gender or race happens to be.''' ,'''At the core, every artist, no matter what his subject matter happens to be, has to be someone doing the looking. I began to really interrogate the act of looking.''' ,'''My paintings are very much about the consumption and production of blackness. And how blackness is marketed to the world.''' ,'''The beauty of art is that it allows you to slow down, and for a moment, things that once seemed unfamiliar become precious to you.''' ,'''Fashion is fragile and fleeting. But it is also an indicator for the cultural and social appetites for a nation.''' ,'''In the end, so much of what I wanted to do was to have a body of work that exhaustively looked at black American notions of masculinity: how we look at black men - how they're perceived in public and private spaces - and to really examine that, going from every possible angle.''' ,'''Portraits are about revealing aspects of an individual.''' ,'''The ability to be the first African-American painter to paint the first African-American president of the United States is absolutely overwhelming. It doesn't get any better than that.''' ,'''At its best, what art does is, it points to who we as human beings and what we as human beings value. And if Black Lives Matter, they deserve to be in paintings.''' ,'''I think it would be really interesting to paint Obama.''' ,'''When I was growing up and going to art school and learning about African-American art, much of it was a type of political art that was very didactic and based on the '60s, and a social collective.''' ,'''My work is not about paint. It's about paint at the service of something else. It is not about gooey, chest-beating, macho '50s abstraction that allows paint to sit up on the surface as subject matter about paint.''' ,'''I'm about looking at each of those perceived menacing black men that you see in the streets all over the place, people that you oftentimes will walk past without assuming that they have the same humanity, fears that we all do.''' ,'''So much of the history of painting is the propaganda of self-aggrandizement.''' ,'''Once I get a project in my head, I start getting really obsessive about it.''' ,'''I understand blackness from the inside out. What my goal is, is to allow the world to see the humanity that I know personally to be the truth.''' ,'''It's sad, the enslavement of the black underclass to designer labels - we're an age that cares more about Versace than Vermeer.''' ,'''When I'm at my best, I'm trying to destabilize myself and figure out new ways of approaching art as a provocation. I think I am at my best when I push myself into a place where I don't have all the answers.''' ,'''The performance of black American identity feels very different from actually living in a black body. There's a dissonance between inside and outside.''' ,'''You don't hire Kehinde Wiley to have a tame painting.''' ,'''I think there's something important in going against the grain and perhaps finding value in things that aren't necessarily institutionally recognized.''' ,'''When you go back to the days when I was studying how to paint, some of the things that excited me most was to go into the Huntington Library and Gardens and to see the amazing pictures of the landed gentry.''' ,'''I am interested in evolution within my thinking. I am not interested in the evolution of my paint.''' ,'''When I thought about the absolute favourite of favourites or what stood for the best of haute couture, it was Givenchy.''' ,'''There's something really cool about taking oily coloured paste and pushing it around with these hairy sticks and making something that looks like you. That's the magic of painting.''' ,'''My father is Nigerian; my mother is from Texas and African-American. My father was the first in his family to go to university. He flew from Nigeria to Los Angeles in the '70s to go to UCLA, where he met my mother. They broke up before I was born, and he returned to Nigeria.''' ,'''We all look at the same object in different ways.''' ,'''I came from a background where access to museum culture was rarely granted, and, when you got it, people wondered what the hell you were doing there.''' ,'''Branding says a lot about luxury and about exclusion and about the choices that manufacturers make, but I think that what society does with it after it's produced is something else. And the African-American community has always been expert at taking things and repurposing them toward their own ends.''' ,'''Painting from life is a completely different monster, which I like. But because I've been painting from photography for so long, I've learned my best moves from photography.''' ,'''Painting has the ability to communicate something about the sitter that gets to his essence.''' ,'''My sexuality is not black and white. I'm a gay man who has occasionally drifted. I am not bi. I've had perfectly pleasant romances with women, but they weren't sustainable. My passion wasn't there. I would always be looking at guys.''' ,'''Europe has been a place of refuge. Why should it stop with black and brown bodies?''' ,'''There is - and always will be - the legacy of chattel slavery in this nation, an obsession with racial and gender differences, but I think that, at its best, this nation is capable of creating standards for itself and reaching towards those standards.''' ,'''I know how young black men are seen. They're boys - scared little boys, oftentimes. I was one of them. I was completely afraid of the Los Angeles Police Department.''' ,'''I need to open a restaurant, a big soul food restaurant in Beijing!''' ,'''There is something that always will be true about painting and sculpture - that in order to really get it, you have to show up. That is something that is both sad and kind of beautiful about it. It remains analog. It remains special and irreducible.''' ,'''I think my life has been transformed by the ability to take things that exist in the world and look at them more closely. I think that's what art does at its best: it allows us to slow down.''' ,'''I think I've come through the art-industrial complex - I've been educated in some of the best institutions and been privy to some of the insider conversations around theory and the evolution of art.''' ,'''For years, I've been painting black men as a way to respond to the reality of the streets. I've asked black men to show up in my studio in the clothes that they want to be wearing. And often times, those clothes would be the same trappings people would see on television and find menacing.''' ,'''In America , there's a just-add-water reality TV world in which people expect to get their Warholian 15 minutes of fame.''' ,'''Many people see my early work simply as portraits of black and brown people. Really, it's an investigation of how we see those people and how they have been perceived over time.''' ,'''My mother introduced to me as a child the world of language: the way in which translation can be a system by which you can understand others.''' ,'''If art can be at the service of anything, it's about letting us see a state of grace for those people who rarely get to be able to be seen that way.''' ,'''I thought I'd be a chef by night and paint by day. Now I just have fabulous dinner parties.''' ,'''Painting is about the world that we live in. Black men live in the world. My choice is to include them.''' ,'''My mother sent me to art classes at the age of 11. I began to have kids around me say, 'Will you make drawings for me? Will you make a painting for me?' And it really clicked.''' ,'''My interest is in completing an image that is spectacular beyond belief. My fidelity is to the image and the art and not to the bragging rights of making every stroke on every flower. I'm realistic.''' ,'''Art is about changing what we see in our everyday lives and representing it in such a way that it gives us hope.''' ,'''I grew up in this weird, educationally elite but economically impoverished environment. Total 'Oprah' story.''' ,'''The art world has become so insular. The rules have become so autodidactic that, in a sense, they lose track of what people have any interest in thinking about, talking about, or even looking at.''' ,'''The erotic and the art historical imagination is something that gets very little play when people talk about my work, and when they rarely do, they try to problematize it.''' ,'''You have to be careful about over-politicizing the utterances of people of colour because, oftentimes, there's poetry that seeks to go beyond that narrative.''' ,'''During 1989, my mother, who was exceedingly good at finding these free programs - you know, we were on welfare, just trying to get through - but she would find these amazing programs. She sent me to the Soviet Union at the age of 12 to go study in the forest of then-Leningrad with 50 other Soviet kids.''' ,'''I think the pairing of your material practice with your subject is something that is the constant concern of every artist for time immemorial.''' ,'''What I try to do is defy expectations in terms of boundaries, whether it is high or low art, pop culture, or fine-art culture. My work is about reconciling myriad cultural influences and bringing them into one picture.''' ,'''This idea that my work is about hip-hop is a little reductive. What I'm interested in is the performance of masculinity, the performance of ethnicity, and how they intermingle across cultures.''' ,'''What you have in my work is one person's path as he travels through the world, and there is no limitation of what is conceivable.''' ,'''If you look at the paintings that I love in art history, these are the paintings where great, powerful men are being celebrated on the big walls of museums throughout the world. What feels really strange is not to be able to see a reflection of myself in that world.''' ,'''I started making work that I assumed would be far too garish, far too decadent, far too black for the world to care about. I, to this day, am thankful to whatever force there is out there that allows me to get away with painting the stories of people like me.''' ,'''I've fished everywhere I've traveled.''' ,]
+++