+++
author = "Jacqueline Emerson"
title = "Jacqueline Emerson Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Jacqueline Emerson Quotes"
keywords = "jacqueline emerson,jacqueline emerson quotes,jacqueline emerson quote,jacqueline emerson sayings,jacqueline emerson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think family is so important.''' ,'''I've been acting since I was six years old, but not professionally.''' ,'''I couldn't believe it! I mean, I'd always dreamed of acting on the screen - my previous background was all theater - but I wasn't sure if the opportunity would ever present itself. Not only was this acting for the screen, this was acting in 'The Hunger Games!' I knew that I had to give this audition my all.''' ,'''I started piano lessons when I was four; I was being classically trained at the Colburn School.''' ,'''If I see a spider in my house, I put it in a cup, and then I take it outside. I save it. What is wrong with me?''' ,'''For the longest time I was brought up listening to only two genres of music, pop and rock. So in the past few years I've been trying to expand my interests because I think that you can only write to the extent of your knowledge, and if your knowledge is limited you can't write past that.''' ,'''Once you get to that point when you can just be yourself and relax, I just think that you're so much happier in general.''' ,'''I'm a pescatarian - I don't even eat meat!''' ,'''I wanted to be a professional singer/actress, though I knew it would be hard.''' ,'''I never dreamed that I would hear 10,000 people screaming when I stepped out onto a stage. Well, that's not entirely true. I dreamed about it but in a performing-on-the-stage-at-Staples-Center-or-Madison-Square-Garden context. But never in a I'm-in-a-movie-that-hasn't-even-come-out-yet one.''' ,'''Anyways, I am a nerd, bookworm, geek... whatever you want to call me. I'm the type of person that would rather sit down and read a good book than go out and party.''' ,'''When I was six years old my friend was auditioning for 'Annie,' and I decided I wanted to audition with her. My mom was worried I would fall flat on my face because I'd never opened my mouth to sing, so she sent me to vocal lessons. I did the audition and fell in love with the entire process of a show.''' ,]
+++