+++
author = "Emily Osment"
title = "Emily Osment Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Emily Osment Quotes"
keywords = "emily osment,emily osment quotes,emily osment quote,emily osment sayings,emily osment saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You want to see someone having turmoil or falling in love or out of love; that's what makes good TV.''' ,'''I'm tired of seeing perfect people on TV.''' ,'''I have seen 'The Sixth Sense.'''' ,'''I heard oysters are an aphrodisiac, which I can't stand, but I think anything you eat with your hands is cute. I don't know.''' ,'''I love Halloween!''' ,'''Drama is where I always thought I would go.''' ,'''I've always been one to want to memorize everything and just be confident that I know all of the lines, but that changed. After college, I realized it's not as much about being off-book as it is about completely understanding the character and, more so, getting into the mind of your character.''' ,'''I did an ABC Family movie called 'Cyberbully' a couple years ago, and it was unlike any movie I'd ever done before. I remember just reading the script and thinking, 'OK, she cries in every scene.'''' ,'''Everyone needs to be able to have their own space in which to be themselves.''' ,'''I love Audrey Hepburn. I thought she was very classy.''' ,'''I'm not so great at keeping secrets; maybe that's why no one ever tells me things.''' ,'''What's great about having the live audience is you know immediately if you're funny or not. That always helped when we were doing 'Hannah Montana;' it teaches you if something worked or didn't.''' ,'''I get to reach out to over a million people ever yday on Twitter and enlighten them with what I feel about cyberbullying, and I - what I think you can do to avoid it, and the places you can visit online that are safe.''' ,'''I've been very fortunate to keep working throughout all my awkward, weird teenager years and when I was in college.''' ,'''I definitely prefer movies over television. I think the process is more fun.''' ,'''I love to play the guitar. I also love photography and fashion.''' ,'''I wasn't brave enough to read the R. L. Stine book series when I was younger. But my brother read as many of them as he could.''' ,'''Balancing school, acting, and a social life can be difficult.''' ,'''I grew up around strong women, and I love working with strong women.''' ,'''I thoroughly enjoy sitcoms - the schedule that comes with them and the camaraderie you feel with a certain group of people when you've been working together for a long time.''' ,'''I was Gerti Giggles in 'Spy Kids.'''' ,'''I used to go to a regular, private high school, but I was only there a week out of the month. I was out of school three weeks out of the month, and so I would have everything faxed to me and e-mailed, and it made it really difficult.''' ,'''I went to theater school, and then comedy... just happened.''' ,'''Being cast as the voice of Rainbow Brite for the relaunch of this iconic show is truly an honor.''' ,'''I think every actor can agree that when you've been playing a certain character for awhile - no matter what that role is - it's always attractive to try something that's different.''' ,'''I never really get to play a character who's my own age. I kind of look a little bit younger for my age.''' ,'''I don't get embarrassed easily, and I do silly things all the time!''' ,'''Chuck Lorre and everyone else on 'Mom' did such a great job of balancing that line that rides tragedy and comedy. They make you cry, and then they make you crack up about it.''' ,'''I grew up with music definitely.''' ,'''Actors pull from their own experiences to bring reality to the characters. I wouldn't want to play someone who's a lot like me. There would be no turning it on or off.''' ,'''Disney definitely sets up a fan base for you.''' ,'''Disney Channel is celebrities coated in sugar. Everything is really happy; everything is really bright.''' ,'''I spend a lot of time with my friends when I have time off, which is the best.''' ,]
+++