+++
author = "Dennis Skinner"
title = "Dennis Skinner Quotes"
quotes_len = "53"
description = "the best 53 Dennis Skinner Quotes"
keywords = "dennis skinner,dennis skinner quotes,dennis skinner quote,dennis skinner sayings,dennis skinner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I am doing a speech at a Labour party meeting - I think I have done every constituency - I'll look for a happy face, and talk to that face. In the Commons, with all the anger, I'll fix on a blank panel above their heads.''' ,'''I refused to pair with a Tory MP, I refused all foreign junkets and I've never had a drink in a Westminster bar.''' ,'''We're allowed to say wonderful things about the Royal Family in the House of Commons. What you're not allowed to say is: anything that might be truthful, but that might upset them. So from time to time I've been pulled up because I've said things which I think are important.''' ,'''I worked in the pit for more than 20 years and never had a serious injury.''' ,'''I wouldn't take Father of the House even if I was offered it.''' ,'''I always work on the principle that if my heart and my head are together on an issue, write it, say it.''' ,'''In the public sector, there are a million people in the health service. There ought to be a couple of dozen or more on the Labour side, who learned their trade in different parts of the health service, and the public sector, and local government. And bus drivers, and people on the Underground.''' ,'''You don't enter politics when you come to parliament. I was getting politics for breakfast, dinner and tea when I was a little kid.''' ,'''I often think now I'm a lot older, what would have happened if I was born in the middle of the city, where there was a drama class.''' ,'''When Cameron said to me 'you're a dinosaur,' several people in Parliament said to me 'you're trendin', Dennis, you're trendin' - and I didn't know what it meant. I know now what it is.''' ,'''There are only so many things you can do in life, and if you think I'm going to spend my waking hours thinking about some decency in some Tory or other, forget it.''' ,'''Cameron called me a dinosaur you know? Well I'm the only dinosaur who can ride a bike 12 miles a day.''' ,'''Isn't it essential in any prelude to a war to be sure of your allies and be sure of your objectives?''' ,'''I remember at one time there were 44 mining MPs.''' ,'''I am naturally disciplined. It started early; you can't be all free and easy in a family of 10.''' ,'''I've never done any cross-party stuff. I've no interest in sitting down discussing pensions or whatever with Tories.''' ,'''When posh boys are in trouble they sack their servants.''' ,'''My life hasn't been all about politics.''' ,'''I'm up at the crack of dawn.''' ,'''I was shaped by a pit environment and the Second World War. My playground was on the pit tip at Clay Cross and I grew up with that mining background. My father was a miner and my granddad was a miner, and I would say three out of ten on the street where I was born were working in the pits.''' ,'''I don't think you should celebrate age.''' ,'''I have bought my flat myself and never charged a penny of it to the taxpayers.''' ,'''I still think carefully about what I'm going to say. I use me heart and head technique, in which the heart says, 'get stuck in, Dennis!', and the head says, 'just a minute... ' But I probably don't use this as often as some others.''' ,'''I didn't know when Parliament started to pay my wages.''' ,'''I'm not gregarious. I spend a lot of time in the parks when it is fine. I do know almost every blade of grass.''' ,'''There are fads in life and old people indulge things to excess sometimes.''' ,'''I think if I hadn't been born in a pit village I'd have been part of a dramatic society.''' ,'''If I'd not been a coal miner in the past, getting up very early, I wouldn't have been able to have done what I've been doing.''' ,'''Environment does shape you. My environment, in a pit family, in a pit village, with nine kids in total.''' ,'''The personality cult of the ego does not work down a coal mine and it does not work in the Labour party.''' ,'''I was cycling until I was 68. I used to play football, cricket, tennis, table tennis. I was into road walking - heel and toe.''' ,'''We have all lost before and we will win again.''' ,'''When I swapped studying for a wage and a proper job, Mam and Dad were devastated. I was rejecting an opportunity they never had. But their eldest son, at 16, wanted only to follow his father down the pit. It was to be the biggest education of my life.''' ,'''I did marathons long before they were popular, when people running round the streets were looked at oddly.''' ,'''I've never bothered about what people say about me.''' ,'''Well, I don't believe in patronage.''' ,'''Parties are organised happiness but happiness is accidental. You can't legislate for it.''' ,'''I'm not going to be putting my expenses on the Internet. I wouldn't know how.''' ,'''I used to be very athletic when I was a young man.''' ,'''I don't believe in organised happiness.''' ,'''I've never sent an email to anybody. I believe in keeping the postman in work.''' ,'''To be honest, it was slavery. Nobody should have any romantic ideas about working underground. It's very, very dangerous. You always knew you were living in danger. You were on your hands and knees half the day.''' ,'''I have worked out that I am living in London on £27 a day while David Cameron is claiming a damn sight more for his big house in Oxford.''' ,'''I've never been to a dinner that's laid on anywhere. I don't want to waste what few hours I've got.''' ,'''I remember arguing with kids on the street who were talking about Santa Claus. I said don't be so daft - Santa Claus doesn't come down our chimney. He's an economic Santa Claus; he goes down chimneys where they've got money.''' ,'''I do rely on my instincts a lot and my imagination.''' ,'''I've never made a perfect speech or a perfect anything. I always think after, I should have done it that way or this way.''' ,'''I never, ever romanticise life in the pit. It was a hard, dirty, noisy, tiring, dangerous job in a confined space, a very dark world with no toilets or running water to drink or wash with.''' ,'''We dragged the National Health Service from the depths of degradation. I've got a United Nations heart bypass to prove it and it was done by a Syrian cardiologist, a Malaysian surgeon, a Dutch doctor and a Nigerian registrar.''' ,'''I realised that you could get into trouble with a dull speech.''' ,'''I was elected by people voting Labour! The idea that you come to Parliament and the first thing you do is that you're hand in hand with Tories and Liberals - I can't understand it! I came here and I made my mind up that I wasn't going to collaborate with the people I'd fought against in the election. It wasn't a difficult thing.''' ,'''With this 'social media,' instead of letters you get emails. They're all written in a hurry, with no punctuation, no paragraphs - it's one continual stream, with spelling mistakes. Quite frankly I think it's a world I don't need. But I have to read them all because people say, 'Did you get my letter?' And it's not even a letter!''' ,'''I hate to say it because I voted against everything Thatcher did, but she had principles she believed in.''' ,]
+++