+++
author = "Camille Grammer"
title = "Camille Grammer Quotes"
quotes_len = "97"
description = "the best 97 Camille Grammer Quotes"
keywords = "camille grammer,camille grammer quotes,camille grammer quote,camille grammer sayings,camille grammer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Right after any kind of procedure you want to be surrounded by love and you need good healing vibes and positive energy around you.''' ,'''Due to my genetic predisposition to certain cancers and having experienced the travails of my mom and grandmother in their battles against this awful disease, I wanted to use my platform to raise awareness and funds for crucial research for these below-the-belt cancers.''' ,'''I'm just so grateful I had a wonderful surrogate who carried our two children. I have two amazing angels in my life that I love so much. They are such a gift and a blessing from God.''' ,'''I saw my mother go through surgical menopause, and at 35, I wasn't ready for that. I wasn't ready for the complications, like bone loss as a result of early menopause, that my mother had.''' ,'''At the end of the day what matters most is that we can cut through the pettiness and drama when it really counts and support each other.''' ,'''I've learned It 's better to address conflicts head on and then move on.''' ,'''It is one thing to go through a divorce, and quite another to have the rug ripped out from under you in a very publicly humiliating way.''' ,'''I'm no table flipper. I am more calm and collected in my fights.''' ,'''Sometimes I've said things that I shouldn't have.''' ,'''Sometimes the wrong thing is said or things don't come out the way they were intended.''' ,'''I love paddle boarding. It gives me that feeling of peace as well as an opportunity to enjoy nature's true beauty.''' ,'''In Sept of 2013 I was diagnosed as having an aggressive form of stage 2 endometrial cancer. I underwent a rigorous treatment program that included a radical hysterectomy followed with chemo and radiation therapy.''' ,'''There's a difference between reality TV and reality. There's a big difference.''' ,'''I think keeping your family close and having them support you helps you so much, and also having a good man in your life, and I have a lot of great friends too.''' ,'''If you can't get pregnant for whatever reason, it's great to know that there are options available for people that want to have a family.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong I love a good fashion show as much as any girl - I just had a lot of time to develop other, not-so-girly interests in addition to shoes and purses.''' ,'''Being in a new relationship is exciting and difficult and there's some things you really want to remain secret.''' ,'''My mom was diagnosed at the age of 46 with ovarian cancer.''' ,'''Having a mother with an illness and being there for her, and being there for my children I just realize how precious life is.''' ,'''I studied acting years ago; it was kind of a dream I had years ago, but I gave that up when I got married and had children.''' ,'''I want all of my girlfriends to enjoy each other because life is too short.''' ,'''I do have many close girlfriends; these relationships are paramount in my life.''' ,'''I'm very humble.''' ,'''Going through divorce while shooting a reality show is terrible.''' ,'''I have to say it has been so important to have your friends and family there for you.''' ,'''There's so much paperwork that goes with changing a name.''' ,'''I would never hold my children back from that. I would never want them to resent me for holding them back from their father's wedding.''' ,'''It's tough being the one person on the hot seat.''' ,'''I'm going to try to not eat any more dark chocolate, and that's going to be very, very hard for me because I'm completely addicted to dark chocolate.''' ,'''I feel so blessed. I have two wonderful children, and I'm channeling my energy and my experience to help others.''' ,'''It's hard to expose your personal life publicly, and everyone has an opinion.''' ,'''I want to see my daughter get married, I want to see my son get married, graduate high school, college.''' ,'''I find I really put careful consideration into my friendships with women because the relationships can be so sensitive. Let's face it: some women can be down right catty. This is what makes me cautious, but also what makes my true friendships so dear to me.''' ,'''I took pre-med courses in college.''' ,'''Chemo is awful!''' ,'''Men are much more up-front with their friends. There isn't as much maneuvering, back-stabbing and covert campaigning. It is what it is at face value.''' ,'''I am the third generation of women in my family to be struck with a gynecologic cancer. Because of this legacy, we have been genetically tested.''' ,'''It's in poor taste to question anyone's illness diagnosed through specific testing by their doctor.''' ,'''I think that's a really important part of a marriage, to be intimate with your partner.''' ,'''I'm a spokesperson, and advocate of awareness. So when anything comes up on our bodies - if it's skin cancer or a bump or something we're not certain of - we need to see our doctors.''' ,'''Our children are Grammers and it's easier to keep the Grammer last name because of them.''' ,'''Divorce alone is a very hard thing to go through, and having the public weigh in on it makes it worse.''' ,'''Lyme disease is very debilitating. Being from the East Coast I know Lyme disease is quite common and may lay dormant and may produce flu-like symptoms, as well as neurological issues.''' ,'''It's so very important for me to be involved in raising awareness and funds for cancer research.''' ,'''Nobody likes to feel like they are being torn apart behind their back.''' ,'''I'm a spokesperson for the foundation for women's cancer, so I will continue to raise awareness and help those that need help.''' ,'''I am very grateful to have beaten my cancer, but it has been tough adjusting to my new normal.''' ,'''Visiting anyone post-surgery for the first time can be traumatic.''' ,'''My life and focus are my children, and caring for my mother with her health issues. So when I'm with my friends I want to enjoy their company and not get wrapped up in the distractions.''' ,'''I'm a mother and I adore my children. I live for them.''' ,'''We should take every moment we have and enjoy it now. Put all this cattiness aside and have fun.''' ,'''I believe in a marriage that could last and stand the test of time.''' ,'''I love cuddling.''' ,'''Thank you to all the fans of 'RHOBH' for your continued love and support. It means so much to me.''' ,'''Listen, not all of us are proud of what we say or do at times.''' ,'''My mom was diagnosed with stage 3 ovarian cancer when she was 47.''' ,'''I wanted to be a dentist actually.''' ,'''I can stand up for myself.''' ,'''I love skiing.''' ,'''Divorce in itself is so difficult to get through.''' ,'''My self-deprecating humor may not be as funny as I thought.''' ,'''You know, I believe in love.''' ,'''Being a spokesperson for cancer awareness has been a passion of mine. It helps me in my recovery but also helps others.''' ,'''Cancer really stinks.''' ,'''I love when we just let our hair down, get a little goofy and just be girls.''' ,'''I don't think the world is jealous of me.''' ,'''The cancer I had is called clear cell carcinoma, and it can show up anywhere at any time. There's always that little fear in the back of my head, it could show up in my colon, my stomach, my brain. I do worry about that.''' ,'''I'm not self boasting. I'm a really good mom.''' ,'''I'm so proud of my mom and I admire her faith and especially strength. In everything that she's gone through she's really been there for me, and that's incredible.''' ,'''I unfortunately tested positive for Lynch Syndrome, so I have been checked at least annually and sometimes twice a year.''' ,'''Hawaii is such a wonderful, healing place for me. I feel so at ease with the natives and love the tranquility of the islands. It is a place to find inner peace and be one with nature.''' ,'''With sun exposure, be careful.''' ,'''It is difficult to not let the circumstances define you when everyone feels they know your personal struggles and agony.''' ,'''I am the type of person who believes an apology should be sincere and from the heart.''' ,'''My parents are always like, 'Camille stop with the medical stuff!'''' ,'''I love animals. I'm a big animal lover.''' ,'''I am not saying that I have never had an insecure moment in my life, I, like most people, have had many.''' ,'''Chemo gets all the notoriety, but for me, radiation was really the tough one.''' ,'''It is interesting to watch yourself on a reality show. It makes you think about the things that you say and how what you meant to convey can be so easily miscommunicated and misunderstood.''' ,'''I want peace in my life.''' ,'''My children are most important to me.''' ,'''If we can forgive, it will help us to grow and not remain stagnant in the same place. Then we can move on without animosity and hurt feelings.''' ,'''I wish and pray my babies will grow up and find someone wonderful to love.''' ,'''When cancer affects somebody in the family, the whole family is affected.''' ,'''You never know what's going to happen so just enjoy the moments that you have with the people you love and cherish them. Let them know that you love them and how much you appreciate them being in your life.''' ,'''I think having a sense of humor is just as important a coping mechanism as it is a gift for everyday life.''' ,'''As a cancer survivor of a radical hysterectomy, there are complications that happen after the fact and your body changes and, going through those changes, you don't feel sexy.''' ,'''We can't ignore signals that our bodies are giving us when something is wrong.''' ,'''Certain family matters should always remain private within the family.''' ,'''I think of myself as pretty chill and down-to-earth.''' ,'''What I most hope is that Kelsey and I can improve our communications and truly co-parent our two wonderful children.''' ,'''We don't need an abundance of things.''' ,'''I would encourage all women to get mammograms when their doctors tell them to.''' ,'''I don't need to drink to have a good time with the ladies.''' ,'''Award season is such an exciting time of the year and I enjoy seeing who is nominated, who wins and - like most women - the fashions.''' ,'''I watched my grandmother and mother suffer with gynecologic cancers, and now I've been through it.''' ,'''If you come into my house, it looks like I went to Costco and Dylan's Candy and every candy store and I just have glass jars filled with chocolate. I just love chocolate.''' ,]
+++