+++
author = "Park Bo-Young"
title = "Park Bo-Young Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Park Bo-Young Quotes"
keywords = "park bo-young,park bo-young quotes,park bo-young quote,park bo-young sayings,park bo-young saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I talk to myself a lot.''' ,'''Park Hyung Sik is like Ahn Min Hyuk in that he is very playful and bright. Sometimes I wondered if it was even possible for someone to be as bright as he is.''' ,'''I like men who straightforwardly express their emotions.''' ,'''If I ever come out with a very serious, romantic project, you should know that it's because, at that point, I would have experienced a very agitated relationship.''' ,'''When I got tied up in a big lawsuit with my previous agency, I seriously thought my career was over.''' ,'''I'm not as careful as I look, which is why I choose not to do social media. It's really because I don't trust myself. I'm also very easily influenced by my feelings and will impulsively act on my emotions, which is another reason why I don't do social media.''' ,'''Most times, I had to wait long for the roles that I really wanted to play.''' ,'''One time, when I was filming 'Strong Woman Do Bong Soon,' I had to ask my little sister to bring me something. I was filming a scene where I had to carry Park Hyung Sik and Ji Soo on my back, and my sister just had her eyes on them the whole time. She had no interest in me whatsoever.''' ,'''In the past, I always set definitive goals for myself, but I've stopped doing that.''' ,'''I think I know the feeling of 'liking' someone, but I don't know what it means to 'love.'''' ,'''As I grow older, working in the entertainment industry, where I should worry how others see me, my self-esteem has further dropped.''' ,'''There's no way I would date Park Hyung Sik.''' ,'''I'm not sure if I should say this, and it might sound arrogant of me, but I think there is a tendency to view female characters as consumer products.''' ,'''Thinking about my career, nothing ever came easy for me.''' ,'''Some kids would deliberately knock shoulders with me while passing by. Students from other classes would then put trash all over my seat, and the kids in my class would try to clean it up for me.''' ,'''The movie 'Scandal Makers' did so much better than I had thought. During that phase of my career, the people around me warned me that whatever goes up could always come back down.''' ,'''Sometimes, my manager is caught off guard by me talking to myself, so he'll start talking back to me.''' ,'''Taking a role in a drama series takes a lot of energy, as new episode must be made every week.''' ,'''I can't watch horror films because I am easily scared.''' ,'''I've been watching Park Hyung Sik since his ZE:A days. I know all of their title songs and even got tested on their songs by Park Hyung Sik.''' ,'''When people compliment me, I don't put much meaning into them, but when they say bad things, I take them too seriously. I try to fix this mentality, but it's hard.''' ,'''When I am filming dramas, I lean towards doing what the public wants to see from me.''' ,'''My fans are always upset because I don't do projects frequently and because I don't use social media.''' ,'''I believe every citizen feels the same way about the Sewol Ferry incident.''' ,'''I saw Song Hye Kyo once, and she was so pretty. She was bare-faced, and I was wearing full makeup, yet she still looked prettier than me. After seeing her, I told myself that I should just focus on my acting.''' ,'''I always thought that I wasn't the type of person to show off my cuteness.''' ,'''Honestly, Korean beauty standards are harsh. People are even putting pressure on non-celebrities to be super skinny, and the standards of thinness are just getting worse.''' ,'''As long as you're healthy, I don't think weight matters.''' ,'''I suddenly turn into the cutest girl ever when I get a boyfriend.''' ,'''Whenever people say nice things to me, I think they're just saying them because I'm standing right in front of them. Even when I read articles that say good things about me, I forget about them right away. When I read about people pointing out my flaws, however, I think about them a lot.''' ,'''I always faced obstacles in my career.''' ,'''I'm really thankful for the popularity of 'Strong Woman Do Bong Soon,' but I know it's only temporary.''' ,'''I am not that cute. However, because I had played so many cute characters, I am starting to be influenced by them.''' ,'''Personally, I think getting obsessed with yourself is the most dangerous thing.''' ,'''When I am filming a movie, I think I tend to do what I want with my character.''' ,]
+++