+++
author = "Tan France"
title = "Tan France Quotes"
quotes_len = "87"
description = "the best 87 Tan France Quotes"
keywords = "tan france,tan france quotes,tan france quote,tan france sayings,tan france saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you can't take care of yourself, how the heck are you going to take care of everyone around you?''' ,'''If you have items in your closet that you haven't worn in a year, then you're never going to wear them.''' ,'''I didn't really care about the entertainment industry. That wasn't my life.''' ,'''For me, I don't go, 'Let me walk into this person's home. I don't care who they are, I'm going to put them in a Dolce & Gabbana suit, and I really want them to have a pink shirt.'''' ,'''Style is dressing the way that you feel confident and what is appropriate for you, your age, your body type.''' ,'''Nobody wants to see an engagement photo with you in your ratty jeans and t-shirt. Go for layers, and you're always going to look like you made more of an effort.''' ,'''If I don't look the way I wanna look, I don't feel confident. I'm sure that's most people, but it really does affect my confidence if I'm not dressed the way I want to dress.''' ,'''When I speak, I don't speak for myself; I don't have the luxury of a Caucasian to be able to speak for myself. I speak for a whole community, and I represent so many different communities that that felt like a lot of pressure.''' ,'''I love to wear shades when I'm out and about.''' ,'''I'm married to a man from Utah, and I talk about that very openly.''' ,'''When somebody says something stupid to me, I usually alleviate it with laughter and humour. I make light of it to educate people on why it's inappropriate.''' ,'''I live in Salt Lake City, and I don't have a lot of gay friends.''' ,'''I was raised in a very Middle Eastern household, and modesty was very important, and dressing to not be desirable or provocative was very important.''' ,'''I have to battle so many issues, and the biggest is racism.''' ,'''A boot cut does not look great on most people.''' ,'''I owned a few ladies' apparel brands, and one of my business partners is a very popular blogger in the U.S.''' ,'''A leather jacket always makes you look cooler, sometimes more chic, and it elevates your look to make you look like you've purchased something expensive to set yourself apart.''' ,'''I love a boot. It's an easy transition for all surroundings - not too casual, not too formal. You look like you're off to your engagement photos, even if you're going down to a pub with your friends afterward.''' ,'''A stereotype is that all gay men know everything there is to know about the LGBTQ community. We don't.''' ,'''I grew up in a very cultural household, but part of our culture is that we don't really take photos.''' ,'''If I think something is heinous, but the person feels amazing in it, who am I to critique it? If they think that those bell-bottom, cropped, shredded jeans look good, then good for them!''' ,'''I start with my shoes - I usually pack two pairs if I'm going away for four or five days, and I'll wear another one.''' ,'''My accent is very confused.''' ,'''I hadn't seen any people like me on TV before, and I definitely didn't want to be the first one. I didn't want that responsibility on my head.''' ,'''I was always fascinated by clothes, and I think I've had clothing in my blood for as long as I can remember.''' ,'''I believe that our show is hopefully a beacon of hope for certain people who think that they have been forgotten, that they don't have the support or representation. We're there for them and also to remind people that even though we are so divided, just a very open conversation can bridge that divide.''' ,'''I think that people assume when they meet me that I'm going to judge what they're wearing.''' ,'''I just want to say this thing about Jonathan Van Ness: I love that boy more than life itself.''' ,'''I love that Tom Daley's talking about surrogacy.''' ,'''I learned to cook when I was ten, and I could cook a whole meal for my family by thirteen - and I'm talking the chapatis as well.''' ,'''I'm an immigrant. I'm from the Middle East.''' ,'''I've never dreamt of being on TV; I had never tried to be in the entertainment business at all.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if the item isn't your favorite thing as long it fits well.''' ,'''I thought 'I, Tonya' was fantastic.''' ,'''Every man - and every woman, too - needs a white sneaker.''' ,'''Style is not fashion.''' ,'''The main must-have is a capsule wardrobe. I think it's really important that everybody, men and women, have a few items in their closets that are their go-tos. No matter what the occasion, they have something in their closets that they can go to.''' ,'''My granddad founded a manufacturing company in Northern England - a place called Bury - that manufactured denim, and one of the brands they created denim for was Disney.''' ,'''I think that we in the West expect people to adapt to our culture very, very quickly when they come to our country. But when we go over to someone else's, I don't think we are willing to meet them halfway like we expect them to meet us. I think having cultural sensitivity is a lot more important than we realize.''' ,'''I would have to say Kelly Clarkson's 'Because of You' would be the song I would associate with coming out. It's really emotive, and personally, it reminds me of my father.''' ,'''As a gay man, there are certain places that I avoid. When I go to China, I lie and pretend I'm not married, which is really sad - I leave my ring at home. But I'm not willing to risk my safety in a country that could cause me no end of problems or where it's illegal to be gay. I'm very aware of the places I can travel to safely and where I cannot.''' ,'''Each of us is living our own private journey, and the more we know about each other, the healthier and happier the world will be.''' ,'''I worked as a receptionist in England for a couple of years whilst I was building up my business. I decided to take a massive pay cut from my full-time job and work as a receptionist so I could make my own business work.''' ,'''I'm never massively concerned about what somebody is wearing, as long as it makes them feel really good about themselves.''' ,'''I do think homophobia is rife, as it always has been.''' ,'''Gay men can sometimes feel ashamed or chastised when the messaging is 'Be out and proud!' or 'Just come out.' It's not that easy. It certainly wasn't for me.''' ,'''I think Disney plays a really important part in fashion.''' ,'''I was a very private person. I never had an open social media account. So, for me to walk down the street and have people say, 'Hey, Tan!' I turn around thinking, 'Do I know you?'''' ,'''A lot of times, we forget it is our partners who we need to make the biggest effort for.''' ,'''I am sending a memo to every man in the world: just because you make an effort with your wardrobe doesn't make you a wuss.''' ,'''I went to college for fashion and, after graduating, got a job in Operations at Zara, learning the ins and outs so I could one day start my own clothing brand.''' ,'''From my vertical, people, especially men, don't realize what clothes can do for their self-esteem, the way they see themselves, their confidence.''' ,'''It's not called 'Queer Eye For the Straight Guy' now for a reason. We want to be able to help more and more people, and why wouldn't we help women, and why wouldn't we help a trans man? I want to help as many different groups as physically possible with this show.''' ,'''We have the luxury in the West of being able to say, 'Yeah, absolutely, we're progressive, we've moved forward with the gay community.' We haven't in a lot of other countries. My people from Pakistan - I know we haven't moved forward.''' ,'''I'm really loving Billie Eilish's 'idontwannabeyouanymore.' Her dreamy vocals offer such a lovely moment of escape, and there's a sophistication to the lyrics that are so surprising coming from a teen artist.''' ,'''Until my businesses really took off, my family, I think, just assumed I was selling printed T-shirts out of the back of my car. They just couldn't wrap their head around how fashion could be profitable.''' ,'''When it comes to a vintage store, we're not concerned with men's or women's. I want you to treat it like no other store. Just find stuff that you love and go for that.''' ,'''If you're not taking care of your food, your body, you're not gonna look great.''' ,'''When you're talking about people's clothes, you're also talking about their bodies. That opens up some kind of vulnerability.''' ,'''I live in Utah.''' ,'''I lived a very, very Middle Eastern life until I was in my early 20s. It was very sheltered.''' ,'''I thought I wanted to be a machinist. I thought that was the most glamorous job in the world.''' ,'''I think being fashion forward is stepping out of your comfort zone with just even a single piece - an accessory, footwear, a dress - something that shows your style but is just a bit outside of your comfort zone.''' ,'''I love a wild animal print. Not just a leopard print - I'm talking about a tiger or zebra print, too.''' ,'''As a stylist, my goal is to help people be the best version of themselves.''' ,'''I'm so sick of straight men in boardshorts. It couldn't be more unattractive.''' ,'''When your clothes aren't organized, it's even harder. You don't know what your options are. Everything is in disarray. Organization makes it so much easier to put on an outfit.''' ,'''If you can't make an effort in what you're even wearing, you're probably not going to make the effort to create a multi-million dollar company.''' ,'''Jeans can make or break a look, and if it's not a good-fitting pair, if they don't flatter your body, it doesn't matter what else you've got on - it's not going to look good.''' ,'''I love fashion and a fashion trend, if it works for me. If it doesn't, I couldn't care less about it.''' ,'''When I see a shoe, I deconstruct it in my head. It comes from spending childhood summers around my grandad's denim factory in Bury, watching the machinists turn fabric into clothes.''' ,'''I've experienced racism and homophobia my whole life, so I've trained myself to just deal with it calmly, to not cause a scene, and to find a way to calm the situation down.''' ,'''I've been to New York many times, and I've always noticed that there aren't that many French tucks around.''' ,'''You know how Oprah has her moment about bread? Mine's about boots. You could wear it to a meeting at work. You could wear it to a date.You could wear it to a wedding with a suit.''' ,'''A lot of men and women don't like to prioritize fashion.''' ,'''Every man's closet should be dark pair of blue jeans, a black jean, and a mid wash jean.''' ,'''Nobody needs an abundance of plaid.''' ,'''My statement pieces change regularly.''' ,'''I was terrified of being on camera. I was worried that whatever I would say, people would assume I'm speaking for every Muslim, every Pakistani, or every Middle Eastern person. That's a lot of pressure. But it also got me excited about what could be done, because I am a representative for people who are underrepresented.''' ,'''The right kind of floral makes you look styled and well-considered.''' ,'''Sexuality can be difficult to articulate, and we have to be patient and compassionate.''' ,'''As a kid, we got a lot of American shows - usually a New York or L.A.-based show full of glitz and glamour - and I assumed that that was what life was like in the U.S. So, when I was 17, I decided to go to America.''' ,'''Just because the office is casual doesn't mean you shouldn't make an effort.''' ,'''Yes, it's called 'Queer Eye' and there are five gay men on it, but we're also tackling real issues. The conversations we have on our show would be just as valid if they swapped us out with straight guys. What we do is important, not just because we're a niche gay show.''' ,'''Being 'out and proud' can feel like a real luxury of Western culture, where people are often white and see existing white gay people in their culture. That's a kind of privilege people don't know they possess.''' ,'''My boyfriend dumped me because I let myself go. And not just with my clothing, in every facet of life.''' ,'''Seeing guys in their most vulnerable state talking about their bodies gives me an opportunity to talk about everything. Once they open up about their appearance, then usually they are willing to open up about pretty much everything.''' ,]
+++