+++
author = "Jyoti Amge"
title = "Jyoti Amge Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Jyoti Amge Quotes"
keywords = "jyoti amge,jyoti amge quotes,jyoti amge quote,jyoti amge sayings,jyoti amge saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everybody loves me so much, they just want to carry me around. Sometimes I think to myself, 'When am I going to stand, because I'm being carried all day?'''' ,'''I don't like it if I am being held like a baby. If someone holds me normally, and I'm not being coddled, I feel much more comfortable.''' ,'''One of the problems with being famous is people mob you wherever you go. Many of them ask very irritating questions. If I were not the shortest woman in the world, I would not have become famous.''' ,'''I feel grateful to be this size; after all, if I weren't small and had not achieved these world records, I might never have been able to visit Japan and Europe and many other wonderful countries.''' ,'''The worst part about being so small is that I always have to rely on someone. I can't go anywhere on my own, so I'm always dependent. I can't run or walk too fast. If I was taller for a day, I'd just go off on my own independently.''' ,'''I'm not looking for a boyfriend - but if I was, he'd have to be prepared to carry me around everywhere.''' ,'''There is a Bollywood actor, Salman Khan, and I'd like to act alongside him - whatever the film.''' ,'''When people see me on TV, they become very happy because they don't have to interact with me. When they start interacting with me, they ask me questions like I'm a baby or treat me like I'm a baby and hold me like I'm a baby, and that's what they do wrong, really.''' ,'''Regular people should not underestimate people who are small. In every aspect, they can do the things that normal people can.''' ,'''I don't let everyone pick me up. I only let myself be picked up by whomever I want to be picked up by.''' ,'''It's hard for me to reach things. It's good I have brothers and sisters to help.''' ,'''I am proud of being small.''' ,'''I would like to be an actress in Hollywood and win an Oscar. The only difference is my height.''' ,'''People like me might be small in stature, but they can also act.''' ,]
+++