+++
author = "Captain Beefheart"
title = "Captain Beefheart Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Captain Beefheart Quotes"
keywords = "captain beefheart,captain beefheart quotes,captain beefheart quote,captain beefheart sayings,captain beefheart saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I live in a Mobile Home - I've never had a house, except once; I rented a log cabin.''' ,'''I think most people try to get others to see through their eyes.''' ,'''Johnny Rotten. He's a big fan of mine. I used to see him out in the audience in England and he'd stand up and holler. He's funny. Smart too, and a nice guy. Don't think he's a jerk because he isn't.''' ,'''But I have been in some very beautiful churches, then I've looked outside and seen people starving to death.''' ,'''I don't think artists are made, I think they're born.''' ,'''I don't look like a desert person because I stay indoors most of the day and fool around at night. That's what the desert animals do - they don't have a tan either.''' ,'''I would never kill a living thing, although I probably have inadvertently while driving automobiles.''' ,'''When I see a dolphin, I know it's just as smart as I am.''' ,'''James Brown is important because he decorates the clock correctly and he's good with lower mathematics. Don't get me wrong - he's good.''' ,'''I needed to purge myself of all the attention my parents had given me - I wasn't neglected enough as a child.''' ,'''I don't do lullabyes.''' ,'''That Sid Vicious was obviously a schizophrenic, kind of a mean one too.''' ,'''We see the moon, don't we? So it's our eye. Animals see us, don't they? So we're their animals.''' ,'''An audience can really lift you right up off the stage.''' ,'''I think Shakespeare is really the one. Words as music and music as words. Everything he wrote was good, which is really frightening.''' ,'''I don't like getting out when I could be painting. And when I'm painting, I don't want anybody else around.''' ,'''Bob Dylan impresses me about as much as... well, I was gonna say a slug but I like slugs.''' ,'''I don't know anything about music.''' ,'''The wind is a very difficult sound to get. It's always changing.''' ,'''I don't even know what sound is, much less what it's for. It isn't to make money that's for sure. I've never made any.''' ,'''You can almost judge how screwed up somebody is by the kind of toilet paper they use. Go in any rich house and it's some weird coloured embossed stuff.''' ,'''I'd never just want to do what everybody else did. I'd be contributing to the sameness of everything.''' ,'''With my voice and my band, I can do anything.''' ,'''You can tell by the kindness of a dog how a human should be.''' ,'''If you want to be a different fish, jump out of school.''' ,'''I'm interested in playing, not working.''' ,'''Most of modern rock and roll is a product of guilt.''' ,'''We're all colored, or you wouldn't be able to see anyone.''' ,'''I have no neighbours other than animals and Joshua Trees.''' ,'''I'd rather play a tune on a horn, but I've always felt that I didn't want to train myself. Because when you get a train, you've got to have an engine and a caboose. I think it's better to train the caboose. You train yourself, you strain yourself.''' ,'''The stars are matter, we're matter, but it doesn't matter.''' ,'''Man has done a lot to make himself dangerous and animals get the worst of all of it. But then, man too is an animal.''' ,]
+++