+++
author = "Vincent Janssen"
title = "Vincent Janssen Quotes"
quotes_len = "48"
description = "the best 48 Vincent Janssen Quotes"
keywords = "vincent janssen,vincent janssen quotes,vincent janssen quote,vincent janssen sayings,vincent janssen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My feeling at Feyenoord was not that good. I never felt really comfortable.''' ,'''Strikers in England get less time than in Holland, and it took me a while to get used to that.''' ,'''I can tell the crowd appreciates the way I play.''' ,'''The thing I remember most about Tottenham is when Van der Vaart played for them in the Champions League. In Holland, people follow Tottenham Hotspur.''' ,'''I'm happy to play for Spurs.''' ,'''I did not choose Tottenham for the money. Believe me, I could've gone elsewhere to earn more, even in England.''' ,'''I just hope I can give positive energy to the squad.''' ,'''I support my team-mates wherever they need it, and if someone else plays instead of me, I'm fully behind him.''' ,'''I'm a strong striker, two-footed, and I can score goals.''' ,'''In a season, every striker has some periods where he doesn't score.''' ,'''I've always felt a strong urge to prove myself.''' ,'''I think I will get plenty of playing time at Spurs - and I certainly think I can play with Harry Kane in one team.''' ,'''Every time you play more, you will improve.''' ,'''As a young player, I had to compete with Harry Kane - the top scorer of the Premier League - arguably the toughest league in the world, and a striker who is performing remains in the team.''' ,'''I want to focus on football and just go on the pitch to do my thing.''' ,'''Don't forget I had only played one season at the highest level in Holland when Spurs bought me from AZ Alkmaar.''' ,'''When I was a little child, I watched every game in the Champions League, and now I can play it for myself.''' ,'''Harry Kane? People can say what they want, but I'm not afraid of anybody.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to stand up for yourself.''' ,'''It doesn't matter, if you're on the pitch, how old you are. You have to keep going - you have to perform - and if you're 18 or 36, you have to play your games.''' ,'''I'm not going to throw the towel in just because things are not going great for the first time in my career.''' ,'''I don't look back on history. I want to look forward to the future.''' ,'''My body is strong, and I have a strong will.''' ,'''I really enjoyed my first Istanbul derby.''' ,'''One of the reasons I chose Tottenham is the way Pochettino thinks and how he plays. I really like that.''' ,'''I like to battle with defenders if I have to. I don't know where it comes from; I am not a nasty guy.''' ,'''I initially found it difficult with my role as a substitute, sometimes sitting in the stands at Spurs, but I learned to deal with it.''' ,'''I could have joined West Brom or Brighton. What would have happened had I joined one of them? I do not want to think about it. I do not think about it.''' ,'''You have to make your own destiny.''' ,'''Tottenham are a beautiful club, a traditional club in England.''' ,'''I'm not that type of guy who's going to question myself.''' ,'''To be realistic, the big Dutch clubs cannot afford me. That's not because of my wages; it's the transfer fee.''' ,'''I had the best footballing year of my life with AZ. The people I've worked with were fantastic. I can only look back on my time in Alkmaar with a positive feeling.''' ,'''You know that when you come to England, there are a lot of players who like to play a more physical game.''' ,'''I know I have missed some chances, but that's part of being a striker, and I know it's part of being a striker that when you don't score, people talk about it.''' ,'''With the Premier League, Champions League, FA Cup, and League Cup, I will play many games with Spurs. And I'm going to enjoy all the playing time I get.''' ,'''There is no bad blood between us whatsoever. I owe a lot to AZ.''' ,'''My transfer to Fenerbahce has been a kind of salvation.''' ,'''I am just Vincent, and I just accept everything that is happening in the football world around me.''' ,'''I had to make a decision: am I going to go for the football or make another choice. When you play in the Dutch second division, it's not like you can live off that for your whole life.''' ,'''After I joined Alkmaar, I didn't score for seven League games, but soon afterwards, I started to score goals.''' ,'''I sometimes train extra till four or five o'clock at the gym if I feel that I have to do something extra.''' ,'''I would have been happy to play in Holland for a big club, but I can see the point of selling me to an English club. It's very simple: Dutch clubs are not going to spend £16m on a player like me.''' ,'''At my first clubs, TOP Oss and NEC, I was the one everybody looked at and talked about, but at Feyenoord, I was one of many good players.''' ,'''For me, it was clear from the beginning that I wanted to go to Spurs.''' ,'''Koeman may have been head coach at Feyenoord, but I never felt like he was my manager, as I was in the youth team. I don't even know if he knew I was there. I don't have anything to prove to him.''' ,'''When you come off the pitch, and you have had some chances but not scored, it is difficult.''' ,'''I am jumping to put the Spurs shirt on, but I will have to prove to the coach that I deserve to play.''' ,]
+++