+++
author = "Steve Miller"
title = "Steve Miller Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Steve Miller Quotes"
keywords = "steve miller,steve miller quotes,steve miller quote,steve miller sayings,steve miller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Growing up, I was always around adult musicians who played for their entire lives. So that's what I wanted to do, and I always had that in mind.''' ,'''The truth of the matter is, things that feel spontaneous have a much longer life than things that have got a lot of burnt brain tissue to make them perfect.''' ,'''I don't even hear radio anymore.''' ,'''My father had a phenomenal knowledge of music; my mom's family were all musicians.''' ,'''There aren't that many people that cover my music. It's kind of hard to cover. Everybody always has their own spin. The only guy who didn't, I think, was Seal. It just sounded like a bad version of 'Fly Like an Eagle.'''' ,'''What I always expect to deliver to my audience is a very entertaining evening of singing and playing.''' ,'''From the minute I became aware of Jimmie Vaughan and his playing, he was one of my very favorites. So I made it my business to meet him and become friends with him - to work with him and record some of his material.''' ,'''You know, songs like 'Rock'n Me' were actually written to be played in large... for a hundred thousand people kind of gatherings. And a lot of what came out on 'Fly Like an Eagle' and 'Book of Dreams' was music that was put together to be played in big, big venues with big light shows.''' ,'''All jazz comes from blues. Blues first.''' ,'''I have my own studio. I'm in it all the time.''' ,'''Right before I moved out to San Francisco, I played in Buddy Guy's band.''' ,'''Vinyl's like a really juicy steak compared to like a kind of tough steak or something. It's really good. And once you listen to vinyl and get a chance to hear it, I think anyone will enjoy it more than they will digital.''' ,'''By 1949 I knew all the studio tricks.''' ,'''Blues is one of the most important art forms. It's an amazing music, and we don't want to lose it.''' ,'''I can walk into Tower Records, go get my box set, take out my Steve Miller credit card, and the clerk will look at me and go, 'Thanks, next.'''' ,'''Actually, I have my moments, but I don't consider myself a grumpy guy.''' ,'''I love performing, and connecting with an audience never gets old for me, but it does get old for me when my audience is just only interested in something they've already heard.''' ,'''I played American football, but I did my best work with baseball.''' ,'''I was living and working with adult men who were playing a real art form. And I had been playing blues all my life. As soon as I formed my first band, we played Jimmy Reed stuff. So it wasn't like I was a white kid who was learning the blues from B.B. King records.''' ,'''I really enjoy working with luthiers, and have a couple of really old Les Pauls and one of my original Strats that I still carry on the road.''' ,'''In some states, the population is pretty low and if 5,000 kids vote, they could completely change the political atmosphere.''' ,'''Hip-hop belongs in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. It's one of the most radical, revolutionary and reactionary music there is.''' ,'''Just trying to make my music as good as possible and to keep performing and just keep moving.''' ,'''Giving a record company an album is like giving a gangster your baby or something.''' ,'''The people at Jazz at Lincoln Center are an amazing group and have done a phenomenal job teaching kids and audiences of all ages about jazz.''' ,'''I like hooks and choruses, things people can sing to.''' ,'''Rock 'n' roll guitar came from blues guitar. It was the blues guys who first turned the amp up and started whacking on the Stratocaster and a Les Paul. It wasn't the country guys and it wasn't the white guys; it was the Blues guys. That's where the real fire is in all of this rock and roll music.''' ,'''If folks really want music in their community they can do it very cheaply. It doesn't have to be a $50 million program. All we need is just a little real estate.''' ,'''I think the audiences abroad are older and come from a more mature society. They have a different understanding of whats happening as art.''' ,'''We sold 1.5 million copies of the 'Abracadabra' album and 26,000 copies of 'Italian X-Rays.'''' ,'''My dad loved Les Paul, and I wanted to be just like that.''' ,'''I've always enjoyed Cheap Trick.''' ,'''I love the sound of vinyl best. My sweetheart and I love to put on a vinyl record, it feels and sounds so much better.''' ,'''My advice to new artists is to forget about all of this and take acting and dancing lessons and become a video star.''' ,'''I like most bands.''' ,'''Ooh Poo Pah Doo' was a monster song.''' ,'''Each time I hit the road to gig, it still feels like I'm going to summer camp.''' ,'''As soon as I understood what was going on in San Francisco, which was in 1965 and '66, I immediately left Chicago where I was working in a nightclub that was being shaken down by the mafia and the police for payments. I mean, it was a real thug world.''' ,'''I wake up every day excited to play.''' ,'''If there were 3,000 people in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, the musical education would be so much better than this little elite thing.''' ,'''When I was a kid this is what I was listening to on my car radio - Lowell Fulsom singing 'Tramp.'''' ,'''What the hell is the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and what does it do besides talk about itself and sell postcards?''' ,'''When Chuck Berry came along, what he did was more rock & roll than it was blues. It was more exciting. He was like the next step. I thought his first single, 'Maybellene,' was the greatest song in the world.''' ,'''I want to entertain my audience. I know when then come and see me play, if I don't do 'Swing Town,' 'Jet Airliner,' 'Take the Money and Run,' 'True Fine Love,' 'Fly Like an Eagle,' 'The Joker,' blah blah blah - if I don't do all those songs, they'll be extremely disappointed. I love to do them.''' ,'''The audience wants to hear 'Rock n' Me,' 'Space Cowboy,' 'Living in the U.S.A.' When you start to play something else, you can feel the interest and enthusiasm go; the steam goes out of room. They are really 'Greatest Hits' fans and that's what they want to hear. It's disappointing that it's this way in the U.S.''' ,'''Our real business is the people who come to see us play and want to hear us play, so I have a very active career.''' ,'''Generally what you see happen is these talented kids make a great album, but they don't have a chance unless they have someone working with them who has integrity. They get thrown out by MTV and radio in six weeks, and they don't get any time to grow.''' ,'''Blues has always been a huge part of my life.''' ,'''We'll go out and we'll be playing in front of 15,000 people and say, 'Hey, we're going to do three new songs from something we just recorded' and 5,000 people get up and go get a hot dog and a beer and they don't come back until they hear the opening strings of 'The Joker' or 'Fly Like an Eagle.'''' ,'''You have to know what your value is. I started learning my value when I was 12 years old.''' ,'''I've demanded respect for myself and my band and my peers, I've demanded full artistic control for my music, I advocate for artists and music education wherever I can. And I'm a nice guy.''' ,'''In 1956, I began playing in a band with Boz Scaggs.''' ,'''Journey was a jazzy jam band when they first started. They were very out there.''' ,'''I love performing, and connecting with an audience never gets old for me.''' ,'''Growing up in Dallas, my first influences on the guitar were T-Bone Walker and Les Paul. T-Bone taught me how to play lead guitar behind my head and do the splits in 1951 when I was nine.''' ,'''Very rarely can you bring someone new into a band and have them just fit perfectly, right away.''' ,'''For guitar players especially, blues is the foundation of rock and roll. You take country music and rock and roll and jazz and you mix it together, and that's my basic makeup.''' ,'''I'm sort of standing on T-Bone Walker's shoulders, Les Paul's shoulders, Lightnin' Hopkins' shoulders, Muddy Waters' shoulders, you know? And if I've inspired other people, I'm pleased. That pleases me greatly.''' ,'''The digital world is so convenient and nice, but just playing back a vinyl record is a much warmer, hotter, more present feeling.''' ,'''I've always considered myself a serious guitar player, but I haven't been really worried about whether the public thought I was. That never was part of my record sales strategy.''' ,'''When 'Joker' came out in '73, I finally got a viral hit. Every DJ who heard it played it.''' ,'''Is there one blues guy who was the most sophisticated and influential, like Duke Ellington or Louis Armstrong in jazz? Was it Muddy Waters, Little Walter, Lightnin' Hopkins, John Lee Hooker, B.B. King, Robert Johnson, or all of them? I think you have to pick all of them.''' ,'''I kind of enjoyed having people complain that I wasn't in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame more than I think I'll like being in it.''' ,'''Record companies, they're just like lemmings.''' ,'''My roots are in everything from doo-wop and blues to the Four Freshman and the Beach Boys and jazz and electronica. But it was put together in a deceptively simple package.''' ,'''My strongest message is: 'Never give your songs away. Never sign a contract you can't get out of.'''' ,'''I was born to be a musician.''' ,'''From the time I was 12 until I was 21, Chuck Berry was my favorite artist.''' ,'''Dealing with Jazz at Lincoln Center and its board of directors, who are so great, and then seeing how these Rock Hall guys operate, it's like: 'Really?' It seems like they're total amateurs when it comes to doing shows and contracts.''' ,'''I never considered myself like a pop musician or rock star, because that didn't really exist when I started.''' ,'''We have screwed with our environment. We have a culture that's going crazy, and it's all being propelled by the trillion-dollar advertising corporations.''' ,'''From a small child to right now - I mean, when I was five years old, Red Norville, Tal Farlow, Charles Mingus, Les Paul, Mary Ford, people like that were coming over to my house. So I was around professional adult mature musicians who had had big careers.''' ,'''Looking at Capitol's performance over a 22-year period, I figure they were focused three years out of the 22 I worked for them.''' ,'''I was exposed to jazz and blues and gospel and country music and rock, and I was the only kid I knew who knew about that stuff.''' ,'''I've recorded lots of projects, but just haven't bothered to release them.''' ,'''I've been blessed to work with so many wonderful musicians and engineers and friends over the years.''' ,'''I met Les Paul when I was about 5. I was taken to see him perform and the place was sold out, just packed and full of really great musicians.''' ,'''For the longest time, I was uninterested in dealing with EMI Records.''' ,'''My plan is to keep playing until I fall over.''' ,'''The Joker,' I made the album in 17 days and it was my last shot.''' ,'''It'd be really great to see the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame mature. It's a good facility there in Cleveland. I like the museum a lot.''' ,'''Basically, as everybody that has had a taste of the record business knows, they are gangsters and crooks.''' ,'''I never set out to be a rock star, I set out to be a working musician.''' ,'''I was born into a household where my aunt, grandmother and mother lived their music. They all sang harmony, and by the time I was 2, I could sing 'Row, Row, Row Your Boat' in three-part harmony.''' ,'''You better believe I'm not a pop star.''' ,'''I'm very proud of my dad.''' ,'''The record business has been so unpleasant and so bad for so long.''' ,'''Being talented was a hard way to make it. But I made it on my talent and songs.''' ,'''I play for the audience's pleasure. What I expect from them is not important; it's what they expect from me.''' ,'''There aren't very many clubs. There's no place for people to develop and play.''' ,'''I love San Francisco.''' ,'''My dad was kind of a hipster, and a doctor.''' ,'''Les Paul was my godfather.''' ,'''The way it worked was my mom came from a musical family, and my dad didn't - he was a pathologist.''' ,'''We are living in a country that has taken the short view on everything. We have sold our future.''' ,'''That's what I wanted to do was play music.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I never thought I would ever be able to make records and never really thought seriously about a musical career because a musical career was being Fabian or Frankie Avalon or something. It didn't make any sense. There wasn't any possibility to get into that world.''' ,'''I've known Chicago for 50 years; we used to play shows at the Avalon Ballroom.''' ,'''Should the Moody Blues be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? That's absurd. Of course they should be.''' ,'''It's not always about huge giant commercial success. It's about art.''' ,]
+++