+++
author = "Jennette Mccurdy"
title = "Jennette Mccurdy Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Jennette Mccurdy Quotes"
keywords = "jennette mccurdy,jennette mccurdy quotes,jennette mccurdy quote,jennette mccurdy sayings,jennette mccurdy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I personally have gone to photo shoots and see the pictures afterwards, and I don't look like me because I'm just so airbrushed and so, kind of, fake and almost plastic-looking, you know?''' ,'''They say actions speak louder than words, but actions don't speak. People speak, and people are loud.''' ,'''Meeting Johnny Depp was crazy.''' ,'''I love going to the movie theatre, seeing live comedy, and going to amusement parks.''' ,'''Once you become a celebrity, you are no longer a person, but an archetype.''' ,'''When you're the object of everyone's affection, make no mistake about it: you are an object. People don't have any interest in loving you for you. Their love for you is for who they think you are.''' ,'''The music that I've made in the past has had strong contemporary country roots, but I think moving on in music, I will branch out from that a bit.''' ,'''I'm always thinking 'Don't mess this up.'''' ,'''I just want to say thanks to everyone who has been a part of 'iCarly', and that includes the fans. Thank you for sticking with us and staying loyal for six years of the show.''' ,'''Michelle Obama. She is big on encouraging kids to eat healthy - which is great.''' ,'''Get a gym membership! If you have a membership, you're bound to go. If you say, like, 'Oh, I'll get it one day,' you're never going to do it.''' ,'''I wanted to be in 'Star Wars' when I was six years old. I asked my mom for two years, and she told me I was crazy.''' ,'''Every girls' night needs a funny movie and a good conversation about guys! My friends and I also love picking outfits out for each other to try on at slumber parties. It's so fun.''' ,'''Both 'iCarly' and 'Victorious' fans are so hardcore and intense.''' ,'''I get stressed out really easily.''' ,'''I loved shooting 'iGo to Japan' because we got to be outside a lot, and our call times were really late because we had so many night scenes. It was pouring rain, so the cast would huddle together in between takes and drink hot chocolate. Shooting that episode was such a great bonding experience.''' ,'''I would write poems and think up melodies to them later.''' ,'''Sometimes I'll let little things get to me. Or I'll make a big deal out of little things.''' ,'''Any charity that aids or supports trying to find a cure for cancer is very close to my heart. My mom had cancer multiple times, so it's something that I can relate to.''' ,'''I love figure skating, so I do that as often as I can. Other than that I just go to the gym or swim. I love swimming.''' ,'''For me, 'Sam & Cat' is cool because it's got this buddy-comedy aspect that 'iCarly' or 'Victorious' didn't have.''' ,'''I think a great way to get kids to start eating their vegetables is to get creative with them.''' ,'''I've never had a roommate, even when I was growing up.''' ,'''A cute outfit can really make your day. If I wear something I look good in, my mood just goes way up.''' ,'''I think it's really important to stay active, even when you're very busy. I know it can get hectic and hard to find time, but make that time because you owe it to yourself.''' ,'''My favorite is Steamfresh broccoli with just a hint of garlic salt.''' ,'''I feel like no one starts entertainment with an impure intention, but somewhere along the way, lines become blurred and you're no longer sure which way is up and which way is down.''' ,'''I have so many friends who just have big dreams, and they work their butts off every day to try to make these things happen, and so long as we keep that mindset and remember others, I think we'll be good.''' ,'''Being a role model is cool and a great honor. I'm grateful to be considered one and will live up to that title by encouraging kids to eat their Wheaties and brush their teeth often.''' ,'''I never shared a room growing up because I was the only girl.''' ,'''I really cherish the memories I have of my trips. For some reason, when you travel, it's like your mind picks up on the fact that this is something uncharacteristic, so it tunes in more acutely and remembers better.''' ,'''No matter who or what you support, I believe in supporting fairness first.''' ,]
+++