+++
author = "Haaz Sleiman"
title = "Haaz Sleiman Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Haaz Sleiman Quotes"
keywords = "haaz sleiman,haaz sleiman quotes,haaz sleiman quote,haaz sleiman sayings,haaz sleiman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The power of love - there's nothing more powerful than that.''' ,'''My religion is inclusivity.''' ,'''There's always something personal, no matter how big or small the story is.''' ,'''Islam believes that Jesus is a prophet, and they honour him - highly - and they respect him, and they follow his teachings. So, for me, as somebody who was raised Muslim, it is an honour to actually play Jesus, just because of that.''' ,'''I cannot speak for Jesus, but I can quote his teachings, and he said, 'Love your neighbor as yourself'... How would he react to me playing Jesus? He wouldn't judge it. He wouldn't judge his own enemy... Playing this part highlights his teaching in a very nice way.''' ,'''There are a lot of Arabs that are not Muslims. They are Christians; they are Jews. Muslim Arabs, especially in my family, are just so ecstatic that I get to play Jesus. They're so proud.''' ,'''I don't know exactly what kind of training musical theater actors get, but I never had that.''' ,'''The closest you'll get to God, ever, in your existence, is measured by how close you get to yourself. Because your connection with God is you. He created you. That is the ultimate connection you have with God is you.''' ,'''As an actor, my No. 1 focus was to be on the same page with the writer, director, and producers.''' ,'''The bigger the movies you're in, the chances are better at getting more diverse roles.''' ,'''I want people to have conversations, to have controversy because it creates dialogue and builds bridges.''' ,'''It's definitely my responsibility not to stereotype any character, but especially a gay character because of the misperceptions people still have about gays.''' ,'''Whatever it is that you are doing as an actor, if it frightens you, if you're scared of it, you need to do it.''' ,'''It's moving in the right direction for Arab actors but very slowly.''' ,'''No actor wants to be typecast, so you always want to make good, careful choices.''' ,'''In Islam, we believe Jesus is a prophet and respect him and follow his teachings and put him beside the Prophet Muhammad - a lot of people don't know that.''' ,'''God created me. And the closest I will ever get with God is this soul, this body. And if I don't have myself, if I don't listen to myself, if I don't trust myself, then I don't trust God, because God created me.''' ,'''When you trust yourself, then you trust God.''' ,'''I'm from Lebanon, and I've been exposed a lot to Syria.''' ,'''In Islam, Jesus is a prophet, and if you look at Mohammed and Jesus and Moses, it's not like Moses is better than Jesus and Jesus is better than Mohammed. They're all so highly respected and honored and followed, and they're all there for a reason.''' ,'''Jesus was a teacher, in a way. I mean, essentially, Jesus was a teacher. He was teaching people. He was helping them see themselves for what they were. He was helping them see their power, their strength, their beauty, what they're capable of.''' ,'''We all have hearts.''' ,'''Musicals look beautiful and great and fun, but man, when you're getting into it, you got to be on top of it.''' ,'''Whenever you create some sort of disturbance in the air, there's an awakening that happens, an opportunity for a conversation, an opportunity to build bridges, specifically, an opportunity to connect different groups that typically wouldn't connect with one another.''' ,'''You can't argue with the truth.''' ,]
+++