+++
author = "Jill Wagner"
title = "Jill Wagner Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Jill Wagner Quotes"
keywords = "jill wagner,jill wagner quotes,jill wagner quote,jill wagner sayings,jill wagner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always do a mental audit at the end of the week to make sure I'm balancing time between my career and my personal life.''' ,'''The beauty of where I'm from - this small little town called Wallburg, North Carolina - I didn't have a TV; I was out playing ball with my dad, shooting clay pigeons.''' ,'''I believe you should find at least two hours of every day to spend doing the things that make you happy and relieve stress. I try to wake up a little early so I have an hour to work out and try to allow at least an hour a day to hang with friends.''' ,'''It's really, really easy to make excuses as to why we can't go to the gym. If you can find time to sit in front of the TV for 45 minutes, you can find time to work out.''' ,'''Balancing is good to isolate the abs.''' ,'''At the gym, I do full-body circuits with low weights and high repetitions, as well as four or five cardio intervals thrown into the mix. I put a lot of emphasis on core strength and flexibility training. I also do a lot of running in my free time. Anytime I can move my cardio outside in the sunshine, I do.''' ,'''I don't have a type. I've dated so many different types, different personalities, different looks - from athletic to very non-athletic. The only thing I have to have is someone who is really motivated in life and challenges me. If I don't have that, I get bored.''' ,'''After four seasons of co-hosting 'Wipeout,' I have been given the opportunity to pursue new directions in my acting career, which I am very passionate about. I am extremely grateful to all those at 'Wipeout,' Endemol and ABC, who have been so supportive of me through these years.''' ,'''I eat a salad every single day. I also have been doing the juice 'thing' after every workout, and I try to drink a half-gallon of water a day.''' ,''''Wipeout' is a giant obstacle course for adults of all shapes, sizes, and ages. Whoever wins takes home $50,000 and gets to brag to all of their coworkers that they made it out alive!''' ,'''I think that people love 'Wipeout' simply because it's just plain, simple fun.''' ,'''Yeah, I shoot. I shot with my dad a little bit when I was little. He was a Marine, so it wasn't like he would take me to the ballet. We would go to a shooting range. It was the only thing he knew to teach his little girl how to do.''' ,'''When work seems like a job, I don't do it anymore. I always want it to be something I'm interested in and something that challenges me.''' ,'''I really relate to middle America, and I love bright, vibrant, unique, interesting personalities.''' ,'''People know me as 'Wipeout Girl' or 'Mercury Girl.' They never know my name, and sometimes, maybe that's a good thing.''' ,'''I keep pushing for the Crest Whitestrips thing. I get so many compliments on how white my teeth are, but I have to say it's not because of my brushing skills. It's from Crest Whitestrips, and that's the honest truth. I don't believe in going to the dentist and paying for whitening.''' ,'''My boyfriends love my dad. He's like the perfect in-law to have. In fact, if my boyfriend and I are in a fight, my dad will choose his side. Always! He loves me, but it is tough love with me.''' ,]
+++