+++
author = "Kevin Mchale"
title = "Kevin Mchale Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Kevin Mchale Quotes"
keywords = "kevin mchale,kevin mchale quotes,kevin mchale quote,kevin mchale sayings,kevin mchale saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Family, to me, is about surrounding yourself with loved ones and having them by your side, no matter what happens.''' ,'''Adaptability is crucial to working on Glee because every day is adapting to something. Because we're doing a different genre of music, doing a different type of scene with a different scene partner, recording and dance rehearsals... no day is like another.''' ,'''I want to be able to wake up and feel like, 'Eh, I feel like wearing this!' Or talking to that person. It's so much more work to have to stay in that box to fit in, 'Mean Girls' style.''' ,'''When a show becomes successful, people want to hire the people on the show for other things, and we would all try to do other things, but we could never end up doing them, so casting directors were just like, 'Enough of them! Don't touch the 'Glee' kids, because you can't use them!'''' ,'''I would love to do film someday, but I think we are all so happily in tune with 'Glee' that we are sticking with that right now.''' ,'''Everyone is insecure, especially in high school.''' ,'''I really respect certain brands, mixing and matching and having your own look regardless. Having a bold look.''' ,'''Committed and loving gay and lesbian couples deserve to have their love, their relationships, and their families recognized like everyone else.''' ,'''I am up for anything, but my favorite show in the whole world is this English series, 'Skins.' It would be awesome to be able to go on that somehow.''' ,'''High school sucks! It's hard.''' ,'''I'm scared to see myself in 3D.''' ,'''In San Paulo I went to the movies and by the time I left the theater there was a mob at the exit. I had never been in that kind of situation when we weren't on tour and there was a whole bunch of security. I'm a little dude, and out of nowhere to have 50 or 60 people come running towards me when I'm jut with my friend, it was kind of scary.''' ,'''I'm really good at not moving my legs.''' ,''''Talk to me,' it's what you say to someone to let them know you're there. Just three simple words. But saying them out loud could help save a life.''' ,'''James Morrison just had a new album come out and I think he's incredible. I'd love to work with him, his voice is insane.''' ,'''I have a sweet tooth problem. On tour, in catering, the dessert was always so good. When we started the tour I was in the best shape of my life, but by the end of it I was horrible.''' ,'''I really love when music artists like Lady Gaga or Michael Jackson wear outrageous things. Obviously, if I wore something like that I'd look like an idiot, but I really respect fashion.''' ,'''In middle school, one day this girl was like, 'One day you wore Abercrombie, and one day you wore Quicksilver.' I was like, 'Hold on... what?' I'm usually really calm, but I kind of went off on her. Because I decided to wear Quicksilver one day, you can't place me? How stupid to have to live inside that box.''' ,'''I sang before I acted, but I always wanted to do them simultaneously.''' ,'''I'd love to be Spider-Man, but one, it doesn't fit into the 'Glee' schedule.''' ,'''I've never considered myself a presenter or never really had the desire to do that, but in the U.S., what that entails is completely different to what it is on a panel show. A panel show is just a lot more fun.''' ,'''I've always supported LGBT organizations and things like that because I felt like I had a vested interest in this, where I wanted to help out.''' ,'''I would love to do more television.''' ,'''I love chocolate mousse, that's probably my favorite. I'm a big strawberry shortcake fan as well. I'm not mad at classic vanilla either. I'm not, I'm not sure what the word is. Cake discriminatory? Cakeist?''' ,'''People aren't paying to see the Kevin McHale show, they're paying to see the cast of 'Glee.'''' ,'''Towards the end, there weren't that many people watching 'Glee.' So I don't know how many people would then watch a spinoff. We're off the air for a reason.''' ,]
+++