+++
author = "Jonah Goldberg"
title = "Jonah Goldberg Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Jonah Goldberg Quotes"
keywords = "jonah goldberg,jonah goldberg quotes,jonah goldberg quote,jonah goldberg sayings,jonah goldberg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''But you're never taught in schools - we don't teach anyone in public schools that government is the problem. We don't teach anyone in college that government is the problem - except maybe a handful of sort of unique, conservative schools. But mainstream media never talks as if government is the problem.''' ,'''If we say that anyone who 'moralizes' must be perfect morally then we are in effect saying no one can moralize.''' ,'''If power made one evil, then God would be the Devil.''' ,'''Social distinctions tend to matter only at your own level and above.''' ,'''You can make a very good argument that society would be much worse off if you let 10 rapists and murderers free rather than put one poor, wrongly accused accountant in prison. And so my only point on that is that it should open up an argument. It should not sort of settle one, because nobody disagrees with it.''' ,'''The GOP needs to figure out a way to become more appealing to new constituencies.''' ,'''Our country, if you read the 'Federalist Papers,' is about disagreement. It's about pitting faction against faction, divided government, checks and balances. The hero in American political tradition is the man who stands up to the mob - not the mob itself.''' ,'''There was no intellectual movement in American history called social Darwinism. The people who were supposedly the leaders of the social Darwinist movement never embraced something called social Darwinism. It didn't exist.''' ,'''And it's the President of the United States who said he wasn't going to spike the football and all this, we shouldn't gloat about it, running campaign ads, gloating about it and saying the other guy isn't good enough to do the tough things that I did, which I think is, one reprehensible.''' ,'''Our fear of hypocrisy is forcing us to live in a world where gluttons are fine, so long as they champion gluttony.''' ,'''But if the choice is a cool president and 8 or 10 percent unemployment in a declining economy and a country that seems to be going in the wrong direction and structural unemployment for young people at 50 percent, I'd rather have a dorky president who fixed those problems.''' ,'''If you spend any time in Washington you'll find nerds. What happens is most of them sublimate their fixations with comics, or baseball cards, or 1960s British comedies to policy minutiae and political arcana. But, like Christians in ancient Rome, you can still spot them if you know the signals.''' ,'''We are a species that must try to impose and find systems - systems of thought, ways of organizing and categorizing reality.''' ,'''The problem with the United Nations is that while democracy within nations is the best available form of government, democracy among nations can be a moral disaster - especially if some nations are not democracies.''' ,'''One of the things that really drove me crazy was the way in which college kids, in particular, are educated to think that ideology is dangerous and bad.''' ,'''I think as - all in all, it's better to have a cool president than a not cool president.''' ,'''Obama did inherit a deficit when he came into office. Why this fact justifies racking up vastly more debt and bigger deficits is a logical mystery.''' ,'''The premise of my book is that everyone is a bit ideological to some extent. Everyone comes from a ideological perspective.''' ,'''I would also say Barack Obama has spent much, much, much, much more money than the Republicans.''' ,'''The main difference between liberals and conservatives is that conservatives are honest about it. We're kind of dorks about it. We are kind of like Dungeons and Dragons geeks.''' ,'''Republican politics have been off-kilter for several years now because a large segment of the conservative base does not look back fondly on the Bush presidency.''' ,'''Getting the support of Syria is the moral equivalent of winning the Klan's endorsement - it might be useful but it doesn't necessarily speak well of you.''' ,'''You know those Navy SEALs, they weren't Democrats and Republicans. They were just doing what was best for America. Wouldn't that be a great country if all of you Americans were just like that? You followed orders, you marched in step and you followed my agenda.''' ,'''But it is one of these sort of mythologies about America and its intellectual history, that the right embraced this thing called social Darwinism, when it never did so.''' ,]
+++