+++
author = "Marco Arment"
title = "Marco Arment Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Marco Arment Quotes"
keywords = "marco arment,marco arment quotes,marco arment quote,marco arment sayings,marco arment saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''With Instapaper, I can take a few months off. I can't stop publishing 'The Magazine' for two months and work on something else.''' ,'''As long as I manage investments properly and don't spend recklessly, Tumblr has given my family a strong safety net and given me the freedom to work on whatever I want. And that's exactly what I plan to do.''' ,'''People want to download publications quickly and read them without cruft. Publications that started in print carry too much baggage and usually have awful apps. 'The Magazine' was designed from the start to be streamlined, natively digital, and respectful of readers' time and attention.''' ,'''I started out from a pretty modest background, so I always had a pretty good sense of money. I always had to work for my money, save my own money, I always bought my own stuff with my money... trying not to waste money unnecessarily.''' ,'''Instapaper needs a new home where it can be staffed and grown.''' ,'''With a Web and iPhone app, I try to find new and tiny ways to delight my customers. They may not notice, but it helps drive goodwill and makes your product remarkable.''' ,'''In the modern desktop environment, with multitasking and alerts and constant activity, there are always more distractions. When you're at a computer, your hands are always on the controls.''' ,'''Instapaper is much bigger today than I could have predicted in 2008, and it has simply grown far beyond what one person can do. To really shine, it needs a full-time staff of at least a few people.''' ,'''With Betaworks' drive and resources now behind it, I'm confident that Instapaper has a very bright future. I'm looking forward to seeing what they can do.''' ,'''Instapaper does support paywall sites. I have a list of them, that when someone saves something it sends a copy of the page as they are viewing it only to them. If you subscribe to a paid site, you can save the content. I'm not really touching the money.''' ,'''One reason I love the Kindle, more so than the iPad, is that on the Kindle you can't do anything else but read. It's the best, because it does the least. It doesn't even show a clock.''' ,'''I don't even like being quoted in a press release.''' ,'''Apple already had everyone's billing information from iTunes... you could buy things just by typing in your password... That, for the first time, brought very, very easy payment to the modern software world. That, more than anything, is why there is a business for paid apps.''' ,'''I've worked with many large and small publishers, and nearly all of them love the value that Instapaper provides to their readers.''' ,'''People love information. Right now in our society, we have an obesity epidemic. Because for the first time in history, we have access to food whenever we want, we don't know how to control ourselves. I think we have the exact same problem with information.''' ,'''Instapaper wouldn't be of as much value if it weren't for these mobile and e-reader devices. They give you a separate physical context for reading.''' ,'''Programmers work in bursts of productivity. Then, they let the brain rest and get back into it. A lot about the office world is not a great fit for me.''' ,'''I've done everything from stocking shelves at a natural food co-op, to baking bagels at Brueggers and bussing tables. Then I realized that jobs suck, but if you could get up at 6 A.M. and bake your own breakfast, that is very satisfying.''' ,]
+++