+++
author = "Karl Lagerfeld"
title = "Karl Lagerfeld Quotes"
quotes_len = "155"
description = "the best 155 Karl Lagerfeld Quotes"
keywords = "karl lagerfeld,karl lagerfeld quotes,karl lagerfeld quote,karl lagerfeld sayings,karl lagerfeld saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''No one wants to see curvy women.''' ,'''Pfft, I hate Christmas Day. It's for children and families. Not for people like me.''' ,'''I think for my bones and my size, I better stay with my 60 kilo.''' ,'''I admire people who destroy themselves.''' ,'''I'm not very gifted for hairdos. I don't like gel and all those products.''' ,'''I could speak three languages when I was six, and when I went to school, I only liked to read and sketch. At five, I could write and everything.''' ,'''I sleep seven hours. If I go to bed at two, I wake up at nine. If I go to bed at midnight, I wake up at seven. I don't wake up before - the house can fall apart, but I sleep for seven hours.''' ,'''No, I never thought I would like cats.''' ,'''No, I'm not a French designer either. I'm from nowhere. I'm a European, old European is all I am.''' ,'''Greece needs to work on a cleaner image. It's a big problem, as they have this reputation of being so corrupt.''' ,'''I don't take showers at night, because I take a bath when I wake up. Then I go to bed on the most beautiful Egyptian-cotton antique sheets in the world.''' ,'''I hated to be treated as a child. I thought it was the worst situation.''' ,'''My favorite kitchen was the Japanese and the Italian kitchen.''' ,'''I don't want to look sloppy, because then I feel sloppy.''' ,'''Stupidly it should not be. It should be also nice. One must get along with that. Is however not necessary.''' ,'''I like today and perhaps a little future still, but the past is really something I'm not interested in. So, as far as I'm concerned, I like only the past of things and people I don't know. When I know, I don't care because I knew how it was.''' ,'''I don't speak Spanish, I speak a little of Italian but no Spanish.''' ,'''I do my job like I breathe.''' ,'''What I like about music is the songs you can remember the lines of in a single second.''' ,'''I wanted to become a cartoon artist, a portrait artist, and an illustrator. This was my first idea.''' ,'''One day it will be over, and I don't care.''' ,'''I never go anywhere. I do sketches and make phone calls, and people visit. It's more fun to come to Paris.''' ,'''I think tattoos are horrible. It's like living in a Pucci dress full-time.''' ,'''I hardly went to school.''' ,'''I never played with anything like toys.''' ,'''I'm all self-taught. I never had a teacher. Even for English, and French, and German, I hardly went to school.''' ,'''I can hardly eat meat because it has to look like something what it was not when it was alive.''' ,'''A collection is not just one basic idea. It comes from something that is in the air, something you suddenly like and put down on paper and then work out.''' ,'''I'm lucky to work in the most perfect of conditions.''' ,'''100 percent a huge fan of Beyonce. If I see her, I will faint. I've met her before. I just get really nervous and quiet - I just shut up and bow down.''' ,'''I've only wanted paper and beautiful colors. It was my dream, and it still is my dream. And books. They're all I need, and the rest I can do without.''' ,'''I eat fish, three times a week meat, and if not yogurt, something like this and it rarely continues.''' ,'''No. I mean those people really did something for designers I don't think department stores can, could or should do still today. Today the world is different so you have to make it differently. There's TV. There's a lot of things.''' ,'''Doing collections, doing fashion is like a non-stop dialogue.''' ,'''I'm kind of fascist with myself, you know.''' ,'''Foreigners don't want to invest any more in France - and this is not working.''' ,'''Bears are very nice, as long as you are nice to them.''' ,'''The iPod completely changed the way people approach music.''' ,'''I don't eat bubble gum, but I like the smell.''' ,'''I worked out a lot before I was 20. I was hard underneath. I had just a little padding. I was quilted. Always Chanel.''' ,'''Beauty is also submitted to the taste of time, so a beautiful woman from the Belle Epoch is not exactly the perfect beauty of today, so beauty is something that changes with time.''' ,'''You have to like the present; if not your life becomes secondhand, if you think it was better before. Or that it will be better in the future.''' ,'''But if I have a lot of imagination, I could tell myself whatever I wanted, you know. I handle myself quite well. I'm kind of fascist with myself, you know. There's no discussion. There is an order. You follow it.''' ,'''When I was a child I asked my mother what homosexuality was about and she said - and this was 100 years ago in Germany and she was very open-minded - 'It's like hair color. It's nothing. Some people are blond and some people have dark hair. It's not a subject.' This was a very healthy attitude.''' ,'''I don't look at my old work. I mean, they made nice books; the books were made without me, the one from last year and the one from this year. I - personally, I'm not interested in my own past. I'm only interested in today - perhaps tomorrow.''' ,'''I was always told as a child by my mother that you always have to be impeccable, even when you go to bed.''' ,'''I'm not a marketing person. I don't ask myself questions. I go by instinct.''' ,'''I love to watch times change!''' ,'''I'm not an employee who goes to the office every morning at the same time. Then, vacations are needed.''' ,'''There will be gay couples; it will exist. It is not very nice that people who are married - who divorce in three seconds - don't want protection for the others. The legal system should protect everyone, not just the few people who think they are above everybody else because they are married.''' ,'''Everyone wants to know and hopes I retire so they can get the jobs. But my contracts with Fendi and Chanel are lifelong.''' ,'''Music is part of the life of fashion, too.''' ,'''Personally, I don't wear fur.''' ,'''I've done many ads because that's my new career. It's an inspiring extension for my mind.''' ,'''Everything I say is a joke. I am a joke myself.''' ,'''I'm a working-class person, working with class.''' ,'''Some people would like me to be round again.''' ,'''I have my permanent muses and my muses of the moment.''' ,'''Everything has changed, and nothing has changed more than the world of fashion.''' ,'''People can drink with their eyes; I can eat with my nose.''' ,'''I am like a TV antenna. I catch everything that is in the air, and then I do it my way.''' ,'''I'm German in my mind, but from a Germany that doesn't exist any more.''' ,'''I would like to be a one-man multinational fashion phenomenon.''' ,'''Vanity is the healthiest thing in life.''' ,'''I always loved advertising. If I hadn't been in fashion, I'd have been in advertising.''' ,'''Mostly I stay at home from the morning until 5 P.M., and I only go out for fittings and shoots because I work at home. I like to be alone.''' ,'''It's only I have seen enough of it and the funny thing is now, I know that I'm skinny, because I know there are even smaller clothes in the store. I think I'm big, when I was big, I never thought about it.''' ,'''If I were a woman, I would love to have lots of kids. But for men, I don't believe in it.''' ,'''Fortunately there is more wealth in the world than there was at the time of the global economic crisis of 1929 - Chinese, Indian, Arab and Russian.''' ,'''I don't have any stress. I'm very lucky. I live a very healthy life.''' ,'''I spent my childhood in the country and started reading even before going to school. There was nothing else in my life but sketching and reading.''' ,'''Yes, and I can sit down on a white piece of paper and work because I don't believe too much into inspiration, only I'm waiting for inspiration, work and then inspiration may come. It's a little too easy to say that.''' ,'''I never smoked. I never drank and I never took drugs. The funny thing is, nothing is more boring, people like this. For me, it's OK. But most of my friends, at least they smoke and drink.''' ,'''I never - you know also one of the things that would save me for a man my age, it was not that easy to lose that much weight and fall down and look like something draped.''' ,'''The brain is a muscle, and I'm a kind of body-builder.''' ,'''I eat next to nothing.''' ,'''I hate the past - especially my own past.''' ,'''What I enjoy most is doing something I've never done before.''' ,'''I can tell you all kinds of moral tales, but fashion and reality are vaguely different.''' ,'''Clothes if they are not well cut, you can kill nobody. A building poorly built can kill people. It's a much more difficult work. I would not compare myself with that.''' ,'''I think it's horrible that people have to be told. Don't smoke! Everybody knows it's bad for the health. But they have to forbid it.''' ,'''There are less than 1 per cent of anorexic girls, but there more than 30 per cent of girls in France - I don't know about England - that are much, much overweight. And it is much more dangerous and very bad for the health.''' ,'''For me, New York is comfortable, not strange.''' ,'''My mother did not like children.''' ,'''I prefer to be in a video than to play with it.''' ,'''My hair is not really white; it's kind of grayish, and I don't like the color. So I make it totally white with Klorane dry shampoo. That is the best thing to do because my hair is always clean.''' ,'''I have no human feelings.''' ,'''I have moved to a smaller house in Paris, and I don't fancy having so much staff now.''' ,'''I'm an iPod person.''' ,'''The importance of logo into today's fashion is un! be! Lievable!''' ,'''I drink Diet Coke from the minute I get up to the minute I go to bed.''' ,'''I'm a total puritan, but I found Jacques' adventures amusing. We couldn't be further apart. I am a Calvinist toward myself and totally indulgent toward others.''' ,'''Is there a way to design a room in my house where I float around? I would quite enjoy that. It's nuts.''' ,'''My opinion can be completely different after a show.''' ,'''I am never satisfied with myself and that is what keeps me going - I have no post-satisfaction.''' ,'''If you're in this business and you are scared, then you better do something else.''' ,'''I like the language in Proust but not the context.''' ,'''I am not a second option person. It is that or nothing. If it is not the way I see it I prefer not to see it.''' ,'''I like the discipline of well-cut, impeccable clothes. I think it's a very healthy discipline.''' ,'''I'm totally myself.''' ,'''In my day, there were no vet video games.''' ,'''In a meat-eating world, wearing leather for shoes and clothes and even handbags, the discussion of fur is childish.''' ,'''There was a moment when designers draped in ermine would be reading Proust, or pretending to.''' ,'''I have now exactly the same weight I had when I was 18, 20.''' ,'''Bling is over. Red carpet covered with rhinestones is out. I call it 'the new modesty.'''' ,'''Don't overact the story of your name. Overact the story of your work.''' ,'''I'm born with a pencil in my hand. I did lots of sketching.''' ,'''Paris by night is a nightmare now. It is not a cliche anymore.''' ,'''Start your diet during a period of optimism and happiness.''' ,'''I can do whatever I want.''' ,'''Buy clothes the size you want to wear.''' ,'''Work is making a living out of being bored.''' ,'''I wanted to become an illustrator as a child.''' ,'''Nothing scares me more than people with some doll collection.''' ,'''Why should I stop working? If I do, I'll die and it'll all be finished.''' ,'''What I love best in life is new starts.''' ,'''I don't do meetings.''' ,'''It would have been difficult to have an ugly daughter.''' ,'''No, and I never, ever eat in between the meals. I control it well enough and with no pills, and I sleep seven hours a night. I go to bed. I fall asleep, and I wake up seven hours later, and this is the most important.''' ,'''You cannot be creative with people around you.''' ,'''I believe in sketching because there is something very sensitive in sketching, you know, in sketches that you don't have out of a computer that looks the same like everybody even if, later on, the dresses are OK, but I like to sketch, and I like to see trails made after my sketches that look the same. It is you know, what I like.''' ,'''My childhood was endless - from eight to 18 felt like hundreds of years.''' ,'''The way I talk is bizarre.''' ,'''I had nearly finished school because I was making effort not that bad on that. But there was a law in Germany after the war. You could not make your final examination before 18, so lots of people who were late because of the way had to do it first.''' ,'''I never drink anything hot; I don't like hot drinks, very strange.''' ,'''I didn't play with other children.''' ,'''I'm not a fortune-teller.''' ,'''I can no longer walk in the street. That's over.''' ,'''I don't want to be on the Internet.''' ,'''Yes, some people say to me you're too skinny, but never a skinny person says that to me, only people who could lose a few pounds say that.''' ,'''The story with anorexic girls - nobody works with anorexic girls. That has nothing to do with fashion.''' ,'''I never fall in love.''' ,'''In France there are, I think, less than one per cent of people who are too skinny.''' ,'''What I hate is nasty, ugly people.''' ,'''Black-and-white always looks modern, whatever that word means.''' ,'''There are so many people in the world who cannot read English or French or whatever.''' ,'''Oh yes, I love to do shoes. I'm not a fetishist but I love to do shoes.''' ,'''My job is to bring out in people what they wouldn't dare do themselves.''' ,'''Who buys French cars? Not me.''' ,'''I love dogs, but dogs, you have to be in the country with dogs. I cannot walk a dog on the street.''' ,'''There's something boring about people who have to go to an office for a living.''' ,'''I don't know what 'normal' means, anyway.''' ,'''I don't care if people I admire criticize me because their opinion is valuable to me.''' ,'''People like me were supposed to be into exclusivity, unapproachable. That's what I hate most. I think it's very demode.''' ,'''I make such big efforts to forget things and I can't tell the story of my life because, thank God, I'm still living it.''' ,'''The first thing I do when I get up, I have breakfast.''' ,'''I have more friends in New York than Paris.''' ,'''T-shirts for ten dollars are even more fashion today than expensive fashion.''' ,'''If there's something dangerous, sauces are dangerous for the body.''' ,'''I never look at my watch when I'm sketching!''' ,'''I like to do things quickly because I'm easily bored.''' ,'''Don't dress to kill, dress to survive.''' ,'''I never had to learn English, French and German because I was brought up as all three languages. I had a private French teacher before I even went to school. That helped a lot.''' ,'''I'm always relaxed.''' ,'''I'm like a rock singer with one-night stands on the road.''' ,]
+++