+++
author = "Laura Dekker"
title = "Laura Dekker Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Laura Dekker Quotes"
keywords = "laura dekker,laura dekker quotes,laura dekker quote,laura dekker sayings,laura dekker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A house is kind of scary.''' ,'''It was really weird dealing with the media. I had no idea how to handle it.''' ,'''I grew up sailing in the North Sea.''' ,'''I'm still not used to the idea of being the youngest circumnavigator.''' ,'''When I'm not surfing or sailing, I am to be found at the harbour working on my boat.''' ,'''I love my parents. But they have their life, and I have mine.''' ,'''All the media are horrible.''' ,'''Over a period of 11 months, I was constantly afraid that Youth Care would lock me up. It was all a frightening and traumatic experience. So often, these terrible memories come to me. I can't ignore them.''' ,'''My parents have sailed around the world; they know what can happen and that it's not always fun, but because I want to do it so much, they agreed and supported me.''' ,'''In England, I met a couple who run a children's home. They were very kind and showed me many nice spots in England.''' ,'''I am not going to say much about the film 'Maidentrip,' but I won't be representing it, as I am not fully standing behind it.''' ,'''As soon as I get on my boat, something inside me changes. Then I really feel what living is.''' ,'''As a 13-year-old girl, it was never my intention to be the center of world news.''' ,'''I was four when I first stood at the helm on my own.''' ,'''I follow my own head. And if I'm determined to do something, then I'll make sure that I make it happen.''' ,'''Since I was 10 years old, I knew I wanted to sail around the world.''' ,'''I really like boats. If you want to go somewhere, you just take your house with you.''' ,'''At sea, I feel comfortable and I come to rest.''' ,'''I do not often get lonely, and I never get bored.''' ,'''I want simply to learn about the world and live freely.''' ,]
+++