+++
author = "Paul Nassif"
title = "Paul Nassif Quotes"
quotes_len = "68"
description = "the best 68 Paul Nassif Quotes"
keywords = "paul nassif,paul nassif quotes,paul nassif quote,paul nassif sayings,paul nassif saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As a plastic surgeon, I know the skin better than anybody because I see it in all the different layers.''' ,'''You take a tube of the patient's blood, extracting platelet-rich plasma, or PRP, from it. It's yellow in color, but it does all kinds of good things for the body: It speeds up healing, fills out the face. I spray it into wounds and use it in rhinoplasty.''' ,'''Skincare is what's going to help you look fresh, plumped, and toned.''' ,'''Hot and humid weather leads to sweat, which takes a longer time to evaporate, and combining that with harsh cleansers isn't exactly a party for your skin. Try a gentle cleanser but something tough enough to remove pore-clogging debris.''' ,'''Without naming names, I definitely think that celebrities nowadays are really having better surgery. It's looking a lot more natural than ever which is really great.''' ,'''If someone overdoes fillers or Botox, and many months have passed, they'll start looking more natural, like Dr. Dubrow.''' ,'''I was a hard person to deal with as a patient.''' ,'''A solid moisturizing routine can do so many beneficial things for your complexion.''' ,'''Everyone is taking selfies. Everyone's actually getting that - looking at themselves and they filter. Now if they do a little filtering, it's OK because they want to look like a better version of themself. Overdoing it though can be a little bit more of that dysmorphic issue where it's not a good thing.''' ,'''I've had my nose done a bunch of times.''' ,'''I've lost about 19 pounds, and I do two things. One: calorie counting - calorie in and calorie out, that's No. 1. Two: working out six days a week.''' ,'''Well, the Brazilian butt lifts are dangerous.''' ,'''You have to take care of your skin.''' ,'''I look good. I lost a lot of weight.''' ,'''When on the show it is mostly reconstructions that I work on, but locally and on a day-to-day basis it is rhinoplasties. I also get a lot of people coming to me about upper eyelid lifts, too.''' ,'''I still ponder what gets in people's minds and souls, why they do the things they do.''' ,'''Most celebrities are not going to admit they had work done.''' ,'''This is something we're seeing more, especially with patients from outside of this country. They love body modification, they love having things done that we don't do in this country. For example, putting pubic hair on your eyelashes. What practitioner in this country would do something that ridiculous?''' ,'''I had my nose done four times. I've had a little bit of filler before, a little bit of Botox before. So I have been a patient, not in my own hands, obviously.''' ,'''The weirdest thing I've seen is someone who was a male, and he changed one half of his face to be female.''' ,'''On the Housewives I was real chunky. In person I don't look that fat.''' ,'''Some people are on their darn computers all day long.''' ,'''Every patient of mine who undergoes surgery has to see a psychologist first.''' ,'''When it comes to Sun Protection Factor, SPF, the higher, the better. Usually, between 30 and 50 is best.''' ,'''Appearing on TV as a plastic surgeon showcases your talents and that increases demand. We're very busy. The negative thing is that sometimes patients think you can work magic, which, of course, you cannot.''' ,'''When the Pledge of Allegiance, the songs of this country, anything is played - we should be standing up. Hand over our hearts. Saluting, if you're in the military... That's the way I feel about it. And, that's what I think everybody should do including all the NFL players.''' ,'''I'm not the typical doctor that gives patients what they want. I don't do that. I try to give them what I want as long as they're okay with that. I know what's going to match their face.''' ,'''I get a call from my sister. They go, 'We met the funniest, funniest doctor in Newport Beach.' And they introduced me to Dr. Terry Dubrow.''' ,'''The excess skin, especially in my neck, was driving me crazy.''' ,'''It would be very interesting to travel across the world.''' ,'''I'm glad to be a part of 'Botched' and I'm thankful for the opportunity.''' ,'''When a patient comes in for a face lift, I can get in there and lift up the deep tissue. But, one thing I cannot fix with surgery or these hands is the skin.''' ,'''Everybody out there should watch 'Botched.'''' ,'''Stay hydrated. Make sure you're wearing some protection. Do weekly masks, exfoliating masks. Keep your skin hydrated.''' ,'''I am a tremendous fan of the HydraFacial treatment and am thrilled to have developed my Hydraglucan Intense Hydration Booster exclusively for use with the HydraFacial system.''' ,'''Everyone is filtering their selfies to make them look perfect. We're seeing it more and more in my clinic - patients want to look like a photo they've tweaked. They show me the picture and say: 'This is the new me.' But many times it's not realistic.''' ,'''I chose a specialty in plastic and reconstructive surgery because it's very rewarding to watch someone with broken bones or bad scars return to normal.''' ,'''We show some more complicated cases. We show problems with fillers that were injected into the nose and the complications that caused. We show dog bites to the nose and the face and the reconstruction. There are some interesting stories, but they're more of learning lessons.''' ,'''The phrase 'All is fair in love and war' must have been penned by a divorce attorney.''' ,'''There's no danger to suddenly stopping fillers or Botox.''' ,'''First of all, you want to make sure you find a doctor that is a board-certified specialist in whatever that field is - whatever it is - whether it's plastic surgery, facial plastic surgery, ocular plastic surgery, brain surgery, whatever it is. And two, if they do a procedure, you want to make sure they do a lot of it.''' ,'''Your skin is a barrier that protects you from environmental aggressors like pollution, bacteria and moisture loss.''' ,'''You can actually take a weekend course in cosmetic surgery.''' ,'''To make any endeavor successful, you have to put that time and energy into something and work long hard days. Whether it's on the weekends or at night. You have to be constantly looking to improve things.''' ,'''Pumping parties are when you go to someone's residence but obviously not in a medical office and have whatever injected into your face and your body.''' ,'''I am not close minded at all to having more children.''' ,'''Don't smoke - nicotine and tobacco can really hurt your skin.''' ,'''People will take a picture of themselves and start looking at themselves and decide their neck looks weird. They see a celebrity selfie and wonder how she looks so good, and why her lips look so big.''' ,'''Some alternative medicines work when the instructions are followed. But I always recommend seeing a medical professional.''' ,'''Most peoples work ethnic tends to be OK, but not fantastic.''' ,'''I see the skin from the inside out when I'm operating on it - I can see the dehydration and the abuse.''' ,'''Continuing to expose the children to my and Adrienne's dysfunctional and volatile relationship is causing harm to the children.''' ,'''Obviously everyone's weight fluctuates. But I'm focusing on working out and watching what I'm eating.''' ,'''Obviously it's always hard when you tell a patient you can't help them, because maybe it's a physical constraint with the surgery, but in regards to telling a patient that they're not realistic and they're not appropriate psychological candidates, we're pretty used to it.''' ,'''Having nasal surgery while you're an active boxer is like breast surgery, a lift right before you have kids. What's the point?''' ,'''Performing unconsented surgeries is considered battery because the patient can't voice their opinion - they're unconscious.''' ,'''The celebrities that really protect their skin and look great, whether they're wearing makeup or not, are Reese Witherspoon, Jessica Alba and Jessica Chastain.''' ,'''The hardest procedures are the complex nasal reconstructions. With these you have to be so careful, because the skin of the nose can be very destroyed and turns black and can fall off. It's extremely difficult and scary.''' ,'''The younger folks, the Gen Z-ers and millennials, might abuse their skin a little bit, and because they're so young they aren't intentionally taking care of their skin to protect it in the long run.''' ,'''I think with social media and men wanting to look good - since honestly a lot of the older men are going out with younger women - they do want to use Botox.''' ,'''You know when people overdo it... and their breasts are way too large or they overdo their face, I mean, that's what gives plastic surgery a bad name.''' ,'''Kim Kardashian buttocks are very popular. However, that's dangerous as it can be fatal if done badly.''' ,'''The demands of a busy lifestyle can create dehydrated tired skin that needs a skin system to return the dermis to a youthful appearance.''' ,'''Dry skin is unhappy, damage-prone skin, so apply a product to protect it from summertime drying agents like sunburns, salt and chlorine.''' ,'''There's a lot of different countries and they do a great job with plastic surgery tourism.''' ,'''In all of life, I've never heard of a C-section where a scalpel goes too deep and actually slices into the baby's forehead. Or even touches the baby's forehead.''' ,'''I have three boys right now. Obviously, I would love a girl. But we're going to see what happens naturally.''' ,'''Every day, before you start, especially if you are going to wear sunscreen, you have to exfoliate.''' ,]
+++