+++
author = "Lesley Ann Warren"
title = "Lesley Ann Warren Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Lesley Ann Warren Quotes"
keywords = "lesley ann warren,lesley ann warren quotes,lesley ann warren quote,lesley ann warren sayings,lesley ann warren saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have come far, but not far enough. It is still a man's world.''' ,'''I know that some people work differently, but I have to work from the inside out. It doesn't matter how big the character is, there has to be a truthful core.''' ,'''Good work is good work wherever it is.''' ,'''Human beings have to create hope. They have to. You have to have something you hold onto as being a possibility. Otherwise, why go on?''' ,'''I was terrified, terrified in 'Songwriter,' because there I was, New York Jewish girl, singing country-western onstage with Kris Kristofferson and Willie Nelson. I mean, forget it. I was so terrified.''' ,'''The truth is, I would do anything for Alan Rudolph. If he asked me to stand on my head and spit wooden nickels, I would. I love him. I loved working with him.''' ,'''I've been a character actress right from the beginning. I was no more like 'Cinderella' in my real life than I was like the neurotic poet in 'Cop.'''' ,'''You have to be really willing to embrace life and life's turns, and play that for your audience, because there is value in every moment of that journey.''' ,'''I'm a gigantic musical film fan.''' ,'''Trust your own instincts, go inside, follow your heart. Right from the start. go ahead and stand up for what you believe in. As I've learned, that's the path to happiness.''' ,'''I came from the musical stage. My first show was '110 In The Shade.' I started as a ballet dancer and then sort of gravitated toward musical theater, so any time I got asked to sing or dance, it was a joy for me.''' ,]
+++