+++
author = "Sudeep"
title = "Sudeep Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Sudeep Quotes"
keywords = "sudeep,sudeep quotes,sudeep quote,sudeep sayings,sudeep saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think that being a simple person suits me.''' ,'''There is no formula for success. All you need to do is put in your best and be blessed with some good luck as well.''' ,'''People connect with my films because they are honest and simple.''' ,'''For me, it all started with 'Phoonk' around 2008 and then I landed a couple of more films and then came 'Makkhi.'''' ,'''If you aren't respected by someone, how can the friendship with them be valued?''' ,'''I am a wonderful cook and I like hanging out with people.''' ,'''I am not someone who will move away from home.''' ,'''I used to play a lot of cricket at the junior level. Then I did my engineering and got interested in singing and playing the guitar. Yes, I'm a musician. From music it was a step away from cinema.''' ,'''If I utter one lie, I'll have to remember it the next time someone asks me about it. It's far simpler to state the truth.''' ,'''I am from Shivamogga.''' ,'''I have no inhibitions.''' ,'''I am very jovial. I don't like to be serious.''' ,'''The day an actor is not required, the day no one is writing for you, is when you're actually dead... That's a very scary moment.''' ,'''If I want to stay at home watching movies, I do that. If I want to take my bike out and go on a one-month holiday, I do that. To do all these things, it's first of all important for me to realise that I need to live my life.''' ,'''I have never tried to impress anyone, including my parents.''' ,'''You always carry a character when you come on screen.''' ,'''Manchu Manoj is like a kid brother to me.''' ,'''Thanks to 'Eega,' people respect me as actor. That abundance of respect is what pulls me towards cinema.''' ,'''It's not that parents expect a lot from their kids, except, maybe 5-10 minutes of time in a day spent on something as simple as small talk.''' ,'''As we grow up, either we lose people or have a lot of them around us. I have seen many people who are isolated in their old age.''' ,'''It was my mother's dream that I should work with a legendary actor like Amithabh Bachchan. I am happy that it has materialised now.''' ,'''I cannot match with anything for the love and affection fans extend.''' ,'''I am not competing with anyone. I am competing with myself. When I wake up every day I am only worried about how I can better myself.''' ,'''Caste hasn't been a part of creative thoughts and it never will be.''' ,'''Telugu and Tamil actors have been so open-hearted and warm in welcoming me to be part of their industries. This appreciation from such people means a lot to me.''' ,'''I have worked out with Salman Khan. He trains like an animal. He trains really hard.''' ,'''Mistakes happen because so many minds work on one film.''' ,'''As for me, it is interesting to play a role that is not human; it is nice to be all powerful without fancy action scenes. But, it is not funny to play God, even on film. You don't speak much and just smile beatifically.''' ,'''The divorce does not translate into any change in the way my daughter and I connect. She is very special to me. She is my only daughter and I love her very much. She is my priority and I will always be there for her.''' ,'''My fans do guarantee me a good opening on the day my film releases. So the responsibility is more on me on doing quality work.''' ,'''Somehow I feel South Indian actors are not that well known in the Hindi belt. Tamil and Telugu actors have an upper hand. But Kannada and Kerala are totally sidelined by Hindi filmgoers.''' ,'''I make sure I do only audience-friendly films that can be watched with children and the elderly crowd.''' ,'''As far as cinema is concerned, I want to do something huge. I want to be recognised everywhere I go.''' ,'''During the making of 'The Villain,' I had put on some weight.''' ,'''Bigg Boss' is all about human emotions, it's not a formatted show.''' ,'''I think working with Amitabh Bachchan in a film is an achievement for me.''' ,'''Not just in films, even in life, if you choose to live in a space that is comfortable, you'll do fine.''' ,'''I prefer to be a good human being rather than a good character on screen.''' ,'''I like challenges.''' ,'''Experience helps you do better in your work.''' ,'''My fans are there because of my work, because of the films that I did. They are my assets.''' ,'''Climax shoot for 'Dabangg3' has been very hectic yet a great experience.''' ,'''I'm delighted at the warm reception in Tamil and Hindi cinema despite the fact that I am from Karnataka.''' ,'''In politics, when you wake up, you can make out who belongs to which party. In cinema, you cannot make out who belongs where. Everybody looks like your friend.''' ,'''I don't want easy success. It's boring.''' ,'''I'm a very moody guy and I need good scripts which excite me.''' ,'''It is a challenge to direct any film.''' ,'''I used to work in a clothes store, played cricket for money, did photo shoots. It was that period of struggle which gave me the experience to be an actor. The emotions have to come from the raw material of life.''' ,'''I have always been into all kinds of sports, and have blended acting with sports.''' ,'''I don't think you can protect anything in your life, let alone your image.''' ,'''My father is a hotelier in Karnataka. There're no actors in my family.''' ,''''Rann' is a new genre to me, a new experience and it is very special.''' ,'''I've been in cinema long enough to know what I want.''' ,'''I was introduced to Amitabh Bachchan by Ram Gopal Varma. He said 'Hello Sudeep' and I just said 'Hi, sir.'''' ,'''Personally, as a filmmaker, I think you should prepare your audience as to what they can expect.''' ,'''I don't believe in stardom; it is like a relationship. Today it is with you, tomorrow it might go to someone else.''' ,'''I have never really been into working out at the gym, or been the kind who maintained a certain physique.''' ,'''The pressure of success is suffocating.''' ,'''Ram Gopal Varma cannot have a genre at all. He creates genres.''' ,'''Bigg Boss Kannada' manages to surprise me every season with the innovations in the concept and introduction of numerous entertainment avenues, not only for the housemates and viewers of the show but also for myself.''' ,'''You have to define growth to yourself. If you ask yourself what you want, and if the answers are big, then you have to work towards it.''' ,'''I like to be with people who laugh and are positive.''' ,]
+++