+++
author = "Kiki Smith"
title = "Kiki Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Kiki Smith Quotes"
keywords = "kiki smith,kiki smith quotes,kiki smith quote,kiki smith sayings,kiki smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I got into animals by drawing hair follicles. I liked drawing hair, and from that I got into feathers and fur, then into images of animals. The patterning is the same, but the proportions of the body change from one animal to the next. A lot of it is just geometry and consciousness.''' ,'''You can have fantasies about having control over the world, but I know I can barely control my kitchen sink. That is the grace I'm given. Because when one can control things, one is limited to one's own vision.''' ,'''I didn't start to be an artist myself until I was 24.''' ,'''I like Betsy Ross as a model, too, the quilting bee, sitting around with your friends making art, asking what they think, so that you get the benefit of everyone's opinions and so it's not just about you in your you-dom.''' ,'''As a child I prayed that my calling be revealed - but not with expectation and not with a destination. I became an artist because I didn't know what to do and I thought it was really fun to make things.''' ,'''I always say I'm Catholic - but a cultural Catholic. I wouldn't say I'm a spiritual person, although I pray every day.''' ,'''I think a lot of making art is listening to yourself.''' ,'''My iPhone has changed my life - I spend hours taking photos of the sidewalk as I walk down the street. I like the casualness, that it's low-resolution.''' ,'''Many people don't have relationships to their siblings in adulthood, or they have superficial ones. It's sort of unfashionable, particularly in America, to be close to your family.''' ,'''Artists live in unknown spaces and give themselves over to following something unknown.''' ,'''Prior to my father's death, I was having a hard time committing to a career as an artist, but that's not because of who he was - it was because of who I am. It's true, though, that I felt I shouldn't compete with him, and that those feelings went away after he died.''' ,'''In our family, there wasn't anything else besides art. Nothing else in the world existed. My father never spoke about going to a movie or listening to music, other than my mother's singing.''' ,]
+++