+++
author = "Ha Ha Clinton-Dix"
title = '''Growing up where I'm from, some people are afraid of cops. They don't really like cops. And what a lot of people don't realize is, they're really not the bad guys. They're really on our side, they're really trying to help us out. And sometimes, we don't understand that.'''
description = '''the best Ha Ha Clinton-Dix Quote: Growing up where I'm from, some people are afraid of cops. They don't really like cops. And what a lot of people don't realize is, they're really not the bad guys. They're really on our side, they're really trying to help us out. And sometimes, we don't understand that.'''
slug = '''growing-up-where-im-from-some-people-are-afraid-of-cops-they-dont-really-like-cops-and-what-a-lot-of-people-dont-realize-is-theyre-really-not-the-bad-guys-theyre-really-on-our-side-theyre-really-trying-to-help-us-out-and-sometimes-we-dont-understand-that'''
keywords = '''Growing up where I'm from, some people are afraid of cops. They don't really like cops. And what a lot of people don't realize is, they're really not the bad guys. They're really on our side, they're really trying to help us out. And sometimes, we don't understand that.,ha ha clinton-dix,ha ha clinton-dix quotes,ha ha clinton-dix quote,ha ha clinton-dix sayings,ha ha clinton-dix saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation'''
+++
Growing up where I'm from, some people are afraid of cops. They don't really like cops. And what a lot of people don't realize is, they're really not the bad guys. They're really on our side, they're really trying to help us out. And sometimes, we don't understand that.
