+++
author = "Chloe Kohanski"
title = "Chloe Kohanski Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Chloe Kohanski Quotes"
keywords = "chloe kohanski,chloe kohanski quotes,chloe kohanski quote,chloe kohanski sayings,chloe kohanski saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's not like you have two sets of vocal cords. You only have one, and if you exhaust it from talking, then you're also affecting your singing.''' ,'''I can sing other people's songs all day, but I'm ready for it to be my song.''' ,'''I think the most important thing is you need to have a very, very clear idea of who you are as an artist before you let other people tell you who you are.''' ,'''I've always loved pop music. I've always loved indie, even electronic, even trap.''' ,'''The most important thing is I am trying to bring classic rock into pop culture, so I don't think anything is going to look like vintage or old-school.''' ,'''It was important for the first piece of original music that I release to have a timeless feel because that's the type of music I want to make.''' ,'''I know it's probably not the answer people want to hear, but if you don't get to where you want to go after 'The Voice,' I believe that's on you.''' ,'''The Voice' changed my life.''' ,'''Just like anyone in the business, I want people to know that I am normal and I'm kind of weird and I like to laugh with my friends.''' ,'''I never would have thought I would be able to learn as much as I did from Blake Shelton, so I want to open up the doors to working with people that might not make sense on paper, collaborating with different artists like that, because you can never stop learning. That's the most important thing.''' ,'''I think people have a clear idea of my style of music I want to do, which is rock, but it's not heavy rock. It's more rock that is feel good and makes you feel something, whether or not that's heartache and pain or it feels like a celebration.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with artists like Lady Gaga. I'm obsessed with artists like Lana Del Rey.''' ,'''It was awesome working with Miley. She's a visionary and she's a creator and has a lot of ideas.''' ,'''Yeah, I don't think I'm gonna do anymore TV shows.''' ,'''I wasn't born in the wrong decade.''' ,'''There are so many ways to get involved with 'The Voice.' There is the open call, which tons of people are from. Of the people that you saw that made it past the Blinds, the majority are from open call auditions. They went through every round before you see the Blinds. But weirdly enough, I received a phone call.''' ,'''Love isn't always pretty, it's not perfect and it's messy and it hurts and sometimes as much as you want to say you love someone, you have to say I wish I didn't love you.''' ,'''I've got people telling me their lives have been changed in a small way because of something I did, that's crazy. That's all that matters.''' ,'''I sort of felt like being young was normally written about as being very fun and light-hearted. And I think that's true, but I don't feel like there's a lot of songs about how hard it is when you don't really know who you are or what you want, and you feel like you have to apologize for simply just existing.''' ,'''I don't feel like there has ever really been anyone like me, and I'm starting to realize that. Not in a cocky way, but in a very humbling way.''' ,'''I just claim to do what I do, which is to sing old songs and try to make them cool.''' ,'''I loved to sing my whole life, but it was never really - I don't even know how to say it. It was never presented to me as an actual career option.''' ,'''This industry will shape you and mold you, and if you're willing to compromise yourself and let yourself change too much, then you're not really gonna know you are anymore.''' ,'''No one in my family is musical, including extended family. I am like the black sheep.''' ,'''Don't change who you are and it's okay to say no.''' ,'''I think Dido's really cool. I feel like she kinda tapped in - back in the late '90s and early 2000s - she tapped into the ''90s-does-'70s' vibe.''' ,'''When everybody starts out in the process of 'The Voice,' you do think about the people who have won or that have made it to the finale and what happens.''' ,'''Everyone knows Stevie Nicks. She is mystifying. She's like a witchy woman.''' ,'''I will never forget the day David Bowie passed away. I will actually never forget that day because I woke up in the middle of the night and it was the first thing on my phone. I had to lay there. It was almost like everything stopped.''' ,'''I'm going to do anything in my power to keep creating the path that I want to go down and I want to be a part of and be involved with, and whether or not that means superstardom or making music for the rest of my life and not having to work at a coffee shop, I'm fine. I'm happy. I'm stoked for whatever opportunity arises.''' ,'''I don't have the biggest range on Earth, obviously, and I feel like people give me a lot of flak for that, but I don't really claim to have a big range.''' ,]
+++