+++
author = "Barbara Mikulski"
title = "Barbara Mikulski Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Barbara Mikulski Quotes"
keywords = "barbara mikulski,barbara mikulski quotes,barbara mikulski quote,barbara mikulski sayings,barbara mikulski saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would like to be the first ambassador to the United States from the United States.''' ,'''I thought in this country, the best social program was a job. Yet minimum wage jobs aren't paying enough to keep families out of poverty.''' ,'''Our seniors' retirement should never rely on the bull of political promises or the bear of the market.''' ,'''Community colleges are one of America's great social inventions a gateway to the future for first time students looking for an affordable college education, and for mid-career students looking to get ahead in the workplace.''' ,'''Family responsibility, yes, and always. Family bankruptcy due to the cruel rules of government, no.''' ,'''When one gets old and they are sick, there are not many things they can count on but they should be able to count on Social Security. Our seniors' retirement should never rely on the bull of political promises or the bear of the market.''' ,'''I don't want women and their families to be left out and left behind. We can fight for them. We will fight for them. They deserve better and I want to give them better.''' ,'''The world must know that America holds to the highest standards of military conduct and human rights protections. Anything less is unacceptable.''' ,'''Parents today are under a lot of stress, sometimes working two jobs just to make ends meet. They're trying to find day care for their kids and elder care for their own parents. The Federal Government shouldn't add to their worries by not living up to its obligations.''' ,'''Twenty-six years ago, I became the first Democratic woman elected to the Senate in her own right. I was the first, but I made sure I wasn't the only.''' ,'''Every vote counts and every vote must be counted.''' ,'''Do we want an Attorney General who will play politics with the law, play politics with the court and just play politics with international conventions designed to protect our troops? I do not want to play that kind of politics. I am going to vote against Alberto Gonzales.''' ,'''Each one of us can make a difference. Together we make change.''' ,'''You can't get more for less. You get what you pay for.''' ,'''America must continue diplomacy, even as we continue the war, to expand the coalition of the willing to share the burden of war and to share the responsibility and the economic cost of rebuilding Iraq.''' ,'''We, the women of the Senate, with President Obama by our side, will keep fighting - our shoulders square, our lipstick on - because you deserve equal pay for your hard work.''' ,'''I believe honor thy mother and father is not just a good commandment to live by, it is good public policy to govern by. That is why I feel so strongly about Medicare.''' ,'''The women of the Senate are like the U.S. Olympic team: we come in different sizes, but we sure are united in our determination to do the best for our country!''' ,'''Women would be disproportionately affected by the privatization of social security. It is one of the most important safety nets for American women in old age, or in times of disability, to insure financial income for their families.''' ,'''The 77 cents that women make for every dollar men earn makes a real difference to our families - families stretching to make every dollar count.''' ,'''Women leading means that Congress is working to create jobs, make quality child care more affordable and strengthen the middle class because we understand that America grows the economy and opportunity from the middle out, not the top down.''' ,'''When we stand up for America, we stand up for what America stands for, which is a safety net for our seniors and really helping our families be able to help themselves.''' ,'''The American system of democracy is founded on the concept that every citizen has the right to vote, to know that their vote is counted, and that the vote is counted accurately.''' ,'''I was a social worker for Baltimore families. Now I'm a social worker building opportunities for families throughout America.''' ,'''I will fight in the United States Senate this year to fund a servicing mission to Hubble by 2008, a mission that would potentially increase Hubble's power and efficiency by a factor of 10 and allow us to look back almost to the beginning of the universe.''' ,'''America is not a melting pot. It is a sizzling cauldron.''' ,'''A pregnant woman facing the most dire circumstances must be able to count on her doctor to do what is medically necessary to protect her from serious physical harm.''' ,'''I'm so proud of Maryland's firefighters, risking their lives to protect others, but we need to protect our protectors with the best equipment training and resources.''' ,'''I am emphatically against the privatization of Social Security. It is going to hurt millions of American women, American families and ultimately the whole country.''' ,'''College is part of the American dream. It shouldn't be part of a financial nightmare for families.''' ,]
+++