+++
author = "Theophilus London"
title = "Theophilus London Quotes"
quotes_len = "133"
description = "the best 133 Theophilus London Quotes"
keywords = "theophilus london,theophilus london quotes,theophilus london quote,theophilus london sayings,theophilus london saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Karl Lagerfeld is the hardest-working man in showbiz!''' ,'''I'm kind of brandless. I don't like big logos or whatever.''' ,'''I'm on the sockless and un-sockless teams. I'm on both sides.''' ,'''The second album is the hardest to write. It's nothing like the first album.''' ,'''There were times when I was just listening to albums for the hype of it. Some albums, I would just put it on in my car, and me and my friends would just drive, that we'd wild out to, get arrested to.''' ,'''I have a personal barber, Mister C. He lives in Brooklyn, but he travels with me. He used to cut Lady Gaga's hair, but he fired her to work for me.''' ,'''I want to wear something that's not perfectly matching; there has to be something unorthodox about it. I want to create this mystery.''' ,'''I started getting emails from Anna Wintour inviting me to her dinners. It was just surreal.''' ,'''When I say 'rare,' it's my own term. It's like you're doing something with a photo that is dominant that no one has ever seen before. #Rare means that it can only be seen here. It's just a rare moment that I'm sharing with the world.''' ,'''I focus a lot on my voice because I want it to be an instrument as well. I want my voice to add color.''' ,'''I have a few friends that have inspired me since I was a young kid. When I watch old films or modern movies - particularly 'Gladiator,' 'New Jack City' and 'The Skin I Live In' - I'll also get ideas.''' ,'''Image plays a huge part in my music and in my lifestyle.''' ,'''I want to change the color of Starbucks from green to red. Whose job was it to say, 'This is going to be green?' I want that to be my job.''' ,'''Shopping at any level is a bit of therapy for my medulla oblongata.''' ,'''I'm listening to early Cash Money, I'm listening to Juvenile, I'm listening to Waka Flocka, I'm listening to Lil B, I'm listening to Brandy, Kanye - that's my home playlist.''' ,'''When you're a kid, you're only exposed to what's going on in your mind. The mind is like a bigger-than-outer-space type of thing.''' ,'''While my cousins were gang-banging, I was trying to learn what the Internet was about.''' ,'''When I was younger, I wasn't thinking about fit. Clothes are measured just for me now. I know that's not what the average person does, but I've gotten smart about what fits my body the right way and what makes me feel comfortable.''' ,'''I find it soothing, the thought of a movie theater.''' ,'''We're a fast-moving, needy species.''' ,'''I'm not a beach person.''' ,'''Shout-out to my dad - he influenced my style when I was 17.''' ,'''I love an art-school girl. I mean... don't we all?''' ,'''Brooklyn for twenty years, I've learned that there is always someone better than you at what you do.''' ,'''I don't want to be easily defined.''' ,'''I can pull off anything; I have the height and the attitude. The only thing I can't wear is a leotard, but I can wear anything else.''' ,'''I like to wear a lot of one-tone color outfits - same color trousers, same color shirt.''' ,'''Growing up as a city kid is a joyous time!''' ,'''I like to revamp things; like, I make to make things better in my eye, but I don't put out own lines... I just collab with my favorite brands.''' ,'''What I sell is the higher knowledge of knowing what's next and not following the trend of what's now.''' ,'''I started performing music about the age of 16. I lived in Brooklyn, New York, and this thing called the Flatbush Fair comes once a year. That was my first time on stage.''' ,'''I like vintage shopping, but I also like to mix in high-end.''' ,'''I admire traveling; I appreciate it a lot.''' ,'''I like to go to the airport looking stylish - you never know who you'll run into. Sometimes I have fans at the airports. I never want to be bummy looking.''' ,'''I like Jeremy Scott, and he has some really dope sneakers.''' ,'''In high school, I always dressed to impress the girls.''' ,'''I take references from the past and flip them.''' ,'''The first time I really listened to an album and thought, 'This album is mine,' was Kanye's 'Late Registration.'''' ,'''I went to school for marketing for one year before I dropped out of college to make music.''' ,'''I wanted to only collab with women for 'Lovers Holiday.'''' ,'''A lot of young kids like myself use Instagram because it has swag - it's more personal, and your friends generate it.''' ,'''I always tell myself, 'When I'm working on my record, I won't cut my hair.' I get so focused on the music that I'm not really going to the hair shop and getting cut up. I just have one thing to focus on.''' ,'''I think it's more interesting to play a place where no one really knows you, but I think touring is also great.''' ,'''If you show you're human and have something to say, people will connect with you.''' ,'''I love N.Y.C.! I can't think of any individual that hates New York.''' ,'''I like connecting with people through technology.''' ,'''When I want to choose to work with someone, you know, I definitely have to do some research on their background and how they were raised as people.''' ,'''Hip-hop is like underground. I don't know if hip-hop exists anymore. I don't know if it does.''' ,'''Whatever I receive from a higher power gets me pumped, which gets the crowd pumped, which gets me more pumped, and then we're just pumped up.''' ,'''My favorite brand I have ever artistically collaborated, entertained, and supported over the years is the huge house that Coco Chanel built: Chanel.''' ,'''I moved my studio to Palm Springs 'cause I don't like the idea of going to a studio every day like a job... I need to make a personal record, so I need to be in a house... I don't want to be in a studio where people can hear the music 'cause I don't know what it is yet.''' ,'''The most time I spent home in 2009 was about a month.''' ,'''I admire natural, untouched beauty.''' ,'''I collect a lot of clothes when I travel around the world.''' ,'''Your voice is like a very serious instrument that you have to tame if you want to be an amazing singer - Marvin Gaye or Michael Jackson.''' ,'''I am more into guys' fashion, but I'm inspired by women's fashion in a weird way.''' ,'''I never go black tie. I never grew up wearing ties or bow ties or anything.''' ,'''New York feels vibrant... It feels electric to walk the streets at night.''' ,'''I remember in the fifth grade my dad would take me to Manhattan to shop for clothes.''' ,'''I love to hear a cool ambient sound at runway shows. It creates a good energy.''' ,'''Brooklyn, where I grew up, is a competitive burg - there's always a pretty boy around the corner there, and you gotta look better than him.''' ,'''Thirty-five percent of all my dates were at the movies from 2013 to 2014.''' ,'''My mind moves very fast. I go through a lot of moods and emotions.''' ,'''Creating the album 'VIBES' has been the biggest life lesson I have ever learned.''' ,'''I'm not on a record like some rapper trying to boast about my clothes or where I'm from. I'm creating stories, experiences, the way places make me feel, the way a person makes me feel.''' ,'''I might want to open a hotel and design all the rooms. Or maybe a museum that lets me curate all the events.''' ,'''I'm gonna walk super, super slow to when I turn 40 or something. To me, walking and floating slow represents how wealthy you are!''' ,'''As snap-backs became more popular, I started to search and expand my hat game.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Caribbean food, Spanish food, Dominican food - like rice and beans. Hot sauce just adds a different layer of boom to the food, you feel me?''' ,'''I like to keep a uniform - wear a blazer, try to keep the same colour pants; very tailored, very fitted but still edgy.''' ,'''I didn't grow up drawing runway models and deciding what they should wear.''' ,'''I want to produce the best popular music I can.''' ,'''I went to Texas a few times for gigs and adopted the cowboy look. Every man, at some point in his life, goes through a cowboy stage - everyone! Well, at least everyone that I look up to!''' ,'''Dressing up, for me, is looking like an idiot.''' ,'''I can't really change for a climate. I've got to be Theophilus London in any weather.''' ,'''DMX wasn't checking what his fans were saying to him on Twitter or Facebook. Jay-Z is on a boat in Saint-Tropez. I'm hands-on. Girls write to me like I'm their diary. That's a huge responsibility. I don't take it for granted.''' ,'''If I walk into a store, I'm going to buy the best jacket or the best item in the store, hands down.''' ,'''When you're a new person and a new idea, you get invited to all these different things, and everybody wants a piece of you. And you want to be polite and say yes to everything, but it gets dangerous.''' ,'''A lot of my friends inspire my style, and they don't even know it.''' ,'''Go to American Apparel; they have all of the colors of socks.''' ,'''I love fashion week. It has great energy and vibe.''' ,'''I need to travel, of course, with my laptop, so I can do my business on the road.''' ,'''I am international. When I put out my second mixtape, we did four tours and a tour overseas.''' ,'''On my early trips to London and Paris, in 2009, I started to shift to more wide-brimmed felt hats similar to Borsalinos and Stetsons.''' ,'''Twitter is essential to me because I wake up and check it religiously. It's a way I communicate with my fan base.''' ,'''To me, my style is comfortable.''' ,'''Colby Jordan is one of the most fashion-forward and passionate girls I know. She gives me these young Anna Wintour vibes when I'm around her!''' ,'''I keep a creative group around me.''' ,'''I'll buy an old jacket and attach gold buttons and a couple royal patches. Or I'll find an old busted sweatshirt, tear out the zipper, and replace it with a $700 zipper. I make things my own.''' ,'''Mixtapes are very personal, and they describe who you are better than an album sometimes.''' ,'''It leaves a good legacy to have five records.''' ,'''Some people thought Theophilus was a fake name. Whatever.''' ,'''I don't want no mail. Send me a Facebook message.''' ,'''I don't have a license, but I do drive.''' ,'''I'm trying to fuse popular and commercial music and just make very creative music. It's popular music: it's everything for everybody.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of pop music - I think Marvin Gaye was pop music; things like that.''' ,'''Let's see: I'm into a whole bunch of different people - Alexander Wang... that's my dude.''' ,'''It's not only about the rap lyric. Today, people are buying you as a person.''' ,'''I went to Brazil in 2010 and pretty much did songs about that trip. I was there just to hang out, chill with the people, and feel the vibe. It was great - tons of great women, great skin, good beaches. Can't complain; the food is great.''' ,'''I feel I have so much more to deliver than music.''' ,'''The Royal Family doesn't go out shopping for their uniforms: they've got some guy sewing on all the ornaments in-house. You could say I've got my own in-house team as well.''' ,'''I always imagined how cool it would be to be the face of a Gap campaign!''' ,'''Some people have style without even knowing it!''' ,'''Punk music is rebellious.''' ,'''Gold looks good on my skin, and gold looks good on black people, I think.''' ,'''I understand demographics.''' ,'''I'm not really good at skiing or snowboarding, or swimming, per se.''' ,'''Style is a form of expression! It's what makes your character your character, to put it in laymen's term.''' ,'''I wore my same look for six years. My hat and glasses - people recognize me now.''' ,'''To me, my brand is luxury, it's art, it's women, it's raw, it's urban.''' ,'''I collect different game hats, like Syracuse Women's Volleyball; I have a Navy Basketball hat. They're all vintage but in new condition.''' ,'''I listen to a lot of really old western and country music. There's a lot of cool stuff in there... all the heartbreak of the country darkness.''' ,'''People are always looking at their phones and computer. It's the first place people turn in the morning and where everyone's keeping in touch and getting their news.''' ,'''A lot of my favorite artists are fashion icons.''' ,'''You should treat your body like a canvas.''' ,'''I've got to get my real skills up; like, I got to get my skills up, 'cause in case of a crazy catastrophe, I might have to learn how to swim.''' ,'''The Internet is a very powerful tool; unfortunately it's starting to get a little saturated.''' ,'''You gotta learn your body, how clothes fit on you.''' ,'''Brands are in your face 24/7; I'm sure you've consumed a couple brands today. So it's fun working with them. People recognize brands, and people are starting to recognize my brand.''' ,'''To wake up in the morning and just know what I'm going to wear, it helps me get out of the house faster.''' ,'''Europe were kind of the first ones to embrace my music; the kids from around the way would come out to my shows and really enjoy it.''' ,'''Becoming a walking, dancing, fire-breathing lifestyle dragon is not something you can pursue overnight! It takes years of studying, living, and understanding the modern culture!''' ,'''I hate writing texts to girlfriends because you can't really see emotions in texts. You can get confused on what she says.''' ,'''I own over ninety-five different hats and, over the years, have lost or given away 120 hats. You gain to lose... you lose to gain.''' ,'''I love to see the rarest movies, the most talked-about movies and documentaries. I read all the reviews and compare them to see if it's worth going! I have a secret movie critic blog I have shown no one or promoted, and I intend to keep it that way.''' ,'''The Gap has always been an iconic, go-to brand that reminds me of my childhood.''' ,'''I've made sure to always update my web properties constantly - Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, my Hypebeast blog... making sure I divided content across all of them to keep each outlet fresh to keep people coming back.''' ,'''I connect to SpongeBob in a way; like, that's the homie. He can chill on the corner with me.''' ,'''I believe your atmosphere and your surroundings create a mind state for you.''' ,''''Billie Jean' was a negative dance song, and that was one of the best dance songs ever.''' ,'''Just because 50,000 people on the Internet know me, I'm not patting myself on the back at the end of the night.''' ,'''Believe in yourself and believe in magic.''' ,'''After Andy Warhol died, it left a dark cloud over N.Y.C. nightlife.''' ,]
+++