+++
author = "Big Boi"
title = "Big Boi Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Big Boi Quotes"
keywords = "big boi,big boi quotes,big boi quote,big boi sayings,big boi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Anything that benefits the public and not just big banking, that's what I'm with.''' ,'''When I leave a room, it's gonna be footprints of funk wherever I stepped, because I'm a soul-funk crusader.''' ,'''I'm into creating something that I've never created before.''' ,'''One thing I like about Twitter is that you can hear it from the horse's mouth.''' ,'''I'm dead serious about my craft and just really serious about making music in itself. I take pride in making songs and albums where no two songs sound alike. That's the challenge and that's what it's all about, to keep it original and fresh and funky.''' ,'''The world is really run by the Web. There's so much information out there that you can click and keep going down the rabbit hole finding stuff.''' ,'''I'm just a product of my environment, and it comes out in the music.''' ,'''Life moves so fast. You gotta document the good times, man.''' ,'''I'm about making music and spending time with my family. I've been in the spotlight so long that I'm looking for something different.''' ,'''I'm not pro-government at all, I'm pro-people.''' ,'''There's so many lies being told throughout the media and people just run with the lies. They're numb to it. Too many followers, not enough leaders.''' ,'''I'm glad that's one of the things I chose to do as a man - to be a father to my child.''' ,'''I don't need a sensationalized headline to sell music or to bring attention to my music. It's the music and it's always been about the music.''' ,'''I'm a Libertarian. I'm liberty, justice for all, liberty for all.''' ,'''My kids listen to everything because I listen to everything, so it's not far-fetched to hear them playing Metallica and then playing A Tribe Called Quest or N.W.A.''' ,'''To play your music in front of the fans that love it, it's like the best feeling in the world.''' ,'''Look, I got 11,052 songs on my iPod. Cyndi Lauper, Guns N' Roses, Geto Boys, N.W.A.... push shuffle and anything will come on.''' ,'''My kids, they're like nine or ten years old right now so you give 'em responsibilities just to keep them up on things. It ain't just all about getting on the skateboard or putting your Heelys on, and swimming in the pool all the time. You gotta do stuff like wash dishes, take the trash out, feed the dog.''' ,'''I think remixes give songs more life.''' ,'''Being an M.C. is all about just going for the throat.''' ,'''I'm glad I had kids young because we have a strong bond and listen to the same music.''' ,'''My goal every time I make a record is just to make the funkiest, the best music I could possibly make, both lyrically, and music-wise.''' ,'''The music is first and foremost everything - no egos, no attitude, nothing - it's about the music.''' ,'''The music that I make is built on layers upon layers of musical ideas. I want to keep it fun and fresh to where listeners won't get everything from just one listen. They can go back to it months, weeks, or even years later and hear something that they didn't ever hear before. That's what it's all about.''' ,'''I don't care who the president is - it ain't just all about who's black or who's white or who's Republican or Democrat, it's about who is for the betterment of people, period.''' ,'''I'm just a cool type of guy who's all about positives.''' ,'''I listen to all types of music so I'm influenced by everything.''' ,'''I'm nocturnal when it comes to recording - I'm just more creative at night.''' ,'''My wife cooks. I can't cook. I can remix leftovers pretty good, though.''' ,'''The sheep-people don't think for themselves anymore. You can say anything and it's the gospel truth and they don't have to go research it or anything, and they believe everything the news tells them. People don't go and do their own investigations if it's relationships or politics or anything.''' ,'''I still picture myself as a student of the music. I'm always trying to learn new things. Music is just what makes me tick.''' ,'''The way to judge a new artist is by listening to their albums and gauging the progress that they make from the first record to the next one.''' ,'''I'm always trying to find brain food and indulge in knowledge that's gonna be useful.''' ,]
+++