+++
author = "Daniella Alonso"
title = "Daniella Alonso Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Daniella Alonso Quotes"
keywords = "daniella alonso,daniella alonso quotes,daniella alonso quote,daniella alonso sayings,daniella alonso saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I directed a half hour comedy pilot, 'Upgrade,' and had one of the best times ever! I had such a great time directing; I would love to get to direct another project.''' ,'''I've been taking martial arts for a long time. I started with tae kwon do, and then I started taking karate and mixed martial arts.''' ,'''I really want to work in a movie with Quentin Tarantino. I think he makes fantastic movies. I love people that create a different reality for the actors to live in.''' ,'''I really am happy that I met my agency and my management company, because they see me as a person and not just a Latin woman.''' ,'''As I got older, I would study privately with some coaches. Then I found Lee Strasberg, which I loved.''' ,'''I actually take karate and tae-kwon-do. And so I love sparring and grappling and all that physical stuff. I studied a hybrid form of grappling, sparring, and self defense; it's more of a 'get yourself in shape,' and if you want to take it to the next level, so you're really learning valuable skills with self defense, and I really enjoy it.''' ,'''There are those special projects that don't ever feel like work but just a blessing to be a part of, and 'Revolution' is one of those projects.''' ,'''Growing up, I wasn't sure about acting, but I knew I wanted to be part of the movie industry.''' ,'''My first real break was meeting my manager, Julie Gibson. She's the one that introduced me to Ford and Innovative and got me started.''' ,'''My dad didn't want me to go for drama in school, so I chose the closest thing to it and got a bachelors degree in Communications at the Manhattan College.''' ,'''I can be a nice person, but if someone is messing with someone I care about, the tougher side comes out a little more.''' ,'''When I first started, I would go to Weist-Barron, and I studied with Rita Litton and ACTeen. For teenagers, it's a really, really great school. We did a lot of on-camera stuff, so you see yourself and what you do on camera.''' ,''''One Tree Hill' really had an impact on my life. It was the first time I left my house and my family in New York and went to a small town in North Carolina. It was the most incredible experience for me.''' ,'''I've always loved movies since I was a kid. I loved how they could make me happy, sad, or just show me different parts of the world and people. So when I was about six, I decided that that was what I wanted to do: make movies.''' ,'''When I develop a character, I usually start by creating a backstory with whatever information I have access to.''' ,]
+++