+++
author = "Katharine Isabelle"
title = "Katharine Isabelle Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Katharine Isabelle Quotes"
keywords = "katharine isabelle,katharine isabelle quotes,katharine isabelle quote,katharine isabelle sayings,katharine isabelle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a few girlfriends, but nearly all my friends are guys. I don't think I ever wore girl clothes. I wore baggy jeans, baggy T-shirts, sweaters, just to avoid the looks that everyone gives you when you're a young female in the world.''' ,'''I understand, as the young, attractive woman in film, that there's always going to be people seeking out extra salacious things for you to do.''' ,'''I'm a working actor, so I do pretty much whatever comes along because it's my job.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a chicken when it comes to seeing potentially horrifying things on the Internet.''' ,'''Going through puberty as a young girl is so confusing. This monster invades your body, changes things and makes things grow, and no one tells you what's going on.''' ,'''I think you have to have a sense of humor about every movie that you're doing. Your character needs to be relatable in a way that, even when you're doing the most bizarre things, sometimes a bit of tongue in cheek is necessary to keep up the believability of it.''' ,'''I don't have any friends from my childhood because I didn't stay at one school for very long.''' ,'''Horror movies scare me. I don't really watch them. I'm not a big horror genre fan. I like certain classic horror - like 'Alien', 'Jaws', 'The Exorcist', stuff like that.''' ,'''I grew up on my dad's sets, but I was never star-struck or desperate to be famous. I grew up being a worker. It took me a long time to realise that my work ended up being seen by people. As far as I was concerned, I was just in the family business.''' ,'''My roots are Scottish. My dad's parents are from Scotland, and my mum's dad is Scots.''' ,'''My favourite actors are all dead or dying. I just love Jimmy Stewart, Bette Davis, Katharine Hepburn - I was named after her - and Cary Grant. I just love old black and white movies and the stars in them. It must have been a great time to be in Hollywood.''' ,]
+++