+++
author = "Henny Youngman"
title = "Henny Youngman Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Henny Youngman Quotes"
keywords = "henny youngman,henny youngman quotes,henny youngman quote,henny youngman sayings,henny youngman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You have a nice personality, but not for a human being.''' ,'''When God sneezed, I didn't know what to say.''' ,'''My other brother-in-law died. He was a karate expert, then joined the army. The first time he saluted, he killed himself.''' ,'''Just got back from a pleasure trip: I took my mother-in-law to the airport.''' ,'''A Jewish woman had two chickens. One got sick, so the woman made chicken soup out of the other one to help the sick one get well.''' ,'''Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.''' ,'''I played a lot of tough clubs in my time. Once a guy in one of those clubs wanted to bet me $10 that I was dead. I was afraid to bet.''' ,'''Take my wife... Please!''' ,'''When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.''' ,'''How to drive a guy crazy: send him a telegram and on the top put 'page 2.'''' ,'''The horse I bet on was so slow, the jockey kept a diary of the trip.''' ,'''If you had your life to live over again, do it overseas.''' ,'''There was a girl knocking on my hotel room door all night! Finally, I let her out.''' ,'''You have a ready wit. Tell me when it's ready.''' ,'''Why do Jewish men die before their wives? They want to.''' ,'''I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back.''' ,'''Those two are a fastidious couple. She's fast and he's hideous.''' ,'''She has a wash and wear bridal gown.''' ,'''Why don't Jews drink? It interferes with their suffering.''' ,'''If at first you don't succeed... so much for skydiving.''' ,'''If my mother knew I did this for a living, she'd kill me. She thinks I'm selling dope.''' ,'''While playing golf today I hit two good balls. I stepped on a rake.''' ,'''I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.''' ,'''My son complains about headaches. I tell him all the time, when you get out of bed, it's feet first!''' ,'''Do you know what it means to come home at night to a woman who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house, that's what it means.''' ,'''That was the first time I saw a horse start from a kneeling position!''' ,'''I've been in love with the same woman for forty-one years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me.''' ,'''This man is frank and earnest with women. In Fresno, he's Frank and in Chicago he's Ernest.''' ,'''I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays.''' ,'''She's been married so many times she has rice marks on her face.''' ,'''Why do Jewish divorces cost so much? They're worth it.''' ,'''I know a man who doesn't pay to have his trash taken out. How does he get rid of his trash? He gift wraps it, and puts in into an unlocked car.''' ,'''You can't buy love, but you can pay heavily for it.''' ,'''I played a great horse yesterday! It took seven horses to beat him.''' ,'''You look like a talent scout for a cemetery.''' ,'''My wife dresses to kill. She cooks the same way.''' ,'''This man used to go to school with his dog. Then they were separated. His dog graduated!''' ,'''My grandmother is over eighty and still doesn't need glasses. Drinks right out of the bottle.''' ,'''She's a big-hearted girl with hips to match.''' ,'''The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret.''' ,'''A doctor gave a man six months to live. The man couldn't pay his bill, so he gave him another six months.''' ,'''What's the use of happiness? It can't buy you money.''' ,'''I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock.''' ,'''My dad was the town drunk. Most of the time that's not so bad; but New York City?''' ,'''A self-taught man usually has a poor teacher and a worse student.''' ,'''If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.''' ,'''When I told my doctor I couldn't afford an operation, he offered to touch-up my X-rays.''' ,'''My brother was a lifeguard in a car wash.''' ,'''This is an elegant hotel! Room service has an unlisted number.''' ,]
+++