+++
author = "Gina Rodriguez"
title = "Gina Rodriguez Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Gina Rodriguez Quotes"
keywords = "gina rodriguez,gina rodriguez quotes,gina rodriguez quote,gina rodriguez sayings,gina rodriguez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't want the Latino community to think I think the reason Latino films are not doing well is because of us. It is not fully our responsibility.''' ,'''I grew up in Chicago, so hip-hop has always been a part of my life.''' ,'''I started salsa dancing with a few different companies and started touring the country. It was fantastic, but I realized that I really wanted to talk every time we were performing. That's a problem because when you're dancing, if you stop to talk, that's not really cool to the other dancers.''' ,'''I try to keep in mind that it's a long journey. It's not a race. It's about staying focused, continuing to do good work, make my family and community proud; that's all I really want to do... and pay my bills.''' ,'''Acting is how I'll be able to change how Latinos are viewed in media and change how little girls see and talk about themselves.''' ,'''Being half Jewish, we grew up with Christmas trees but had Jewish ornaments.''' ,'''I love telling stories that allow people to be less afraid to tell theirs.''' ,'''This industry is all about work, and just because Sundance exposed me to the world, it is my job to stay deserving in that world. The work never ends; the hustle just get harder, and you get stronger!''' ,'''What I will not do is continue to perpetuate stereotypes. I'm the daughter of a maid; why do I have to also play a maid? My mom was a maid so I didn't have to be a maid.''' ,'''I like to peel it and share it with friends. You can spread the love with an orange.''' ,'''I dream big, baby. I want to do thrillers, I want to do smart David Lynch-type mysteries.''' ,'''What makes characters real are details, and if you're crafting a person from scratch, you're probably not going to pay as much attention to a question like, 'Does this person bite their nails?'''' ,'''I'm not messing with skiing. You can't get this Puerto Rican on the slope. Uh-uh.''' ,'''I am not going to take a role because there's money. It might extend my checkbook, but not my integrity.''' ,'''I've specifically decided to say no to projects that weren't advancing Latinos, that weren't showing us in a positive light, roles that were gratuitous and spreading untruths.''' ,'''I started small with commercials and print.''' ,''''Filly Brown' gave me the wings to fly, but red carpets are still very uncomfortable.''' ,'''With each dream accomplished, bigger ones are put in their place.''' ,'''I grew up dancing salsa - you know, a traditional Puerto Rican dance.''' ,'''I can live in L.A. as a struggling artist. I cannot live in New York as a struggling artist.''' ,'''I do not devalue the role of a maid or nanny, or the stereotypical roles that some members of our family have actually done to feed our families in real life.''' ,'''I went to college at NYU for acting, since acting was my dream from very young. I did a lot of hip-hop courses while I was there. I helped co-write a hip-hop production for the main stage of NYU, but I never touched rap.''' ,'''I will play the characters with last names like Sanchez and Gonzalez until the day I die, but I also want to play the 'Michelle Smiths.'''' ,'''I was a salsa dancer for the majority of my life, from, like, 7 to 17, and did the World Salsa Congresses. I realized that I wanted to continue obviously to be a performer. But in my household, being an actor and jumping into acting is not really accepted.''' ,'''Latinos don't go out and support their own films, but at the same time, it's not their responsibility.''' ,'''I've been very lucky; God has done amazing things for me.''' ,'''I felt very vulnerable after 'Sleeping with the Fishes'; I gained weight for the role. I felt a bit out of my skin in the movie, and it was hard to watch.''' ,'''I started performing very young as a salsa dancer, and every time I was on that stage dancing, all I knew was that I wanted to speak. I wanted the music to stop, and I wanted to speak.''' ,'''I love relatable stories.''' ,'''When I got out of college, I booked a movie called 'Go for It!' with Lionsgate, came out here, and I've been acting ever since - or trying, constantly trying.''' ,'''Every morning, my dad would have me looking in the mirror and repeat, 'Today is going to be a great day; I can, and I will.'''' ,'''Being an actress wasn't realistic. I knew that I was going to have to do it in a way that would speak to my parents. So I went to NYU Tisch School of the Arts for theater, and I studied at the conservatory.''' ,'''I learned a lot from Ana Ortiz, who plays my sister in 'Sleeping with the Fishes'.''' ,'''I've learned a lot about what kind of actor I want or do not want to be while being on set. I sit back and observe how other actors treat the totem pole of set politics.''' ,'''I think when you work really hard and you help others, God helps you get what you want.''' ,'''I think all Latino actors want to be storytellers first. I want to be an actor first, and then I want to be Latina.''' ,]
+++