+++
author = "Tyga"
title = "Tyga Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Tyga Quotes"
keywords = "tyga,tyga quotes,tyga quote,tyga sayings,tyga saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As long as you know yourself and you got good people around you and you passionate about what you do, that's all that matters because at the end of the day, you go to sleep with the people you love, you wake up with the people you love, and you spend your time with the people you love.''' ,'''I dropped out of high school when I was, like, 15, so I just focused on doing music. It's all I wanted to do; I didn't want to work or anything else. I took all the negativity and obstacles that came with life, and I just put it in the music.''' ,'''I make negative music, but I also make positive music because that's what thrown at me with life.''' ,'''Making music is like being the president: You can't tell people you're going to make health care free to get them behind you, but when you get that role, you don't do it.''' ,'''Fame is a thing that happens when you do something you love - nobody wants to be famous for the wrong reasons. It's not my goal, but if being more famous means I can get more music out, that's cool.''' ,'''I never wanted to be that fad type of artist. When I looked up to artists, watching TV, I wanted to see somebody. I wanted to touch that person. I wanted to sound like them. I wanted to move like them. That' s what I want my fans to do. So that's why, everything that I do, the music I make, how I dress, it's all based off my lifestyle.''' ,'''At the end of the day, people have the right to have opinions. I have the right to have an opinion. And I have the right to say what I want on my music 'cause it's my music. If you don't like it, don't click on it, don't download it.''' ,'''I think, whatever makes you happy in life, you gotta do it. You can't plan in life too much.''' ,'''I've always been into dressing and being stylish because I feel like that's where I gained a lot of my confidence and swag as a rapper, so fashion goes hand-in-hand with music to me.''' ,'''I would say I'm a fan of late '90s to early 2000s rap. That's where I get all my inspiration from.''' ,'''I want to make people feel certain ways when they listen to my music. Whether it's partying or going through relationship problems or grinding or getting dressed and feeling fly. I want to be who I am and have emotion in my music that affects people.''' ,'''Girls always want a reason to get crazy. I get the feeling that girls are crazy anyway, so they just want a reason to really get wild. Why not let it be to a Tyga song?''' ,'''The best career advice I've gotten is to stay focused, keep moving forward.''' ,'''I had faith that music would be able to take me somewhere. I didn't know where. I just was like, 'Keep having faith, and any doors that open, I'll walk through them and see what happens from there.'''' ,'''There are so many artists that inspire me, it's honestly too many names to go through. I look up to people who've been in the game for years.''' ,'''When I go home and get off tour, I'd like to have a peace of mind. I like to chill. I don't like everything to be all chaotic like how it is when I step outside, you know?''' ,'''I never grew up in the Valley. I lived in Compton/Gardena my whole life.''' ,'''I try to be cool with everybody, but sometimes, everybody just has different personalities, motives, and different characters.''' ,'''Alexander Wang, Saint Laurent, Balmain, and Goyard are my designers of choice.''' ,'''You can't live for other people, you know? You gotta live for yourself and better the people around you and make an impact.''' ,'''God puts us in places. It's for you to make the decision whether you go left or right.''' ,'''I have a lot of tattoos. I probably have over 100 tattoos. I don't know. It's just a mural... a collage.''' ,'''I think whenever you're around Kanye, you gotta take notes. The advice is taking notes, because everything he does and everything he says is very detailed and very up front. He's always one hundred what he says.''' ,'''Sour Patch, Swedish Fish. I love candy, man. I can't go without candy. And when I'm recording, I always have a TV on with cartoons - on mute, though. When I'm recording, I like to look at the TV now and then and see some crazy, wacky stuff. When you're thinking creative, it just keeps you creative. Everybody got their way of making music.''' ,'''A lot of people don't know I'm from the West Coast. My swag is different. Me being from Young Money, affiliated with them, some people think I'm from down South. They think maybe I'm from New Orleans like them. It's just good to show people and build outside of Young Money, build my brand outside of that.''' ,'''I've always been a fan of Saint Laurent because I like how their jeans fit on me, but as far as high fashion, I don't wear too much high fashion. I like more streetwear and baggier stuff.''' ,'''I don't really know how it feels to hate on somebody else or just worry about what somebody else is doing.''' ,'''I don't follow trends. I'm a trendsetter. I represent all the younger generations; fly kids, creative kids - they look up to me. I got a program that's called ROAR. I go to all high schools everywhere we go, and I talk to all the kids, and I give away 30-35 tickets and passes to the kids doing good in school. Stuff like that means a lot to me.''' ,'''Tattoos, for me, are like a timeline of my life. I could look at a certain tattoo, and it reminds of me of a certain time in my life and why I got that tattoo.''' ,'''I'm definitely inspired by Michael Jackson. I watch all his videos all the time. And Busta Rhymes, early Busta Rhymes - I really was inspired by him. He's really the reason why I started rapping. Because all his visuals. I loved his videos when I was younger.''' ,'''I only like people to know what I want them to know. People didn't know what Tupac was doing. That's why he was so iconic.''' ,'''A lot of my fans know that I love candy. I eat candy all day.''' ,'''I'm just not a messy person... I don't look for pleasure in social media.''' ,'''I can make any type of music, so I wouldn't want to describe myself as having one type of sound. I think music is about keeping it diverse.''' ,'''The frustrating part of being an artist is that I can do a whole interview, and all most people are going to see is the headlines. As artists, we should be able to write our own headlines.''' ,'''When something is so damaged or something is just not right, you can't fix it in a moment. The only thing is time.''' ,'''I've always treated my career like independent. Everything that I got is because of myself, my own endorsements, my own touring myself.''' ,'''You go to Miami, and you might only hear one Tyga song on the radio. You go to L.A., and you might hear six or seven on the radio. There's certain things you do for your city.''' ,'''Music changes every three months. There's always new artists coming out. There's always new sounds. There is always a new hit coming out. You gotta stay relevant as much as you can and feed your fans as much as you can.''' ,'''I don't like Drake as a person. He's just fake to me.''' ,'''I feel like too many people on the West Coast, they're too needy. They feel they need Snoop or Game. I never did any tracks with any West Coast artists. Not because I didn't want to, but because I didn't feel like that's what I had to do in order to get on. I just did music.''' ,'''Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you do, you'll be successful.''' ,'''There's not a lot of pretty, young female artists that's out. It's a lot of talent out there, but they don't know how to go about it. I feel like there should be way more sexier women in hip-hop and R&B then it is - more originality.''' ,'''You can't base your life off waking up every morning, like, 'What are people saying about me now?' Then I'd never stay in my creative headspace.''' ,'''I'm making music that I love and I want to hear. At the same time, things like making money, making crazy money - you gotta find ways to reach to everybody but uplift everybody.''' ,'''I'm a creative person, and I've got a lot of ideas. People probably thought that my mentality was quick fame because I made 'Rack City' and it blew up fast, but I have over 1,000 songs recorded.''' ,'''Girls grab me all the time. To me, that's regular, so it's not really crazy.''' ,]
+++