+++
author = "Kelly Rutherford"
title = "Kelly Rutherford Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Kelly Rutherford Quotes"
keywords = "kelly rutherford,kelly rutherford quotes,kelly rutherford quote,kelly rutherford sayings,kelly rutherford saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Every penny from 'Gossip Girl,' my pension, my stocks has been spent fighting for my children.''' ,'''I am a mother and I have been divorced, and I love fashion and the Upper East Side.''' ,'''I think it's mainly when I need inspiration I look at the old pictures. I don't find it as much in the new stuff. I love Carole Lombard. I think she's wonderful. Gloria Grahame was really great. Garbo. Dietrich. People knew how to create an illusion. Now everything is very realistic and straightforward. Everyone's grunge.''' ,'''I think high school's very difficult. You're figuring out your own power and your effect on other people. You look back and see how you spent so much energy on figuring out things with your parents or your peers.''' ,'''I live in jeans and T-shirts, and usually just throw stuff on over that. I love Brunello Cucielli, J.Crew for basics, NYDJ and DL1961 for jeans, and Magaschoni for sweaters.''' ,'''We eat all organic at home, so if we're running around and the kids want a hot dog or pretzel, I'll get it for them.''' ,'''I actually don't watch much TV, but my goal is to watch 'Downton Abbey.' I want to catch up on the series... that's like my style.''' ,'''I get I style inspiration everywhere: the streets of New York, magazines... everywhere!''' ,'''I'm very good at ordering off the menu and eating food that other people cook for me. My husband's a fantastic cook. I always come with a good appetite!''' ,'''There are so many fun charity festivals in the Hamptons. We enjoy so many fun events for kids such as Kidsfest. We also go to Super Saturday. We like to chill out and go out by the pool. We do things that are fun for kids and good for charity.''' ,'''You live your life day by day and find ways to get through it. You grow up through things that are challenging and you find the joy. You realize there are so many people that have it much worse and remind yourself. I have been very blessed.''' ,'''I love Hermes, Lanvin, Brunello Cucinelli, Reed Krakoff, Alice + Olivia and Nanette Lepore.''' ,]
+++