+++
author = "Mija"
title = "Mija Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Mija Quotes"
keywords = "mija,mija quotes,mija quote,mija sayings,mija saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't ever take anything for granted. I know... people would kill for the opportunity to play on festival stages and whatnot.''' ,'''I tend to think that every new song I make is better than the last one.''' ,'''Music is my greatest love. It is also my first love. But I love a lot of things, including painting, drawing, writing, designing, and more.''' ,'''People want to have a good time, they want to party with their friends, but they also want to learn something.''' ,'''Moving to L.A., I got really into hip-hop and trap music and basically a lot of the sounds you would maybe normally see in a festival, but for whatever reason, I was so involved in vinyl and house at the time, I didn't even know that I liked trap.''' ,'''My music is inspired by where I am and what I'm feeling at the time. Traveling and meeting new people is also incredibly inspiring to me.''' ,'''I grew up really fast.''' ,'''Getting comfortable again and being in a vocal booth on the opposite end of the spectrum, when you're normally the one tracking the vocals, is kind of scary.''' ,'''It's taken a while for me to figure out my sound. It's tough, coming from DJing, because you know how things are supposed to sound, but you also don't want to be formulaic about it.''' ,'''As humans, we are constantly learning and changing and evolving, and I think that is so beautiful.''' ,'''I think everyone uses Auto-Tune.''' ,'''I'm always pushing myself.''' ,'''I've always been into super upbeat, cute, uplifting progressions, but at the same time, I'm also a very dark person. I really like both sides, and I feel like I'm always trying to find some middle ground with music or style or anything that I do.''' ,'''The Internet has given us an unlimited platform of knowledge and inspiration. Sometimes the most efficient way to create a new sound is to cross between genres and experiment with noises/tempos that wouldn't normally go together.''' ,'''I create, dress, and act however I feel in a single moment.''' ,'''I'm like a child with musical ADD.''' ,'''L.A. is such a melting pot.''' ,'''I love mixing house and disco with anything bass.''' ,'''Middle and high school sucked.''' ,'''I'm honestly just trying to surround myself with talented people that I look up to/feel like I can learn from.''' ,'''My fans are so open-minded and trust that whatever I'm doing, in whatever moment of time, is the most accurate form of expression that I have to offer them. There are no expectations - only a journey which we all share together.''' ,'''I have to constantly be doing something; otherwise, I don't feel like I'm reaching the level that I should be.''' ,'''Sometimes I think that we are living in a simulation controlled by the reigns of a destructive child who often gets bored or distracted, leaving us trapped inside feedback loops for years at a time.''' ,'''I love shows. I love being with fans. It keeps you inspired.''' ,'''You can't just play a house set for four hours at the Sheraton. You have to be creative and throw in some jazz, some Latin music, and really mix it up.''' ,'''I wasn't good at writing big banger tracks because that wasn't in my heart.''' ,'''I don't think that I've ever really been interested in many other things aside from music and making art in general.''' ,'''Depending on what's happening in the world, what music is coming out, what city I'm in, I do some research on a place I'm going to, get a feel for it, and maybe do something that would be special for that city.''' ,'''I never really planned on any of this being a career; all I knew for sure was that I wanted to create, I wanted to play music, and I wanted to share music.''' ,'''My career was prematurely launched. I didn't have a plan.''' ,'''The TekLife crew are super dope.''' ,'''I am really proud of where me and Ghastly's track 'Crank It' ended up. It was our first music video and big label release. It was such a dope experience working with OWSLA on that record.''' ,'''I want to tour less and make more art.''' ,'''I tried for a long time to make DJ-able dance tracks that were more specific to the stuff that I was playing. Ultimately, I found I wasn't really capable of doing that. The only type of music I was able to make that really made me feel something would just come straight from my heart or straight from whatever emotions I was feeling at that time.''' ,'''I kind of just dress the same way no matter where I am.''' ,'''I realized you can be the dopest producer technically, but if the songs don't give you emotion, it doesn't matter.''' ,'''I started as a rave promoter when I was 17 years old; then I started DJing at 19.''' ,'''I love traveling.''' ,]
+++