+++
author = "Rhea Pillai"
title = "Rhea Pillai Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Rhea Pillai Quotes"
keywords = "rhea pillai,rhea pillai quotes,rhea pillai quote,rhea pillai sayings,rhea pillai saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Yes, Leander locked me out. I'd gone with my child for a birthday party. Leander and his mother were running out of the building as I was entering. They even put my clothes in boxes and threw them out.''' ,'''I love Armani for his classic cuts at times, and then also like Manish Arora's madness and Roberto Cavalli's play of colors.''' ,'''It's the 'Italian Vogue.' Of course, I said yes!''' ,'''Often, I'm up against both - position and money power. And yes, a system that needs to be more 'woman-friendly.' I believe these experiences will probably give birth to a more public life, where I can address the issues of women that need help in being heard, for I have understood what it is to be in that position.''' ,'''If you asked me whether I would act in a film a year ago, I would have said no. I am just taking things as they come.''' ,'''When the participants of the Femina Miss India contest join the Art of Living course, we stress that they must live in the present moment and enjoy it.''' ,'''I am very partial to Lucknow Chikankari work. My colors that I love to work with are ivory based colors, to make it more festive I throw in Mukesh embroidery which brings the color alive.''' ,'''I'd say we need a balance between commercialism and the humanitarian aspects of life. And we need to start by being grateful for what we have received in our lives.''' ,'''If I dress up, I am encouraging men to look at me and if I don't, I am lazy.''' ,'''It's like an effort is being made to taint my relationship with Sanjay and make it ugly. When it's clean, pure and based on trust.''' ,'''Paes is very a convincing person and had informed me that Gandharva wedding was enough. My name was added in his passport as spouse.''' ,'''When I did the Art of Living course in Mumbai in 1996, I really didn't know what to expect.''' ,'''My friends are my world! I have to say I have great wealth when I view my various wonderful relationships.''' ,'''Gratitude is important. One has to look beyond oneself to see that while there may be people who are far better off, one has been given so much more than so many.''' ,'''When someone is wearing a really beautiful outfit but is not comfortable in it, it just takes away from the entire look.''' ,'''So fashion for me is self-expression, it reflects how I'm feeling on a particular day.''' ,'''The Art of Living course is designed to detox the body, and in this process the body is left calmer, and people are left with a lot more clarity and presence of mind.''' ,'''I'm happiest with Indian veg food, especially potatoes. I love anything to do with potatoes!''' ,'''Aiyana is my heart that runs around and lives outside my body. We have spent the last nine years so utterly together. Bringing her up almost single-handedly has been exhilarating, exhausting and empowering.''' ,'''I've looked inside myself, and I'm rather happy with what I found. I've discovered my depth, and I am not afraid to be alone in this world anymore.''' ,'''For Diwali, reds, oranges and another color is a vibrant yellow which I always love - sunflower yellow is attractive no matter which season you are wearing it in.''' ,'''Spirituality gives you better understanding of the commercial world.''' ,'''The fact is that more gratitude one shows, the greater are the blessings one receives from life's natural forces.''' ,'''Delhi is truly the fashion address of the country, and some of the best designers from there are ruling Mumbai.''' ,'''I love South Indian food.''' ,'''There's a lot of fun in life - and it's not about being serious all the time either. But it is about simplifying one's life to the level where one can be joyful, healthy and have gratitude for all that one has been given.''' ,'''In our present age, while materialistic pursuits are important, the gentler aspects of life are being overlooked.''' ,'''There have been several turning points in my life but meeting my guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankarji numbers amongst the biggest of them.''' ,'''As Leander does not have a strong case in court, he is resorting to underhand tactics through a few tabloids from time to time to malign my name publicly, without any proof to back his claims.''' ,'''I have been subjected to constant harassment and humiliation by Mr. Abad Ponda with his sexist remarks and insulting comments.''' ,'''I'm open to anything interesting as long as it doesn't clash with my schedule as a mom and wife.''' ,'''I've watched almost six shows at the LIFW, and I loved Ranna Gill for her flowing white skirts with silver coins, Manish Arora's hot pink drain pipe trousers and Rohit Bal's superb finish.''' ,'''In his own way, Leander is also steeped in spirituality.''' ,'''Temple House is starting with clothes, but slowly I plan to extend it to accessories and events.''' ,'''Colors which stand the test of time are Valentino red, white and black. For the festive look, using these colors, you can work with embroidery and sequins to add some bling element to it.''' ,'''I'm not ecstatic about Leander doing films. But, I respect his decision to explore his options, although I feel that he's really doing well in the field of sports!''' ,'''Well, when you spend 10 years with a person, the time spent will always be a part of your life in some way.''' ,'''Who wants to live a life full of fights, blackmails and accusations?''' ,]
+++