+++
author = "Alexis Ren"
title = "Alexis Ren Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Alexis Ren Quotes"
keywords = "alexis ren,alexis ren quotes,alexis ren quote,alexis ren sayings,alexis ren saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've, like, lived in a bikini my entire life, so modeling bikinis was, I don't know. It was just so natural to me.''' ,'''I overworked myself to a point of malnourishment.''' ,'''With acting, it wouldn't be about money: it would be about taking my life experiences and using them to create art.''' ,'''I'm proud of how strong and capable my body is.''' ,'''I'm really healthy, and that's one of the things I pride myself on.''' ,'''I hate when people say I Photoshop myself.''' ,'''I'm from Santa Monica, which was an awesome place to grow up. You're very spoiled being from California. When it's below 70, you complain. When it rains, you talk about it.''' ,'''Looking up to girls for inspo is a beautiful thing, but comparing yourself is what creates the anxiety and self-hatred. It's really important that young girls know the difference.''' ,'''I love creating art, whether it's with photos, my own body, or clothes.''' ,'''I'm from L.A., and we don't usually get out of our workout clothes if we're in them.''' ,'''It's OK to not be OK.''' ,'''I have this thing called my 'Post It People': they're my closest family members. Those are the ones who count. The ones who I put their word as something special to me. So if they're all like, 'No you're good, we love you, we know who you are as a person,' then I don't take anything else personally, 'cause those are the ones who matter - my family.''' ,'''I think of the sun as my battery, my charger.''' ,'''I would look at my profile and be like, 'Look at this girl! She has, like, the most perfect life!' and I would feel so guilty for not feeling blessed all the time.''' ,'''If I can make a girl's day by hugging her, hell yeah, I'll hug the crap out of her.''' ,'''I was on Tumblr when I was 12 or 13. I was on YouTube, too. I had a channel and made music videos. It had 50,000 subscribers.''' ,'''I accept my body, whether it fluctuates 10 pounds. I love it regardless.''' ,'''I have nothing to hide.''' ,'''I think being vulnerable to other humans is a form of strength.''' ,'''I look up to Gigi Hadid. I love where she's taken herself, I love what brands she's working on. I respect her because I understand... I mean, girls like her open the doors for girls like me. So all I can do is thank her.''' ,'''I have to get at least 20 minutes of sun every day. An hour is the best because it's good for you. You need it. I need it to have that little spark.''' ,'''I pay for my own things, and that's how I've always been since I was 15.''' ,'''I love a guy who knows who he is, can make me laugh, and challenges me intellectually.''' ,'''I always associate blonde with sunshine and puppies and happiness, but I don't think sexiness.''' ,'''I was home-schooled my entire life and never been in a classroom.''' ,'''I don't tan my face, ever, because I don't want sun spots.''' ,'''Pretty much the only thing I wear is either a little bit of concealer or a bronzer, and that's it. And highlighter, of course.''' ,'''I don't think that people should be confined to any particular aesthetic.''' ,'''It's hard to gain respect in fashion, especially if you're coming from social media, so it's been challenging at times.''' ,'''I appreciate Love Advent because they like to experiment with creatively different concepts that are unforgettable and fun to shoot!''' ,'''I started Instagramming, like, my model life, per se, when I was 14. I got into it as, like, this is an opportunity to be able to show yourself not just as a pretty face but as a personality, which I think models have never been able to have until now.''' ,'''I'm very ambitious when it comes to business.''' ,'''I felt like my body was the only reason why people liked me.''' ,'''I love to show off my body, and I feel like I earned it.''' ,'''Because of how much I've gone through, I want to say I'm more wise than my age.''' ,'''I love talking about space, our society, and what the future holds for us as a civilization.''' ,'''People think I don't have substance and I'm just another pretty face.''' ,'''Mid-morning is a good time for selfies because of the natural light.''' ,'''Lighting is everything in order to get the 'perfect' selfie.''' ,'''I don't like tan lines, and I work out a lot.''' ,'''I started posting on my social media super-young. I didn't really understand what it was. When I was about 15, I started posting behind-the-scenes of shoots, little things of me holding up the color corrector, cute things, me in a bikini. It was just all innocent and fun, and I saw people really starting to respond to it.''' ,'''I was my worst critic ever.''' ,'''I hate being categorized.''' ,'''The idea of being a designer is always something that has intrigued me.''' ,'''I've gone through a lot as far as health.''' ,'''My biggest thing is that I never want to sell out. Or be a sellout.''' ,'''I love documentaries and TED talks.''' ,'''I have to have sun. That's why I travel so much.''' ,'''For my bikinis, the smaller the better. That's how I've always been.''' ,'''I don't work this hard on my body to be like, 'Nah, don't look at it.'''' ,'''I love being challenged, goofing off, and lots of passion.''' ,'''I like challenges, and I hate being categorized. It's always been a thing of mine.''' ,'''Coconut oil is my best friend - I put it all over my body every night. And in the morning, I wash it off so I'm not all greasy.''' ,'''People tend to judge a book by its cover. I love being unexpected and gaining respect for who I am and not how I look.''' ,'''I'm from L.A., and when you work out in the day, you usually stay in your workout clothes. So I always liked it where I can go to meetings in my workout clothes and still feel on it and fashionable.''' ,'''I consider myself a nerd. I love science and technology.''' ,'''My all-time favorite TED talks are Brene Brown's 'The Power of Vulnerability' and Sir Ken Robinson's 'Do Schools Kill Creativity.'''' ,'''It's not healthy to ever put someone first before yourself.''' ,'''I don't use the front-facing camera because the quality of selfies isn't as good.''' ,'''Chemically, if you are not happy, your body will not look or be happy.''' ,]
+++