+++
author = "James Dobson"
title = "James Dobson Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 James Dobson Quotes"
keywords = "james dobson,james dobson quotes,james dobson quote,james dobson sayings,james dobson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Homosexuals can be, you know, committed to each other. And they have freedom to behave in the ways that they do, but they cannot be a family. They cannot be married. I mean, virtually every culture in the history of the world has considered marriage to be between one woman and one man.''' ,'''My legacy doesn't matter. It isn't important that I be remembered. It's important that when I stand before the Lord, he says, 'Well done, good and faithful servant.' I want to finish strong.''' ,''''Dare to Discipline' was published in 1970 in the midst of the Vietnam War and a culture of rebellion. The book was written in that context, but the principles of child rearing have not changed.''' ,'''When I was about ten, I was very impressed by the way Tarzan could swing through the trees from vine to vine. No one ever told me, 'Don't try this at home.'''' ,'''I do believe that Israel is covenant land. That's very controversial, but I read the Bible literally, and I believe that God gave them that land, all the way back to Deuteronomy.''' ,'''Clearly, unless the Lord chooses to explain Himself to us, which often He does not, His motivation and purposes are beyond the reach of mortal man. What this means in practical terms is that many of our questions - especially those that begin with the word 'why' - will have to remain unanswered for the time being.''' ,'''Should Sen. McCain capture the nomination as many assume, I believe this general election will offer the worst choices for President in my lifetime. I certainly can't vote for Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama based on their virulently anti-family policy positions.''' ,'''I'm certain that most couples expect to find intimacy in marriage, but it somehow eludes them.''' ,'''God has called us to be His representatives in our nation and in our world. Select candidates who represent your views and work for their election.''' ,'''There is no greater privilege in living than bringing a tiny new human being into the world and then trying to raise him or her properly during the next eighteen years. Doing that job right requires all the intelligence, wisdom, and determination you will be able to muster from day to day.''' ,'''Males and females are unique and different, because their brains are different. There's not a limitation on girls. My grandmother was very strong, and so was my mother. She also knew what it meant to be a woman and wife and was very successful at it.''' ,'''I don't believe that homosexuals really want to marry, most of them. They're all different, and some have different views.''' ,'''Prayer and dependence on God has been our history. How unfortunate it is now that an unaccountable and unelected and misguided judge from Wisconsin, Judge Barbara Crabb, has declared National Days of Prayer - established by the Congress - to be unconstitutional.''' ,'''Sometimes we're so concerned about giving our children what we never had growing up, we neglect to give them what we did have growing up.''' ,'''The institution of the family has very few friends in Washington. There are lobbyists in Washington for every possible entity, from the possum-growers of America to every kind of crazy thing. There's somebody in Washington paid to advance the cause of that particular business, but there's not a lot of support for the family.''' ,'''If two men or two women can marry, then there is no way a court could deny three men and two women or any combination thereof.''' ,'''Since 1775, when the first Continental Congress called for a national day of prayer, there have been such events called for by almost every President. I saw the figures - 34 out of 44 Presidents have called for a national day of prayer. Some of those who didn't have died in office.''' ,'''Don't marry the person you think you can live with; marry only the individual you think you can't live without.''' ,'''I'm working as hard as I ever have.''' ,'''Dick Armey is an economic conservative. He is not a social conservative. He doesn't like to talk about marriage and about the unborn child, the sanctity of life and things like that. He wants to talk about smaller government.''' ,'''If traditional marriage is not the law of the land, the institution of the family will cease to exist.''' ,'''I don't want to make a mistake that would hurt the cause of Christ late in my life, so I'm going to do everything I can to bring many people to Christ. If he can use me in that regard through 'Family Talk,' that will be my greatest legacy.''' ,'''The United States has been from the beginning greatly influenced and primarily influenced by the Judeo-Christian system of values.''' ,'''Here's why I cannot vote for Rudy Giuliani. He's pro-abortion. He's never repudiated gay marriage in New York City or at least the civil unions in New York City. He's called a champion of gay rights. Rudy is opposed to school choice. He's in favor of open borders.''' ,'''One of the most important responsibilities in the Christian life is to care about others, smile at them, and be a friend to the friendless.''' ,'''Unfortunately, many young believers - and some older ones, too - do not know that there will be times in every person's life when circumstances don't add up - when God doesn't appear to make sense. This aspect of the Christian faith is not well advertised.''' ,'''I don't blame homosexuals for being angry when people say they've made a choice to be gay, because they don't.''' ,'''I believe in the death penalty.''' ,'''A disturbing prospect looms before us as Americans consider the possibility of a second term for President Barack Obama. Millions of conservatives who revere the Constitution, with its guarantees of freedom and limited government, have watched with alarm as the campaign season has unfolded.''' ,'''My greatest concern is that Mitt Romney seldom addresses the social issues publicly... I'm referring to the sanctity of human life, the traditional definition of marriage, and religious liberty.''' ,'''I would like to thank those who spoke boldly against the 'gay marriage float' in the 2014 Rose Parade. Apparently, that vigorous opposition came from perhaps millions of people, and it had a significant influence on how the matter was handled on network and cable television.''' ,'''My observation is that women are merely waiting for their husbands to assume leadership.''' ,'''Children are not casual guests in our home. They have been loaned to us temporarily for the purpose of loving them and instilling a foundation of values on which their future lives will be built.''' ,'''I'm still heard on 1,500 radio stations across North America every day, about 220 million people a day in 150 countries.''' ,'''I'm not Catholic, but I have a great deal of respect for Pope John Paul. I think that he has stood firm on the moral issues, and I admire him greatly.''' ,'''Although individual temperaments vary, boys are designed to be more assertive, audacious, and excitable than girls are.''' ,'''Clearly, the Scripture tells us that we lack the capacity to grasp God's infinite mind or the way He intervenes in our lives. How arrogant of us to think otherwise! Trying to analyze His omnipotence is like an amoeba attempting to comprehend the behavior of man.''' ,'''Politics is dirty. Politics is exciting. Politics is often very, very difficult and disappointing. And I really would rather the world would be a little more like it was when my dad was young, where you knew pretty much where people stood on the great moral issues.''' ,]
+++