+++
author = "Amanda Crew"
title = "Amanda Crew Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Amanda Crew Quotes"
keywords = "amanda crew,amanda crew quotes,amanda crew quote,amanda crew sayings,amanda crew saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Life is too short to be doing work that doesn't make you feel happy and fulfilled. I'd rather wait for the right project, as opposed to just taking whatever is handed to me.''' ,'''If I had an idea for a genius app, don't you think I would be getting it made immediately?''' ,'''I've always been a very goal-driven person.''' ,'''When I look for the next project, it's always about, 'Is it going to push me out of my comfort zone? Am I doing something different? Am I working with people who are passionate about what they're doing?' At the end of the day, if I'm going to be bored on set, then I'm not gonna be happy.''' ,'''I did television a lot in my earlier years, so to do the high school student that's just the pretty girl, I've done that before, so I don't have any interest in that.''' ,'''I just have to work on the apologetic side because I'm Canadian. We apologize for everything.''' ,'''For myself, I would rather take less roles and be working on films that I'm passionate about, that are going to challenge me and that I'm going to be growing from. I don't ever want to take a movie just for the sake of working.''' ,'''I have mixed feelings about how fast things are changing as a result of technology. There's no denying that through technology there are amazing things being created that help people with diseases or help people's dreams come true. But there's also this obsession. Social media is the most dangerous of them all.''' ,'''I had a hard enough time in high school, fitting in without having to keep up with Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook - all these ways you have to keep up your image.''' ,'''My biggest beauty tip would be exfoliation, exfoliation, exfoliation! After a lifetime of almost no breakouts, I started having some pretty embarrassing ones and learned that if you don't exfoliate, your skin has a hard time shedding the old skin and therefore clogs your pores and causes zits.''' ,'''How can you not be affected by disappointments relating to work you love so much?''' ,'''I grew up watching stuff with Jim Carey, Robin Williams and Sandra Bullock in them. I've always been attracted to the actors who are a little more off beat.''' ,'''Everyone has different goals. For myself, I would rather take less roles and be working on films that I'm passionate about, that are going to challenge me, and that I'm going to be growing from. I don't ever want to take a movie just for the sake of working.''' ,'''Television has changed. There's obviously the generic shows, but on HBO and AMC, there are some really great series, so I'm not closed off to television. If there's an amazing role with amazing people and a great story, I'd definitely be open to it.''' ,'''I've never seen any ghost, but I definitely believe that there's some sort of something spiritual out there. I mean, there has to be.''' ,'''It's weird but I've never really been the type to have fixations on the leading man actor. I've always been drawn more to the rock star. I love a guy on the microphone commanding an audience.''' ,]
+++