+++
author = "Sibel Kekilli"
title = "Sibel Kekilli Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Sibel Kekilli Quotes"
keywords = "sibel kekilli,sibel kekilli quotes,sibel kekilli quote,sibel kekilli sayings,sibel kekilli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do some weightlifting and use medicine balls as well for balance for my core. I want my stomach to look flat. I have to.''' ,'''A friend forced me to watch 'The Lord of the Rings,' and even though it was a fantastic movie, I could only watch one.''' ,'''I'm acting from my heart. The way how I feel is the way how I act.''' ,'''It's not like I love dragons! Only on 'Game of Thrones!' Our dragons are amazing, and they look really real. But I think after 'Game of Thrones,' I won't be a fantasy fan.''' ,'''I have the feeling that you can get older here in Germany, or in Europe, but in Hollywood, you have to look perfect all the time. So it's really hard.''' ,'''It's so rare, actors who are not vain.''' ,'''I have a coach, but I'm not theater-trained or a technical actor.''' ,'''I have to make sure I don't eat too much chocolate. You can't imagine how hard that is for a German to not eat chocolate.''' ,'''A lot of people in Islamic countries are taking it as a personal offense when people are talking about the violence against women in their culture.''' ,'''It's not my passion to wake up at 6:00 in the morning to do my exercises. Sometimes I really hate it. I'm lazy.''' ,'''Acting for me is like a ping-pong game. That's the secret of acting. When you have a really good actor, I always want to be as good as he is or she is.''' ,'''Actors travel a lot and work long hours, and sometimes you eat at odd hours, so I have to work out to keep my weight at the same level.''' ,'''If I prepare myself for a character, for a role, I always try to understand her.''' ,'''I became an actor when I was 22.''' ,'''When I act, I try to understand the character, why she's behaving like that.''' ,'''Because it was my first time acting in English, everyone on set was difficult to understand. It was a mix of Scottish, Irish, British and American English. To understand a Scottish accent or an Irish accent was so hard.''' ,'''Every woman actress is somewhat vain, and I am, too. You really have to take care of yourself.''' ,'''I wasn't a competitor. I would play outside with my friends, but not really anything like ballet or soccer. I tried to play soccer, and it went badly.''' ,'''It's a dream for everyone to be a part of an American series - a huge, successful series. It's just a gift for me.''' ,'''Every time when I start preparing my character for a movie, I always try to make up and create my own background story for the role in order to fill it with life.''' ,'''Sooner or later, directors in Germany will start casting without regard to where a person is from. It shouldn't matter anymore.''' ,'''I'd like to say it is only average people who revel in the mistakes of others.''' ,'''If you move to Canada, after a few years you call yourself Canadian. In Germany, it's difficult to belong.''' ,'''It's hard when you're not a native speaker, because everyone's laughing, and you're like, 'What was that? Can you tell me again?'''' ,'''I really think that Muslim people should stop raising their boys and girls that way. They instill a macho culture right from the start of childhood. And if you have never learned to treat girls and women respectfully, you will never be able to act differently later on than the men in your culture, and in your family. That's fact.''' ,'''The pressure in Hollywood is bigger to look good than in Germany. In Germany, we are more forgiving. Having a personal coach in Germany is not nearly as common as in Hollywood. In Hollywood, I think everyone has a personal trainer.''' ,'''I think it's so hard to get really, really strong parts where the actress can act. It's rare.''' ,]
+++