+++
author = "Leigh-Anne Pinnock"
title = "Leigh-Anne Pinnock Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Leigh-Anne Pinnock Quotes"
keywords = "leigh-anne pinnock,leigh-anne pinnock quotes,leigh-anne pinnock quote,leigh-anne pinnock sayings,leigh-anne pinnock saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love my little bum and my waist.''' ,'''We know there aren't enough dark-skinned women that are being represented so that was something I really felt like I needed to talk about.''' ,'''I used to have really bad skin when I was younger.''' ,'''I was scared people wouldn't understand because I feel like with racism if you don't experience it, how are you ever going to really get it?''' ,'''I'm not going to lie, the first three years of being in the group, I would look for trolls. I would search Leigh Anne. I would look through Twitter and I would search Leigh Anne from Little Mix, the black girl in Little Mix, I would put these things in my search engines just to see the comments.''' ,'''I didn't feel like I had as many fans as the other girls. It was a strange feeling. I never thought that it was because I was the darkest member of the band. I felt overlooked. So I did everything to make myself more noticed, convinced I wasn't good enough.''' ,'''I have always loved fashion and I have always used it to express myself.''' ,'''Just because we're a girl band doesn't mean that we're not credible artists.''' ,'''When we first started, we all had icons: So Perrie had a flower, Jade had a bow-tie, Jesy had a boombox and I had a cap!''' ,'''Some nerves are good, as it shows you care.''' ,'''I'd rather say something and not say it entirely right than say nothing.''' ,'''I love legs, bums and tums classes.''' ,'''I feel like I've found myself.''' ,'''Do not let anything hold you back - especially the colour of your skin, that's ridiculous and it shouldn't be anything to hold you back.''' ,'''I don't really know who I am. I used to get scared at that thought, but now I've stopped punishing myself for not knowing.''' ,'''The 'Fresh Prince' era is sort of my thing.''' ,'''It took me so long but now I don't care what people have to say about me anymore and it's such a good place to be in.''' ,'''I have got the most incredible fan base who pick me up and we do it for them. This is why we do what we do. They are our fans and they are the best.''' ,'''No matter how far you think you have come, racism exists.''' ,'''We all know that racism is a massive horrible issue in this country and I really wanted to delve deeper into it.''' ,'''Pharrell is so hot.''' ,'''It's important for me to look comfortable with my skin. When I get spotty it just makes me not want to talk to anyone, so it's really important I look after my skin.''' ,'''I'm just a bit of a liability when it comes to driving.''' ,'''When I am on my own, I get nervous and have butterflies.''' ,'''We've always had a voice as a four, we've been a force and we've always been very, 'we stick together on things.'''' ,'''We've made music to boost people up, make people happy and to inspire them.''' ,'''My skin care is really important.''' ,'''We all worry about being beach body ready. It's one of those really annoying things worrying about having the perfect bod. But really what is the perfect body?''' ,'''I hope I can help one person and change things, my work will be done.''' ,'''If anything, I'm now so proud of my skin.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a prude in general, and I tend to cover myself up.''' ,'''I would never represent a brand that didn't represent different shapes and sizes.''' ,'''I really wanted people to see that just because I'm successful doesn't mean I'm not going to be affected by racism.''' ,'''When I walk into work and I see a predominantly white room, I'm like, 'But why?' It doesn't need to be like this. There are Black people that can do these jobs and should be having these opportunities as well.''' ,'''There is such a problem with racism, so to actually just say it and have so many people of colour message me and thank me for saying something... I remember when I used to cry about it to my manager I used to be like: 'Why do I feel like this?' and she'd never say it, and I'd never say it. It was really strange.''' ,'''Sometimes I felt I was being treated differently to my bandmates because of the colour of my skin.''' ,'''My reality is constantly feeling like I have to work 10 times harder and longer to make my case in the group, because my talent alone isn't enough.''' ,'''We set our goals very high from the start.''' ,'''We met Prince Harry!''' ,'''Me, Jesy and Jade were all told at our first audition that they could see us in a girl group. All of us were a little bit disappointed because they thought we weren't good enough on our own.''' ,'''Why should anyone get treated differently, because of race, sex, or whatever? We're all human, we all breathe, we all have souls, hearts and I guess, all we can do is keep pushing this positive message.''' ,'''My reality was feeling lonely while touring to predominately white countries where I sing to fans who don't see me, don't hear me, don't cheer me on.''' ,'''Even when we first got put together we always said we wanted to do music to inspire people, that was our main aim. We started out like that.''' ,'''What we're trying to push, as a group, is just equal rights.''' ,'''It's not enough to just say 'I'm not racist' because you're not a purveyor of overt racism. If you benefit from the system, knowing that people are being oppressed and affected by it, then you are racist.''' ,'''Anybody is a beach body is what I love to say.''' ,'''I can speak for pop music and representation is nowhere near where it should be. We're taking inspiration from black people but why am I not seeing more black people?''' ,'''Know your power, believe in yourself and don't let anyone dim your light.''' ,'''More people are speaking out about... well, everything. And that kind of gave us the confidence to feel like we could speak out a bit more about things.''' ,'''If we want to wear a jumper and it says something weird on it and everyone says 'what are they wearing,' we don't really give a crap.''' ,'''When we did Party in the Park it was in front of 70,000 people and that was amazing. But with smaller crowds, you can see everyone looking at you. We're like 'eeeee!'''' ,'''I went on safari and there were all these lion cubs rolling around like cats and they were so cute and I just wanted to hug them! But you can't coz you'll get eaten... It was really hard!''' ,'''We're just four girls with attitude, aren't we? It just happened naturally. And with songs like 'Joan of Arc,' they needed that rap-y take on it. 'Wasabi' has that clap-back-to-the-haters vibe.''' ,'''I've basically just got Aesop products. I am obsessed with it. I have the cleanser, the toner and then moisturiser. It has fixed my skin.''' ,'''I got a C for science!''' ,'''What I address is that I know that if I was some shades darker that I wouldn't be in the band. I think that was so important for me to address because it is true.''' ,'''I learned that the dream of being in the biggest girl band in the world came with its flaws and consequences. Consequences such as knowing about the existent underlying racism in the creative industries.''' ,'''I wanted to use my voice to address colourism because I am so aware of how awful it is and it is just something that needs to be spoken about.''' ,'''We're very approachable. We are four normal, silly, weird girls. We want people to feel like they can come up to us and have a chat. We're like your friends.''' ,'''I never said that I was going to do a documentary talking about my experiences of colourism. I think people took it the wrong way with the working title - 'Leigh-Anne: Race and Colourism.' That's not what I was doing, I'm here to amplify the voices of darker-skinned women and hear their experiences.''' ,'''We're proud of how we've stuck together, stood our ground, surrounded ourselves with strong women and are now using our voices more than ever.''' ,'''We know already there is not enough representation of dark-skinned women in the media - that's just a fact.''' ,'''A compliment goes a long way.''' ,'''All females are so powerful and so strong, and they just need to be reminded of that. And also, when we stick together, we're a force.''' ,'''During the first couple of years of being in the band, I did feel invisible. I remember crying to my manager regularly, I just couldn't seem to find my place and didn't know why.''' ,'''Me and my sisters never saw race as a limitation on what we wanted to achieve... One thing we were doing were sleeping on racism.''' ,'''I feel like if I had more diversity in my team I'd have been better equipped to deal with the experiences I had.''' ,'''We're very lucky because our fan base is so dedicated that they want to have a hard copy of our album. They want to own it, have it in their hands.''' ,'''We've been around New York City so many times now driving back and forth to places.''' ,'''We've done some incredible things!''' ,'''It is so important for people to speak out if they see any injustices.''' ,'''It's so necessary in this industry. You need people around you, I couldn't do it on my own.''' ,'''You have to create music that people will buy into and show who you are as an artist.''' ,'''I wanted everyone to feel included by In 'A' Seashell as far as possible.''' ,'''Well, no wild animal is really going to appreciate a hug, to be honest.''' ,'''I had a recurring dream when I was younger where red foxes would chase me under tables. It was so weird. And I kept having the same dream.''' ,'''Joan of Arc' is about not feeling scared to call yourself beautiful. Why shouldn't you!?''' ,'''For me, diversity is just so important and I want my children to be able to watch TV and see themselves.''' ,'''To have an edit with ASOS - I just love ASOS - every piece is wicked, and I love how versatile it is.''' ,'''For too long people have been scared to offend people, or to say the wrong thing. You know what? You might say the wrong thing, like I might say the wrong thing, but we're all learning, and how are we ever going to see any type of change if we don't?''' ,'''I think when you look at Little Mix you think pop, colour, you think fun - you don't really think that there are actual things that we all go through, but we all do go through things and we do have a lot to say.''' ,'''I like 'Yabai!' That just rolls off the tongue. It means sick, wicked in Japanese.''' ,'''Our mums came on tour and mine was baffled by it all. She kept saying in the car: 'You just do this on your own? Don't you want to be with people? This is so lonely!' I guess we're just used to it. It is a funny little world.''' ,'''I know there are girls of colour out there who have felt the same as me. We have a massive problem with racism, which is built into our society.''' ,'''My reality is feeling anxious before fan events or signings because I always feel like I'm the least favoured.''' ,'''Racism, colourism, it is massive and I wanted to make sure I addressed colourism as well, so I'm happy I did that.''' ,'''It's not easy being a female in the U.K. pop industry. We've seen the white male dominance, misogyny, sexism and lack of diversity.''' ,'''Who's not played spin the bottle? But I never done the kiss version. I always wanted to, but I never did. We did the truth or dare one instead.''' ,'''To be anti-racist you have to be actively a part of dismantling the systems that surround you and the systems that you benefit from.''' ,'''Every body is a perfect body. Perfection doesn't exist. Perfection is whoever you are because however you were made was perfect. You don't need to change for anyone.''' ,'''We were doing a gig in Spain and yet again had four hotel rooms that never get used. We always share a bed. So we're all in bed together and we've all got wind. And we thought it would be funny to put it on Instagram. Farting on cue.''' ,'''I love old-school clothes. Things from the 90s, baggy jeans, the crop tops; just really old-school, colourful things.''' ,'''These sorts of conversations should be second nature, it shouldn't be hard to talk about race.''' ,'''I know there are girls of colour out there who have felt the same as me.''' ,'''For years within the group I felt very overlooked and invisible, and I carried these feelings for such a long time. I just felt like no matter what I did, it was never on par with the other girls in the group.''' ,'''I reckon we work better in front of big crowds.''' ,'''I never let anyone tell me anything growing up and I knew I wanted to be a singer. I would say to every single person that entered my life, 'I'm going to be a singer, I'm going to be on billboards and I'm going to smash it!' You have to put it into the universe, you've got to be positive and not let anything hold you back.''' ,'''Although I feel like R&B is becoming bigger in the U.K., I still feel like the representation isn't where it should be in comparison to America.''' ,'''Imagine if everyone spoke out about injustices. We would be in a better place, I think.''' ,'''Too far often, Black people are reminded of how far we have come as opposed to how far we can go. In doing this, we sleep on racism.''' ,]
+++