+++
author = "Nicole Ari Parker"
title = "Nicole Ari Parker Quotes"
quotes_len = "48"
description = "the best 48 Nicole Ari Parker Quotes"
keywords = "nicole ari parker,nicole ari parker quotes,nicole ari parker quote,nicole ari parker sayings,nicole ari parker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's not how pretty you are or how talented you are. It's that if these five people on this day in this room like you, then you get a job.''' ,'''You think you need the newest shoe and the newest outfit. We forget exercising is free. We forget it only takes a little bit every day.''' ,'''Nobody can tell you how to be a good wife or husband.''' ,'''Hair is an issue for most women, and after washing, blow-drying, flat-ironing, curling, braiding, twisting and spending the time and money on it, who wants to mess it up by sweating and having to do it all over again?''' ,'''Take all the hype out of the exercise and think of it as brushing your teeth.''' ,'''Raising children uses every bit of your being - your heart, your time, your patience, your foresight, your intuition to protect them, and you have to use all of this while trying to figure out how to discipline them.''' ,'''I went to an all-girls private school, where we played field hockey and lacrosse.''' ,'''A guy once told me that I sound like I'm a little ahead of myself. I can't wait to thank him at the Oscars.''' ,'''I enjoy using coconut oil - not only for my skin and hair, but I'll digest it.''' ,'''When you set a play in the French Quarter in New Orleans, it's hard not to acknowledge the whole African-American, French, white mixing of races. That's what the French Quarter is: it's a Creole community.''' ,'''Every parent knows this moment in a child's age when he or she needs your attention in a very specific way because it's the beginning and ending of the early life of imagination. It's such a responsibility.''' ,'''My humor is a lot like Kristen Wiig's from 'Saturday Night Live' or 'Bridesmaids.' Quirky, off the beaten path.''' ,'''Any actor will tell you that you go where the work is, especially when you have children.''' ,'''Honestly, working with Eddie Murphy was mind-blowing just in terms of the budget alone. To see the respect he commands, to witness his presence, you understand why he and people like Martin Lawrence are stars.''' ,'''I have a real no-nonsense dad who taught me how to be resilient at a very young age.''' ,'''I did everything pretty cliche as an actor in New York. I read the trades, I sent out 'head shots.'''' ,'''I love Malcolm Lee and jumped on the opportunity to work with him as a director.''' ,'''I love the theater. I love being on stage; I love the live audience. I also love dressing up and all of the make-believe.''' ,'''My daughter has a vivid imagination, and so does my son.''' ,'''I have friends struggling with autism, juvenile diabetes.''' ,'''There are so many things that go into a surgical study.''' ,'''Between the kids, the jobs and everything, no matter what color you are, cardio is probably not on the top of your list.''' ,'''I have one little pooch-y stomach in a picture, and all of a sudden I'm pregnant.''' ,'''We're all moving at such a high rate that we have to grab the frozen dinners and the McDonald's. We can't make it a way of life - we have to get back to real, simple, clean good foods. It will save our lives on so many levels; not just spina bifida, but obesity, diabetes, everything. Food is our medicine.''' ,'''I had a brilliant drama teacher while I was at Roland Park: Ann Mainolfi. But the school was mostly rich in academics. It wasn't like I was prepping myself for a life in acting. There, you prepped yourself to have a stable future. The school's piece de resistance is college prep - it didn't teach you how to audition for a TV show.''' ,'''Once there are more African Americans and Asian Americans behind the scenes as producers, writers, and directors, I think more inclusive casting will happen.''' ,'''I think 'Soul Food' had the biggest impact on me because that's where I was really able to shine as an actress and because I also met my husband there, and that was a huge turning point in my personal life. So, that show will stick with me forever and ever and ever.''' ,'''Exercise is about being grateful for the body you have and sustaining the life you have.''' ,'''If you had to work 14 hour days, Mondays to Fridays, then you have to keep Saturdays and Sundays sacred.''' ,'''All kids want from their dad is for them to be around - and to show up when they say they're going to show up.''' ,'''I believe that we have to be so race-conscious in this day and age.''' ,'''Being a pedestrian again is very exciting because in L.A. you live in your car, and you're on a freeway all the time.''' ,'''My husband and I are loyal to our community and very approachable, even though we're kind of mainstream.''' ,'''One good step breeds another one.''' ,'''Being a parent is the hardest job ever in life.''' ,'''Being away from home was tough, but the challenge and the thrill of being on Broadway was so fulfilling, and I'm thankful to my husband for making it possible and holding it down at home.''' ,'''I couldn't imitate anyone if I wanted to.''' ,'''Spina bifida affects every single aspect of your life, from your child's self-esteem to your ability to sleep at night.''' ,'''Nobody really knows, but I got a little comedy in me.''' ,'''You have to work hard not to take your partner for granted, even when you are tired.''' ,'''I'm really into nutrition from the inside out.''' ,'''I'm kind of floating out there as an artist. I'm in a safe place where I can play a girlfriend or a best friend or a mommy or a lawyer, but a huge part of me is unused. I'm classically trained, historically inclined and somewhat revolutionary by nature, so I'm frustrated as an artist.''' ,'''If you're actually talking to someone who's been through a disastrous number of years, that only means one thing: They survived it.''' ,'''I can be really silly, but I never get to do that. I'm always playing on-the-nose characters, professionals - lawyers, a serious news anchor, people with a really focused energy, which can become a cliched type.''' ,'''God loves you and everything about you, so why beat up on your precious self?''' ,'''Not just as a black woman, but as a woman, since the beginning of time, beauty has been our responsibility.''' ,'''I just want to touch something deep in the heart of humanity. I don't know if that's in movies, producing films, or writing a book, but I'm concerned about our spiritual well-being as a human race. I want to impact people in a way that makes us all reach for our best.''' ,'''You shouldn't marry unless the both of you are on the same page on a lot of things. Life is going to deal you blows, and you have to be together. Your values and priorities have to be on the same page; otherwise, it won't work.''' ,]
+++