+++
author = "Li Na"
title = "Li Na Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Li Na Quotes"
keywords = "li na,li na quotes,li na quote,li na sayings,li na saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In badminton, they use a lot from the wrist. But I use a lot from the shoulder.''' ,'''When I got into the sport I was so fat that my manager said he should send me to boot camp to lose the weight!''' ,'''I think because I was the first Chinese player to win a grand slam, people were thinking: 'She's not like normal people.'''' ,'''I always had a powerful serve. It's one of the best in women's tennis. It's very good to have a weapon like that.''' ,'''I just follow my heart.''' ,'''People know what I'm doing.''' ,'''I do what I want.''' ,'''China tennis - we're getting bigger and bigger.''' ,'''I feel like my whole life only tennis.''' ,'''The woman's tour is very tough for all of the players.''' ,'''Of course, after I retire I want to be the housewife, really.''' ,'''I've played in a lot of big matches and you learn from them.''' ,'''I don't know how many years I can still play. I have to listen to my body and see how it feels.''' ,'''I think players changing coaches is normal.''' ,'''I'm still happy, I like this life.''' ,'''If I didn't do well at Wimbledon maybe Chinese people will forget about me.''' ,'''Tennis is best of three sets, so even if I lose the first set, I still have a chance.''' ,'''I just feel exciting.''' ,'''Just because you win the French Open it doesn't mean you can do well at Wimbledon.''' ,'''I just keep fighting and try to be the last one standing.''' ,'''I don't need to worry about being idolised.''' ,'''If I have children, after school they'll always feel happy energy in the home.''' ,'''The weather for me is nothing special. The weather couldn't kill me.''' ,'''I would like to say now I was very enjoy the life right now.''' ,'''I felt sad because everyday I had to wake up early to practice before going to school. After school I had to go back to tennis again, and then after tennis I had homework. I didn't have time to play.''' ,'''People in China say: 'If you love your children, send them to New York. If you hate your children, also send them to New York.'''' ,'''It's always tough when you're fighting with your husband on the court.''' ,'''I'm married. Who cares about me?''' ,'''I really do not think about 'Oh, right now I have to defend those points and this title.' I just really want to enjoy playing on the court, in front of the fans.''' ,'''It was a big decision to leave the system because many people said I would fail.''' ,'''I never thought I could win the French Open.''' ,'''I love New York City.''' ,'''When you do one thing, people think it's right or wrong. Maybe half-half.''' ,'''I need some time to recover. I'm not a machine.''' ,'''I would prefer to have no money but to have a nice family and good friends around.''' ,'''I look forward to competing.''' ,'''Of course you're nervous going into a final.''' ,'''The first time I showed the tattoo, it was big news in the newspaper: 'She has a tattoo with a snake.' It's not a snake.''' ,]
+++