+++
author = "Bernard Hill"
title = "Bernard Hill Quotes"
quotes_len = "5"
description = "the best 5 Bernard Hill Quotes"
keywords = "bernard hill,bernard hill quotes,bernard hill quote,bernard hill sayings,bernard hill saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had a really good time working with Jim Cameron. A lot of people didn't, but I did as I got on with him really quite well. For a director who spends most of his time looking down a lens or in the digitisation studio or working out some graphics, he is actually very good with actors.''' ,'''I don't understand why people expect tips. In hotels you order food in your room, and it's already more expensive from the room service menu, so it's a cheek to expect a tip on top. I do sometimes reward good service, but it should be at my discretion, and I'm not going to be held to ransom.''' ,'''There was an undercurrent of poverty throughout my childhood. We lived with my grandmother in her two-bedroom flat, and I slept with my parents. We had cheap holidays, I had to save for my bike and get a paper round as soon as I was old enough.''' ,'''Actually, parts of New Zealand remind me of Suffolk. There's not many flat bits, but just the atmosphere there. There's a kind of a core tranquility about it, a kind of assuredness that this is fairly close to approaching the perfect way to be.''' ,'''I grew up in Manchester, and we were very poor. My father was a miner who joined the Navy during the war and developed a lung disease and had to have a lung removed.''' ,]
+++