+++
author = "Ryan Leaf"
title = "Ryan Leaf Quotes"
quotes_len = "94"
description = "the best 94 Ryan Leaf Quotes"
keywords = "ryan leaf,ryan leaf quotes,ryan leaf quote,ryan leaf sayings,ryan leaf saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I bought my first house I had all these red flags on my credit report because I bounced a bunch of checks to places like Pizza Hut and stuff like that for $13 or $15 because I was trying to feed my O-linemen.''' ,'''Football is just a game. Everybody takes it so much more seriously than it is, but there are many more important things in my life.''' ,'''I don't look at myself and think I'm that special.''' ,'''About a year after I retired from playing, I decided that I wanted to getback to college, where I had the greatest time of my life, and to get involved with college football.''' ,'''Put me in the game, and my team will win 9 times out of 10.''' ,'''The NFL Legends Community is the epitome of service. This isn't about promoting you anymore. It's about promoting something bigger than you.''' ,'''How you deal with things is what matters.''' ,'''When I retired, I took my money from the financial planner and proceeded to present the front that everything was fine. I had to pretend I still made $5 million a year.''' ,'''Every time I stepped on the practice field when I was in San Diego, I dreaded going to work. It wasn't any fun. I didn't like the people I was playing with. They didn't like me.''' ,'''In college, my best friends were an offensive lineman, a wide receiver and defensive back. In the pros, when you leave the practice field, players go their separate ways because they are married.''' ,'''The third game of my career, we played Kansas City and I played as poorly as I've ever played in my life. I completed one of 15 passes and had two interceptions.''' ,'''Guys like me can put on 10-15 pounds in a week.''' ,'''I was a college coach, and I messed up. And I found a way to deal with the consequences and be better.''' ,'''If you look like a ghost, you feel like a ghost.''' ,'''If you deny the fact that things are happening to you, that this is going on, whether it's negative or positive, you're just putting yourself behind the 8-ball because you're not facing it head on and dealing with it in a positive way that you've learned how to.''' ,'''Being vulnerable is not a weakness.''' ,'''I've made mistakes and made them bigger because of the way I have reacted to them.''' ,'''When playing football became a job, it lost its luster for me.''' ,'''I look back and see the integrity my dad had, but I didn't gravitate toward that. I don't see how I didn't.''' ,'''When people ask where I'm from, I tell them Washington, because that's where I feel the most comforted by the people.''' ,'''There's freedom in being rigorously honest. I lied all my life.''' ,'''Coaching in college is not a right. It's a privilege.''' ,'''Certainly, with my giant overinflated ego, playing in the CFL would have been like failing.''' ,'''The farther I go East in the U.S. the more I get recognized because of more sports crazy the East Coast is.''' ,'''If you can't admit your faults how can you ever grow?''' ,'''I was fighting a war on two fronts. I was fighting the best defenses in professional football and I was fighting the media. At that level you just cannot do that. You just cannot do it. I couldn't stop it, and I didn't try to stop it.''' ,'''When I enjoyed football the most was when I wasn't getting paid.''' ,'''I do follow the NFL. It took me a while to get back into it, but I do follow it religiously now. Huge Packers and Steelers fan.''' ,'''I didn't know how to deal with real life issues the right way as a humble human being until I was humbled to the point of being put in a jail cell.''' ,'''I'm the kind of competitor where if I'm able to play, I've got to play.''' ,'''I had this giant ego of an athlete, but I was self-conscious at everything else.''' ,'''I had always been a quick healer.''' ,'''We're all flawed human beings trying to be better but there's consequences to your actions and you have to be accountable for 'em.''' ,'''Many times somebody tried to help me be constructive and I just pushed them away.''' ,'''I mean, Mike Riley is an idiot, but I can't do anything to change that. He wasn't supposed to be a head coach in the NFL.''' ,'''I wanted to be a professional athlete. Young men and women from Montana don't make it to the professional level that often. And I always believed that because I was a great football player that made me better than you. And that's not the case at all.''' ,'''I'm not the type of guy who goes to members of my team or the other team and says, 'Hey, I'm awesome,' because I can improve in so many ways.''' ,'''I spent money on all the wrong things. Private airfare. Things like that.''' ,'''Everybody tells me, 'You're going to be fine.' Well, I know I'm going to be fine.''' ,'''I was good at two things, athletics and lying.''' ,'''The rule is you don't play very long in this league. So you make the most out of it and you have to look at yourself in that fashion.''' ,'''I don't care if I go 2 for 40. If we win, it doesn't matter.''' ,'''I know the Chargers made mistakes, but I made a bunch of mistakes myself, and I've got to take responsibility for that.''' ,'''You grow from all those things you go through.''' ,'''I have a very small sample size: 2-0 to start my NFL career. Talking a lot of smack. And then I walk into Kansas City and put up the worst football game of my existence. And I've always been this brash, arrogant kind of guy.''' ,'''I don't want to coach in the NFL.''' ,'''I kind of got out of the spotlight and life's never been this good.''' ,'''Lots of time people have the assumption that I'm making so much money that I don't care.''' ,'''How can I go from this poor college kid one day and the next day get a check for $7 million. How's that going to affect me?''' ,'''I don't feel bad for myself.''' ,'''When do you realize when you're a kid that you're going to be great and everybody else doesn't understand that? I don't know. I just felt I could beat everybody.''' ,'''I had two amazing parents, two younger brothers, grandparents, a supportive community. Really loved.''' ,'''I'm actually pretty reserved.''' ,'''I'm stubborn.''' ,'''A lot of times people say they want a fresh start, but you can't really have a fresh start because it doesn't happen that way.''' ,'''When I came into the NFL, there were three things that were very important to me: money, power and prestige. I was powerful now because I was a famous athlete. I had prestige because I was doing what everybody wanted to do. And I had a lot of money.''' ,'''It's hard to transition out of football. Even when you're super successful, guys who have played 18 or 20 years and have won four Super Bowls, they still have difficulty with that transition. They believe they're not ever going to do anything that important again.''' ,'''I've lived on $400 a month in college. I've lived on it fine.''' ,'''I don't judge anybody until I meet them.''' ,'''Everybody's got some things that have happened bad in their past. Mine was just very public.''' ,'''I was a talented egomaniac with a self-esteem problem.''' ,'''I was always worried about what others were thinking about me or how I was being perceived.''' ,'''I was an ego maniac with a self-esteem problem and that's what most addicts are like.''' ,'''I defy anybody to be of service to another human being and not have the most peaceful night of sleep you've had in a long, long time.''' ,'''You don't want to say the money changes you, but it definitely does.''' ,'''People don't understand that if I would have stayed in Tampa, I might have disappeared and people would have forgotten about me. That may be good in some ways, but not in others.''' ,'''I think the failure in the NFL has humbled me in the fact that I don't think I'm the best.''' ,'''Life is life and there are always going to be struggles. But when you're doing the next right thing it seems to make everything a little easier, a little bit better and a lot happier.''' ,'''I thought I was a god. I was more important than you, because I could do this thing where I played a silly sport that made me a better human being, in my eyes.''' ,'''I grew up in Montana and played football my whole life.''' ,'''I've always been a stubborn guy and you've got to beat me up before I'll start doing something.''' ,'''People make too big a deal about me.''' ,'''I don't know if I was ever meant to have that flashy lifestyle.''' ,'''I definitely don't want to do anything associated with the NFL.''' ,'''I had many orthopedic surgeries.''' ,'''I don't make the right choices. I simply don't.''' ,'''I'm going to make a difference in other people's lives because who I am as a person rather than who I was as a football player.''' ,'''People hold me accountable. Before I would push people away, but that's not a way to be successful.''' ,'''People say I'm arrogant or cocky. You know what it is? I feel that I have a good chance to win ball games.''' ,'''There was a joke going around campus when I was at Washington State. It went, 'What's the difference between God and Ryan Leaf?' The punchline was, 'God doesn't think he's Ryan Leaf.'''' ,'''I don't believe I was meant to be a professional quarterback. I was meant to have these life experiences and be an impact on others who've struggled. That's what I'm meant to do.''' ,'''I don't want anybody to know anything about me.''' ,'''I didn't leave school early to sit on the bench.''' ,'''I lied all my life.''' ,'''A lot of people said they prayed for me. I felt their prayers.''' ,'''The hole I've dug for myself is very big.''' ,'''When you're talking to potential professional athletes, I really like to talk about the fact that even though you're a great athlete, that doesn't make you a good person. And if you can build that foundation first, everything else usually follows suit.''' ,'''I grew up in a really supportive environment.''' ,'''I lay my head down every night with a ton of gratitude.''' ,'''Try to be a better person everyday.''' ,'''We're all flawed human beings trying to be a better person on a daily basis and I didn't figure that out for a long, long time.''' ,'''I mean this country is all about second chances. Look at me.''' ,'''Playing in the NFL, it's a privilege, it's not a right.''' ,'''I think that if I was only known for who I was as a football player and only that, it just would have been a tragedy.''' ,]
+++