+++
author = "George Noory"
title = "George Noory Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 George Noory Quotes"
keywords = "george noory,george noory quotes,george noory quote,george noory sayings,george noory saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We may not find the answers. We may not find Bigfoot. We may not find a chupacabra. We may not find out who was responsible for killing JFK, but we're going to keep looking, asking, probing. And one day - you know what? - we may get some of those answers.''' ,'''With the millions of listeners to 'Coast to Coast AM,' I get constant feedback from people who are not happy with the current candidates. Maybe I will run for president in 2012.''' ,'''What I do is create an aura of mystery.''' ,'''I've been a radio and television news person since I was 19 years old. I'm 57 years old now. But the advantage is that I have studied, investigated, and reported over those years on nearly every major story from wars and recessions to grass roots local issues.''' ,'''I believe we could see a North American Union formed. Why else are our borders with Mexico and Canada being left wide open some six years into a War on Terror?''' ,'''It's so critical for people frustrated with the economy, with changing tides in government, who aren't able to hear their voices, questions or their ills being talked about, to have a place for discussing what others won't.''' ,''''Beyond Belief with George Noory' will be an hour-long show that cuts to the heart of what's going on with people today, topics wide-ranging and generally nonpolitical, but even more edgy.''' ,'''It sounds kind of farfetched, yet I can't tell you how many people have had this syndrome... the 'Old Hag Syndrome.' Apparently, there's this little old lady who comes into your room at night, sits on your chest and tries to suffocate you. You can Google her - she'll pop up. She's out there.''' ,'''I have never run for political office, but every night I am reaching out to millions of Americans on the radio and I am deeply concerned that the middle class of the United States is being sold out to multi-national corporations with a globalist agenda.''' ,'''To be on 'Coast to Coast,' you have to be willing to stay awake in the middle of the night. But in return you get a great audience of millions of listeners all across the nation.''' ,'''We need a government that does not give in to a globalist agenda, an agenda I am now convinced seeks to bring American as a sovereign nation and the middle class to their knees.''' ,'''You do something annual every year, don't you?''' ,'''Sometime I wish the aliens would abduct me and crown me as their leader.''' ,'''Our fiat currency is under increasing stress with our large and growing trade deficits. We have a federal deficit that is calculated in the trillions when we take into account the net present value of the future Social Security and Medicaid obligations we are creating today.''' ,'''I'm a staunch believer that we are in an earth cycle. There's no question the planet is changing, and the fact that the Mayans had an end date and their history talks of change, I find that fascinating.''' ,'''Why are we outsourcing millions of high-paying jobs to China and India? Why don't we secure the border and stop the country from being flooded with millions of illegal immigrants? These are important questions on the mind of middle class voters all over America.''' ,'''Well, with prophecy you got to see what happens.''' ,]
+++