+++
author = "Esther Rolle"
title = "Esther Rolle Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Esther Rolle Quotes"
keywords = "esther rolle,esther rolle quotes,esther rolle quote,esther rolle sayings,esther rolle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''Hollywood maids' are so idiotic. They grin at everything. I told Norman Lear I didn't want to play a maid because of that 'hee-hee/grin-grin' attitude, and he said, 'Who said I wanted that?' He told me he wanted two strong women that are the black and white of the same coin. I said, 'Oh, well - in that case, I'll be right there!'''' ,'''I'm not so in love with material things that I'll do anything for money. That allows me the luxury of doing things of value.''' ,'''I don't play Hollywood maids, the hee-hee kind of people who are so in love with their madam's children they have no time for their own.''' ,'''My mother grew up with each of her children - whatever your age, that's the age she'd be when she listened to your stories. She never belittled our problems. It made for something permanent and reliable.''' ,'''I had a wonderful father, and I couldn't bear that television virtually ignored black fathers.''' ,'''I'm glad to take on the role of a domestic because many of your black leaders, your educators, your professionals came from domestic parents who made sacrifices to see that their children didn't go through what they did.''' ,'''We feel we have to put concrete on every inch of land. It disturbs the ecology, and it takes away the experience of a child going out into the woods and seeing all of nature.''' ,'''I don't take roles I can't respect. If I can't find a reason to be respectful of the character, I won't do it because I couldn't do it justice.''' ,'''I ruffle a lot of feathers. And I'm also selective - that makes you a troublemaker. But so be it. I laid a cornerstone for black actors, and that makes me happy.''' ,]
+++