+++
author = "Illeana Douglas"
title = "Illeana Douglas Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Illeana Douglas Quotes"
keywords = "illeana douglas,illeana douglas quotes,illeana douglas quote,illeana douglas sayings,illeana douglas saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I come from a pretty strange family.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Albert Brooks, Nichols and May. I'd like to follow in their footsteps and do comedy films.''' ,'''When we were doing a scene, lots of times we would collapse giggling, because it seemed so silly because it felt like we were doing a home movie at times.''' ,'''I met Patricia Neal, John Houseman. But I loved my grandfather because he was this kind, talented man.''' ,'''We were big Saturday Night Live and Eddie Murphy fans.''' ,'''There's too much insecurity on studio sets, with all the people standing around, whispering.''' ,'''The best situation is where they cast you and then they trust you.''' ,'''I love anything to do with ventriloquism and magic.''' ,'''In high school, my goal was to be a writer for SNL, then I got into the acting.''' ,'''I always wanted to get into the horror genre. I like scary movies. I want to go to the fan shows and sign posters with my head hanging by a thread like a B-movie actress.''' ,'''I had an obsession that I was male characters from movies.''' ,'''I'm a huge poster collector.''' ,'''I wore a lot of vintage clothing. I dressed like a reporter, with a little card in my hat. I had these fantasies of who I wanted to be, so I'd dress like an explorer, a cowboy. I dressed up like Elton John a lot too. That was another period.''' ,'''I loved the idea of the Nerd as Hero, which Ghost World also had.''' ,'''I want to be an animated character. I'm also doing more writing and directing.''' ,'''I like doing movies that relate to people's experience.''' ,'''I love sketch comedy. My real goal is to do something with Albert Brooks. That would be my fantasy. I stay up night and day thinking up stuff he might find funny.''' ,'''I like the idea of capturing people who aren't there to save the world.''' ,'''When I do a character, I try to base it on someone I have met or an experience I've had.''' ,'''God only knows what else is on the web about me.''' ,'''It's nice to see a movie where people are actually succeeding.''' ,'''I've done a few studio films in the last few years where I feel like I've done good work, and then I only end up in two scenes. That's been very disappointing.''' ,'''It was an interesting way to come across in my first big role. To work with Robert DeNiro was very exciting.''' ,'''I know as I'm taking my dying breath, the ambulance guy will ask me why they cancelled Action.''' ,]
+++