+++
author = "Sylvia Browne"
title = "Sylvia Browne Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Sylvia Browne Quotes"
keywords = "sylvia browne,sylvia browne quotes,sylvia browne quote,sylvia browne sayings,sylvia browne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't just talk to the dead.''' ,'''I've always been interested in past lives, because they're earmarks of what creates us.''' ,'''Reincarnation occurs because we decide that we haven't learned enough lessons.''' ,'''My master's degree was in English literature.''' ,'''Psychics can never be 100 percent. I think that would be scary to be 100 percent.''' ,'''What I think a psychic is, unfortunately, I think in this day and age, it's taken on sort of a rancid sound.''' ,'''The more painful it is, tragically, the more you do learn, though, that's the good part.''' ,'''Everyone dreams, but not everybody remembers their dreams because some people go into delta; they go too low.''' ,'''You know what's strange? A lot of men don't dream in color. Women will dream in color more than men.''' ,'''It's so sad: anything that has to do with God, people want to dispel.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm very smart.''' ,'''I don't like tofu. I'd sooner eat a sponge.''' ,'''You know, bad people, I've never seen bad people have angels.''' ,'''Nightmares are releases.''' ,'''I keep a night light on because my room is so full at night, I can't get to sleep!''' ,'''I always tell what I see.''' ,'''A spirit is, like, your mother, my dad, who've made it. They can come around, but they come around in a loving way because they've already made it to God. Most people make it.''' ,'''I have the same problems that everybody else does.''' ,'''I think God gave every one of us a cell phone, we just dropped it.''' ,'''I've always wanted to put a little solarium on the back of my house. You know. Glass.''' ,'''I made the contract with God years ago, that no matter what came through, I would say it, but if I ever hurt someone, I would stop.''' ,'''Animal totems, like the tiger, come from the Other Side to protect us while we are away from Home.''' ,'''I don't think that there is a person that I've met - I'm sure there are - that I've had any conflict with.''' ,'''The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.''' ,'''Dreams really tell you about yourself more than anything else in this world could ever tell you.''' ,'''I do a lot of stuff. I mean, you know, charity work.''' ,'''See, Heaven is not someplace on a disc in the sky floating around, it's right here amongst us.''' ,'''I listen to my spirit guide.''' ,'''Steve Jobs was Galileo in a past life. Discovery was instinctual for him.''' ,'''A ghost is someone who hasn't made it - in other words, who died, and they don't know they're dead. So they keep walking around and thinking that you're inhabiting their - let's say, their domain. So they're aggravated with you.''' ,'''Every person who has a reading with me has an audiotape.''' ,]
+++