+++
author = "Vittoria Ceretti"
title = "Vittoria Ceretti Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Vittoria Ceretti Quotes"
keywords = "vittoria ceretti,vittoria ceretti quotes,vittoria ceretti quote,vittoria ceretti sayings,vittoria ceretti saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are still many places around the globe I would like to explore, and I'm going to trust my modeling career to take me to at least some of them!''' ,'''In the morning, I always eat fruit and yogurt with cereal. And for lunch and dinner, I always have vegetables as a side.''' ,'''I really love large and comfy dresses.''' ,'''I don't often wear mascara in real life, but on-set or backstage, if I'm crying or even if my eyes get watery, I get a Q-Tip, and I wet it with a few drops of water. Then I go lash by lash and clean it up.''' ,'''I studied psychology in school, and I learned how to understand people's feelings, how to get along with people and relate to people.''' ,'''Fashion world is a unique one, and I love being part of it! I find it fascinating.''' ,'''I have an interesting life, and I'm strong.''' ,'''I'm an outgoing girl who speaks well, is well-mannered and also fun.''' ,'''I've always wanted to walk Prada, since I'm Italian. It was really a big thing for me.''' ,'''I'm intrigued by smart people.''' ,'''I don't really do beauty.''' ,'''I love smoothies and Vitamin Water, but I always have some iced tea in my fridge!''' ,'''It's very important to understand how to act in any situation.''' ,'''I don't really do healthy snacks!''' ,'''I really love movies! I have seen so many, I can't say my favourite one.''' ,'''Be kind to everyone you meet - and most importantly, never compare your career to another model's.''' ,'''I love doing things quietly. I love being with friends. I love my parents and my brother Guglielmo. They are essentials to me.''' ,'''When I'm not working, I go for runs. I live around many parks, so it's nice to feel like you're not surrounded by the city.''' ,'''I've always had it inside - this ability to read people, how to get into someone else's head and help them with their problems. And I love when people trust me with their feelings and I can get into any kind of dialogue with them about their inner stuff. I think it's the thing I enjoy most besides modeling.''' ,'''I use a nude color on my nails all the time!''' ,'''If I'm going out and want to go crazy, I put on mascara - and that's it.''' ,'''Feelings come at really unexpected moments to all of us, and they come so fast.''' ,'''Street fashion forever.''' ,'''I didn't always want to be a model, but once I started, I realized how much I loved it.''' ,'''I went to school like everyone else, but I hated it, and I always had a lot of problems. Even my younger brother Guglielmo is the same way: we can't stay cooped up in a room for hours, listening.''' ,]
+++