+++
author = "David Wagner"
title = "David Wagner Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 David Wagner Quotes"
keywords = "david wagner,david wagner quotes,david wagner quote,david wagner sayings,david wagner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you deliver professionals something that makes them feel stronger, then they will follow.''' ,'''Everyone can see that we went for young, talented players under the age of 24 or free transfers where we didn't have to pay a fee for them.''' ,'''I think you have to be honest with yourself. You have to accept your situation and do the best that you can.''' ,'''The German Bundesliga is very interesting for me because I was born and brought up in Germany. I've never worked in the Bundesliga so that makes it more exciting.''' ,'''I don't set targets because sometimes targets are limits and we don't like limits. But I'm not a dreamer, I'm a worker.''' ,'''Everybody has to feel a sense of responsibility for everything in our team this is our mantra and this is what we have always used.''' ,'''This is why I don't usually have to create uncomfortable situations, because we are anything but a typical Premier League club. We got promoted with an £11 million budget.''' ,'''There are moments when I miss England because it was a great time. But it's nice to be back home and working for Schalke, one of the biggest clubs in Germany.''' ,'''The character of the English players is very good. It is a working character. If they are on the pitch they like to work.''' ,'''The biggest problem for me is that if you are in the race you can't develop yourself to try and educate yourself and this is what I loved in my break from football.''' ,'''You can only get better if you're prepared to go beyond your limits at times. That's very important for success.''' ,'''Huddersfield isn't one of the biggest fishes in the Championship and to get bigger you have to find new ways. I've been surprised by how open-minded and innovative everybody is at this club, not only the players but the whole staff, the whole management.''' ,'''You definitely need the right balance. You need players who are technically strong, but also tactically aware players, fighters, creative players. You need big players as well as agile ones.''' ,'''Brave means that we will try to create something for ourselves. Brave means never going backwards when we can go forwards. That is the bravery that we need.''' ,'''But no one knows what happens after, and for sure it would be great to be back in the Premier League at one time in the future.''' ,'''I like speed, I like passion, I like this style of football. Bayern Munich, for example, are very successful and play another style. I respect their style and it is another idea about football that is very successful but, if I had to choose what style I like most of all, it is the style we play.''' ,'''Maybe it's like this: If you haven't done all that much right in the previous season, than perhaps you are more open to change.''' ,'''I am convinced that the better you know your mate off the pitch, the more you are able to work for him on it in uncomfortable situations.''' ,'''It's all about if the club likes to go into the challenge the way I like to challenge.''' ,'''There is never just one path to success. For me personally, these are all just words anyway, because the much more important thing is that you can deliver the right performance on the pitch. The most important thing is that you find a way that suits your team, and that the players believe in that way.''' ,'''We are not a typical Premier League club. So we had to shop in different shops to other Premier League clubs.''' ,'''Exactly the style of football I love is like a terrier. We are not the biggest dog, we are small, but we are aggressive, we are not afraid, we like to compete with the big dogs and we are quick and mobile and we have endurance. We never give up. This small dog has fighting spirit for sure.''' ,'''You can never stop your brain from thinking about what could happen tomorrow or next week or the next hour. It is not possible to close your brain to this in football.''' ,]
+++