+++
author = "Bianca Andreescu"
title = "Bianca Andreescu Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Bianca Andreescu Quotes"
keywords = "bianca andreescu,bianca andreescu quotes,bianca andreescu quote,bianca andreescu sayings,bianca andreescu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me, the sky's the limit.''' ,'''Win or lose, I always learn something.''' ,'''When I meditate, I visualize myself after the match as the winner.''' ,'''It's crazy so many people know my name now. But I really do deserve it because I have put in a lot of work and sacrifices.''' ,'''You never know what next week brings.''' ,'''I'm an only child, and I don't mind being alone.''' ,'''I believe in myself, because I believe anything is possible.''' ,'''I learned how much determination I have and that no matter what the score is, anyone can come back.''' ,'''I want to be an inspiration to as many people as I can.''' ,'''I'm a very independent person.''' ,'''I do creative visualisation techniques in the morning. It's only 15 minutes. I used to do hours and hours of it, but I found that 15 minutes has really helped me, and it's not time-consuming at all.''' ,'''I want to change the sport for the better. I want to do a lot for women's tennis.''' ,'''I never want to take anything for granted.''' ,'''I think I'm getting more and more experience playing on big stages, and I think that's going to help me with everything.''' ,'''Everyone knows how to play tennis, but it's the mind that really controls everything.''' ,'''Maybe I'll buy myself a nice Gucci bag.''' ,'''It's crazy what a year can do.''' ,'''I think I have good hands, so I try to use them to my advantage.''' ,'''I like to hit every shot in the book.''' ,'''I'll just let my tennis talk.''' ,'''I got a message from a little girl just saying that she's starting to play tennis because of me. That was pretty amazing.''' ,'''I guess Auckland just brings the best out of me.''' ,'''I've learned that I can be calm during important points.''' ,'''I'm getting a lot of followers, especially from politicians, which really amazed me. It's really an honour - I'm really grateful for everyone's support.''' ,'''I have a lot of weakness in my core, so that's definitely something I'm improving on.''' ,'''I didn't expect all of this success to come so quickly.''' ,'''There are ups and downs; that's part of tennis. But I'm up for the challenge.''' ,'''My goal is always to qualify, maybe get a couple rounds in, but now I've beaten a couple top players.''' ,'''I can remember watching other Canadians make their big breakouts and saying, 'Hey Mom, when is it going to happen for me?'''' ,'''Seeing a lot of the younger players doing well gives me inspiration.''' ,'''It's nice to let some anger out sometimes.''' ,'''Kerber is an incredible fighter. She redirects her shots. She can hit any shot at any time in any specific place whenever she wants.''' ,'''I was playing 25Ks in Japan, and now I'm the... champion of Indian Wells. It's crazy.''' ,'''I trust myself. I trust my shots.''' ,'''Nothing can distract me.''' ,'''Confidence is almost everything for a player.''' ,'''It's been a crazy ride, truly a Cinderella story.''' ,'''I don't like to look into the future. I just want to stay in the present moment.''' ,'''Venus is a walking, living, breathing legend.''' ,'''The only pressure, I think, is the pressure I put on myself.''' ,'''Now that I am gaining more and more experience and getting more and more confident playing against these top-level players, I am definitely not starstruck anymore.''' ,'''My victory against Venus was the most special. She's is a multi grand slam champion; her sister is Serena Williams. I was like, 'What is going on?' I broke her five times in a row. She is one of the best servers in the game.''' ,'''Ever since I was little, I was changing the pace. I think I was just getting bored on the court, so I was trying anything. It's been working ever since. I've been practicing it, and it's obviously throwing off a lot of players.''' ,]
+++