+++
author = "Neha Dhupia"
title = "Neha Dhupia Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Neha Dhupia Quotes"
keywords = "neha dhupia,neha dhupia quotes,neha dhupia quote,neha dhupia sayings,neha dhupia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Education is equally important in one's life.''' ,'''I am indeed proud to be an Indian.''' ,'''I don't go to the gym to become size zero, I go there to be healthy and fit and it shows in my skin and my hair.''' ,'''I have gained confidence in front of the camera.''' ,'''Comedy is easy. You have to react to what others are saying and it is all about the timing, the dialogue delivery.''' ,'''My fans keep me in good spirits.''' ,'''I feel every profession suffers from a little bit of dissatisfaction from time to time. Even I do feel that way as far as my career is concerned.''' ,'''I really enjoy eating food thats light on the stomach.''' ,'''I love working out. I also go horse-riding and golfing.''' ,'''What I like the most about Indore is its people, they are so caring and loving. Also, the city is culturally and economically rich.''' ,'''My mother has fabulous skin which she gracefully passed on to me.''' ,'''For me everything in life is just basic - really simple, down-to-earth. I am a total family person.''' ,'''For me, to be part of 'Maximum' is another feather in my cap.''' ,'''I don't think I'm that knowledgeable. I don't think I am that good looking even. I feel embarrassed when people say these things to me.''' ,'''Flirting is fun!''' ,'''I have to say that my mother is my real hero. I don't know how she managed two kids in one year - my brother and I are ten months apart. But she did a pretty amazing job.''' ,'''Age is not a factor when it comes to choosing the kind of roles you want to portray or the kind of clothes you wear for a role on-screen.''' ,'''Working on 'Roadies' has been a fantastic experience.''' ,'''It takes all sorts of people to make the world.''' ,'''I want to explore all genres.''' ,'''Ashwini Chowdhary is a very sensitive director. I could give myself 100 per cent to him.''' ,'''Everyone has a different appearance, so blindly imitating fashion trends does not make you look better.''' ,'''As an actor I have no hang-ups whatsoever about cinema. It can be mainstream, art, regional or national.''' ,'''Sometimes films don't turn out the way they were envisioned on paper. And when that happens, one must just forget the entire episode.''' ,'''Well it's very flattering to be on Twitter and have so many followers - but yes, it can be very unforgiving too. It is an invasion of privacy, but the choice is entirely mine.''' ,'''I've always been critical about my work. It pushes me to work harder.''' ,'''Good scripts that are offered to me are few and far between, so I pick the best that I get.''' ,'''Mindless films are usually far more entertaining because the audience just comes for a laugh.''' ,'''I would love to do a period film and work with Shyam Benegal.''' ,'''Social networking is a big boon - I agree to it.''' ,'''The learning from my entire career is: never compare yourself to anyone because it'll destroy you.''' ,'''Whether you're an actress or someone who works in a bank, fitness should be one of your priorities.''' ,'''I think Kangana Ranaut has a great comic timing on screen. Also Kirron Kher. I think she is fantastic.''' ,'''I do have a degree in history.''' ,'''I would love to have a gadget that can be worn in high heel shoes, so that it doesn't hurt!''' ,'''On hindsight, I feel I should have given more time to sports. But I really got bitten by the acting bug.''' ,'''Julie' is very close to my heart. I have worked really hard for it.''' ,'''I love being part of cinema and I don't see myself doing anything else.''' ,'''Had I not been a model at the beginning of my career, probably acting would not have happened.''' ,'''I want to tell everyone out there that there is no reason for you to sit at home when you are pregnant. Make your child ready for life, make him/her feel special.''' ,'''I have always been a huge fan of JLo.''' ,'''Since I wore a bikini at the Miss India pageant, I have no inhibitions wearing it on screen.''' ,'''There are actors who don't get out of their Barbie Doll avatars, but that's not who I am.''' ,'''Sheesha' is a thriller. It was exciting to play my first double role in the film.''' ,'''It's a huge compliment that people continue to cast me in different types of roles believing in me and the fact that I can carry it off.''' ,'''I have to watch my moves very carefully because if there are people to support you, there are also those who would like nothing more than to see you fall.''' ,'''I try to make the most of the opportunities I am presented with.''' ,'''It's really important to be honest to yourself.''' ,'''I don't want to be one of those actors who sits and regrets her career choices later in life.''' ,'''Before the release, I kept saying 'Julie' isn't for sleazy men only. Thank god the audience agreed with me. Otherwise, I'd have ended up looking silly.''' ,'''In short I love my work.''' ,'''I would love to do a sports biopic. I love sports and I think it would be amazing to be a part of a true story and play an athlete.''' ,'''Even though it leaves me sleep deprived, I love every bit of motherhood.''' ,'''What is important is the character that I play. Making an impact is far more important than the length of the role.''' ,'''I surf the net regularly.''' ,'''We came up with 'No Filter Neha' which means having 'unfiltered chats' with guests as first choice to name the show and then we went on to throw 40 more names but later we thought that first one is the best name and went back to it.''' ,'''Having anything to do with a hit film is great. Even if you're a third assistant to the director or second to the editor, if the film does well, every technician, every actor benefits from it.''' ,'''I was born in Cochin August 27, 1980. Since my father is in the Navy, he was often transferred to other cities. When I was nine years old, we moved on to New Delhi.''' ,'''Ritu Kumar's clothes are totally great. Her embroidery is perfect. She lives up to her name over and over again.''' ,'''There is a lot I need to thank God for, everyday. But I think I am blessed because I have a very loving, understanding and supporting family.''' ,'''I have seen and heard a 21-gun salute as my father is in the Navy, but that doesn't mean I don't jump if a gun is fired in my face!''' ,'''When you put up a personal post on social media, you are putting yourself out there because you are sharing something from your personal life.''' ,'''I must confess that Bollywood definitely happened by chance to me, but once it did - I took it up seriously, and made a profession out of it. And it's the best feeling in the world to be enjoying your work and getting paid to do it! It doesn't get better than that.''' ,'''One must take things lightly, after all, we are entertainers and acting isn't rocket science. The trick is, not to take criticism to the heart or analyse things too much.''' ,'''People don't open up when there's a camera.''' ,'''I have a greed to work with good directors.''' ,'''When I am not shooting, I stay as far away from make up as possible and let my skin breathe!''' ,'''I like to work in cinema everywhere.''' ,'''Life beyond movies is a lot to me. My family, my friends, fitness, my music, books - just a combination of things I am very passionate about.''' ,'''I am enjoying every day of being in the film industry and have no regrets at all.''' ,'''There are no shortcuts to success. You have to believe in yourself, and never give up.''' ,'''According to me, every actor is struggling in the industry. Someone is trying to live up to their father's name, or someone is trying hard to retain the number one position.''' ,'''I don't ever want to be an established actor as I don't want this struggle to end.''' ,'''For me, it doesn't matter if I am wearing a dress designed by a renowned designer or a regular dress. How I am carrying myself in it is what matters to me the most. I must feel complete in that outfit.''' ,'''I remember I would always study at the eleventh hour, but still manage to get good marks. I was very active in sports, and I was an extrovert.''' ,'''I have been to Burj-Al-Arab. And I visit Dubai quite often, I really like the place.''' ,'''Give your 100 per cent. Whether you are working or with family and friends. Even if you are sleeping, you should give it your 100 per cent.''' ,'''I will take all the criticism constructively. It will help me to learn and improve with every film.''' ,'''Unglee' has a big heart and it is in the right place. It is very different script. It is not all candy floss.''' ,'''I believe in keeping things simple. I do not believe in overdoing anything. Whatever you are wearing should make you look comfortable and confident.''' ,'''Saying that you're too busy, that there's no time left for a workout is just an excuse - one must make time.''' ,'''When I get saturated by commercial films, I'll probably do another film like 'Siskiyaan.' But yes, as a viewer, I really enjoy commercial cinema; so obviously, as an actor, I would love to be a part of one.''' ,'''Tumhari Sulu' will bring a smile on your face.''' ,'''When there is no work, I create my own.''' ,'''I would love to do a biopic based on Aung San Suu Kyi's life.''' ,'''I refuse some movies. I cannot always give reasons why I refuse. Sometimes, I refuse just because I feel like refusing! I always look at my role, and never bother about who the hero will be when choosing a movie.''' ,'''People think that just because you're an actress, you have to watch your weight and stay slim. While this is true to some extent, fitness is more about health than looking good.''' ,'''Ever since Sushmita Sen and Aishwarya Rai made headlines, every other girl in India wants to be a beauty queen. I was no exception.''' ,'''Thanks to my upbringing, I lead a disciplined life, which is very important.''' ,'''I'm not exclusively into R&B. I like Usher.''' ,'''I am someone who is a fitness freak, I wouldn't skip the gym and eat whatever I want because I have to look fit.''' ,'''For the longest time, I was very conscious of the camera while doing a scene. It wouldn't seem natural. But gradually, I've become more comfortable.''' ,'''I keep my skin clean and moisturised. While shooting, my skin has to put up with severe make up and lights for hours at a stretch. So I am obsessive about taking my make-up off as soon as I am done.''' ,'''Julie' has not been perceived as a sleazy film, and I am grateful for that.''' ,'''When I have time, I would like to do films in my language but I would also like to star in Bengali and Marathi films too.''' ,'''I am a compulsive flirt, and I can flirt with anything.''' ,'''I feel for a film to be accepted, women have to take to it. The women bring the rest of the family to the theatres.''' ,'''I really got into keeping fit during my Miss India days.''' ,'''I feel one should do things which pleases them, and my progression into super model then to an actress and now to an entrepreneur is based on this.''' ,'''I oil my hair once a week at least!''' ,]
+++