+++
author = "Art Bell"
title = "Art Bell Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Art Bell Quotes"
keywords = "art bell,art bell quotes,art bell quote,art bell sayings,art bell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A mind should not be so open that the brains fall out; however, it should not be so closed that whatever gray matter which does reside may not be reached.''' ,'''If someone's a flake, I help them dig their own hole. I let the audience be the judge. And believe me, they are.''' ,'''I get a guest on the air, and they're weird or strange, and I help them tell their story. I don't laugh at them. I listen.''' ,'''I was crushingly bored talking about politics 30 hours a week.''' ,'''Fear is a great motivator. Look at what 9-11 has accomplished - My god. It's slammed the economy, It's - I can't even begin to detail all it's actually done, other than bring down the buildings and hit the Pentagon. It's stunned the entire nation.''' ,'''People are always demanding proof. These are things that are not easily proved.''' ,'''I am going to retire, and it is going to be a permanent retirement.''' ,'''But I do believe in the paranormal, that there are things our brains just can't understand.''' ,'''Is time our invention, or is time a real thing... I realize we're measuring it, but in the cosmic scheme of things, is there really time?''' ,'''Out here, everything is bigger. You see strange things, and that changes you.''' ,'''There is a difference in what people are willing to consider, daytime versus nighttime.''' ,'''I think - no, I'm sure - 'Coast to Coast' wouldn't work with a daytime audience.''' ,'''I'm not a gun nut, but go out on my porch. Look around - what's there? Zero, nothing. If I had a problem out here, well, the police would arrive just in time to draw the chalk outline on my floor.''' ,'''Thousands of people seeing the same thing cannot all be wrong.''' ,'''The net effect of cutting commercials in half is a fairly serious economic reality for Premier - and for me.''' ,'''I don't like something so fantasy-filled that I couldn't imagine it ever happening. I like things that could come true. That's how I conduct the show.''' ,'''CNN is destroying their franchise. They've become either the trial network or the story network.''' ,'''Radio is not a job; it's a way of life. You can't really ever leave it.''' ,'''The 9/11 truthers hate my guts.''' ,'''I talk about weird stuff. What I do only works at night, only on the radio.''' ,'''The greatest question of all is whether our experience on this planet is 'it' or whether there is something else. Things in the supernatural realm give support, strangely perhaps, to the things we take on faith.''' ,'''The question is, why are we doing so well? The answer is, I try not to think about it too much. I just do what's fun.''' ,'''I allow those phones to ring, and I go straight to it. As a result, I get some very, very strange phone calls.''' ,'''There are time when, in effect, you can do no wrong, and there are other periods of time when you can do no right, no matter what you do.''' ,'''I've always been a technological junkie.''' ,]
+++