+++
author = "Mahmoud Ahmadinejad"
title = "Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Quotes"
keywords = "mahmoud ahmadinejad,mahmoud ahmadinejad quotes,mahmoud ahmadinejad quote,mahmoud ahmadinejad sayings,mahmoud ahmadinejad saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do believe that all of the world needs reform. The reform must take place everywhere.''' ,'''I'm not in charge of judgments in Iran. The judicial system in Iran is an independent body of its own, and it follows the laws, and it must operate according to the law.''' ,'''We are not afraid of nuclear weapons. The point is that if we had in fact wanted to build a nuclear bomb, we are brave enough to say that we want it. But we never do that.''' ,'''We have a relationship with Syria, an old relationship. We also have good relations with the people of Syria, with all segments of the population. This is the situation as well in Iraq and other countries.''' ,'''The wave of the Islamic revolution will soon reach the entire world.''' ,'''Every year, millions of people from Iran and Iraq travel to each other's countries, and we also have marriages between Iraqis and Iranians. Many Iranians were born in Iraq, and many Iraqis were born in Iran. This is a kind of special, cordial amicable ties.''' ,'''The best world is one in which all countries cooperate with one another to kind of meet each other's needs and be partners in the process.''' ,'''The government of Iran has no problem with the American nation.''' ,'''The skirmishes in the occupied land are part of the war of destiny. The outcome of hundreds of years of war will be defined in Palestinian land.''' ,'''For this reason, the expansion of relations with all countries is on the agenda of the Islamic Republic of Iran. I mean balanced relationships, based on mutual respect and observation of each other's rights.''' ,'''I think everyone must settle for what is in the parameter of their own rights. No one must have an evil intention toward the territorial benefit or integrity of other nations.''' ,'''Nuclear energy is the scientific achievement of the Iranian nation.''' ,'''I'm an academic. I teach at the university, and that's where I will go back to.''' ,'''Any nation has the right and will indeed defend herself.''' ,'''Our nation is today a powerful nation.''' ,'''We've never been anti-Semitic.''' ,'''The system of domination is founded on depriving nations of their true identity. It seeks to deprive nations of their culture, identity, self-confidence and in this way dominate them.''' ,'''Iranians defend and present their Islamic and Iranian identity to other people worldwide.''' ,'''I believe the people of the U.S. are peace-loving people.''' ,'''Show me one dictatorship in the world that has not been supported by the United States government or some European governments. It almost doesn't exist. I think a dictatorship and hegemony are part of the same phenomenon.''' ,'''We believe that visa quotas should be lifted and people should visit anywhere they wish freely.''' ,'''The United States' administrations... must recognize that Iran is a big power. Having said that, we consider ourselves to be a human force and a cultural power and hence a friend of other nations. We have never sought to dominate others or to violate the rights of any other country.''' ,'''In Iran, people are free to express their views. Every day, some people criticize the policies of the government.''' ,'''The Zionists are very much, very adventuresome, very much seeking to fabricate things, and I think they see themselves at the end of the line, and I do firmly believe that they seek to create new opportunities for themselves and their adventurous behaviors.''' ,'''We do believe that freedom, the right to choose, the right to vote, respect and justice is the fundamental right of all people. All people must obtain these rights.''' ,'''The UN structure is one-sided, stacked against the world of Islam.''' ,'''Of course what is talked about in the U.N. General Assembly is very important. Officials, the leaders of nations, appear there to speak of the most important topics - what they perceive to be the most important topics.''' ,'''We see today that there is a growing understanding in the international community that the extremist regime in Tehran is not just Israel's problem, but rather an issue that the entire international community must grapple with.''' ,'''I pass no judgment about historic events. I defend the human freedoms. Whatever event has taken place throughout history, or hasn't taken place, I cannot judge that.''' ,'''Prior to the United Nations even being formed, Palestine was a country. But the right of the Palestinian people were trampled, and unfortunately, international organizations contributed to those rights being trampled.''' ,'''Fundamentally, I do agree, certainly, people must be allowed to express their own opinions freely. Freedom is part of the essential rights of all nations.''' ,'''People should have freedom in their pilgrimages and tours. They should come and visit historical monuments and sites - let's say the sites around Iran - where they can easily engage in wide- scale contacts with others.''' ,'''It is not just for a few states to sit and veto global approvals.''' ,'''Our dear country, Iran, throughout history has been subject to threats.''' ,'''We desire an expansion of relations with regional states and the establishment of extensive public contacts.''' ,'''Those who insist on having hostilities with us, kill and destroy the option of friendship with us in the future, which is unfortunate because it is clear the future belongs to Iran and that enmities will be fruitless.''' ,'''I cannot determine what people or nations should do, but I do think that extremism gives birth to following and subsequent extremism.''' ,'''Global equations undergo changes, this is their nature.''' ,'''Technical knowledge has now become an integral aspect of the Iranian psyche.''' ,'''For hundreds of years Iranians have been migrating to many parts of the world. They took Islamic culture to other parts of the world and established it there.''' ,'''Fortunately, Iranians are politically active worldwide.''' ,'''Our enemies can deal a blow to us any time they wish. They did not wait for permission to do this. They do not deal a blow with prior notice. They do not take action because they can't.''' ,'''I do hope that all nations can live in complete security and welfare.''' ,'''One can not impede scientific progress.''' ,'''Crime against the individual is the equivalent of crime against humanity.''' ,'''Today, the Muslim world is the poorest of the global powers.''' ,'''In Iran I think nobody loses their job because of making a statement that reflects their opinion. From this point of view, conditions in Iran are far better than in many other places in the world.''' ,'''Cooperation and collaboration among nations and countries can help in the process of development of promoting welfare as well as bringing peace and stability.''' ,'''Governments and nations should sit together and resolve issues. Reforms must be reached through understanding. But others should not interfere.''' ,'''Anybody who recognizes Israel will burn in the fire of the Islamic nation's fury.''' ,]
+++