+++
author = "Ashley Bell"
title = "Ashley Bell Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Ashley Bell Quotes"
keywords = "ashley bell,ashley bell quotes,ashley bell quote,ashley bell sayings,ashley bell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Growing up, I always wanted to always be something new. I thought if I was an actress, I would have a chance at doing it all. What's incredible about this profession is every role you play; you learn a different skill set. That really appealed to me.''' ,'''I've been very physical my whole life. I've done a lot of ballet, fencing and karate, and everything.''' ,'''I'm a huge LeBron James fan. I love The Heat. He's an incredible basketball player.''' ,'''My dad knows every single accent from being an old Yiddish grandpa to being Indian or Jamaican. It was very cool to grow up with that.''' ,'''My dad does tons of voiceovers; he was Duke in 'G.I. Joe' and 'Transformers' and Handy, Lazy, and Grouchy Smurf, so I grew up with the best bed time stories ever.''' ,'''I got into acting for the chance to be many different people and many different characters. I love hiding in a role and doing the research. If there is an opportunity to change my body, I will change my body. I'll slip in and disguise myself in a role. That is a really big treat for me.''' ,'''My dad had such a cool job. When you're a voiceover actor, it's a whole different skill - you're bringing these huge, larger-than-life monsters and characters to life. And, also, you have to learn accents.''' ,'''I come from a theater background. I studied acting at NYU and also the Groundlings in L.A.''' ,'''For me, working is the ultimate vacation, for lack of a better word. Its being in-between jobs were it becomes emotional, and brutal, and draining.''' ,'''It's been said that horror films are experimental forms of art, and I agree. As an actress, you're put in positions and have to experience emotions that are way beyond reality, whether fighting in a post-apocalyptic world or being possessed by the Devil.''' ,'''I always say horror films are great date movies. In the first twenty minutes, you're going to end up in each other's arms.''' ,'''The chance to play a character with a split personality is an actor's dream.''' ,'''Growing up, I was a huge fan of horror movies. There's nothing more fun than going into a movie with a smile because you know you're going to be scared to death. There's something thrilling about sitting there waiting for a scare to happen.''' ,'''Doing voiceovers is so great because even though many people would think it's just your voice, you really do use all your physicality. I've done everything from playing a butterfly to Alice in Wonderland when she's 10 feet tall, so it allows you to be an actor and build new characters.''' ,'''After school, my mom would pick me up and I would just go to visit my dad in the recording studio, and I would see him working with Mark Hamill or hear him doing the 'Transformers' or a 'G.I. Joe' or the 'Rugrats.'''' ,]
+++