+++
author = "Mystikal"
title = "Mystikal Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Mystikal Quotes"
keywords = "mystikal,mystikal quotes,mystikal quote,mystikal sayings,mystikal saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Lil Wayne'll make you wanna jump up, get three jobs, write a song, and do a movie!''' ,'''I come from an era of music when it had heart and soul.''' ,'''It's the least I can do, to come back with some strong music.''' ,'''All you have to do is put me in front of the people and put the beat in front of me, and the rest is history.''' ,'''My girlfriend is rap. Music and albums and records and my kids.''' ,'''I guess I reinvented myself about 18 times throughout my career.''' ,'''All I gotta do is my job, do what it is that I bring to the table - that fire - and put the thump on these songs, and everything's gonna work from there.''' ,'''Dark can't exist with the light. Ain't nothing dark about God.''' ,'''Every body and thing has politics involved. Every. Single. Thing.''' ,'''I'm writing songs to perform, to entertain. And when I'm really trying to get inspired, I go backwards, and I just rap.''' ,'''Respect your success.''' ,'''I just want to make sure to always tell my fans thank you for the support.''' ,'''I did my thing with Jive. I was a national recording artist, but I had run into a wall.''' ,'''The best bounce rapper ain't gonna be able to compete with Jay-Z, not on a major scale.''' ,'''I'm in control of the positions that I allow myself to be in.''' ,'''I try to set trends.''' ,'''Six years is a long time. To leave the fans with their hands in the air and to come back six years later, and the people still have their hands in the air, that's nothing but God. I'm standing in a position that's so humbling.''' ,'''In New Orleans, bounce music was prevalent. That was all they wanted to hear. It was new and trendy, and it was hot, and it was taking off. Artists were coming out of everywhere. They did some great songs, some really catchy, fun songs. That was just the feel of New Orleans music.''' ,'''I have to be able to be the artist that I am.''' ,]
+++