+++
author = "Diane Lane"
title = "Diane Lane Quotes"
quotes_len = "105"
description = "the best 105 Diane Lane Quotes"
keywords = "diane lane,diane lane quotes,diane lane quote,diane lane sayings,diane lane saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love my work, but there is no price you can put on what you miss when you are away from your kids.''' ,'''I don't want to live in a bubble, in my craft or in the world... I can't, I would be cheating myself out of my generation and the world we live in.''' ,'''I don't have a game plan. I never did, and it's too late to have one even if I wanted to.''' ,'''You have to realize, making movies is the weirdest thing you could ever do. It's a contrivance, but you're attempting to reach people's hearts in the dark, and there are so many factors that are out of your control.''' ,'''You can't get work without working.''' ,'''We live our whole lives, and in our dying moment, we have to ask ourselves, 'What did we really care about? What impact did we make on the world?' The older I get, the more I realize the answers have to do with how we affect and love the people around us.''' ,'''Secretariat was just ridiculously endowed with every positive quality that a person would seek out in a non-human. He was very aware of his environment; he surveyed the terrain before he ran and would look people in the eye.''' ,'''I can tell you that, you know, when I went to my first movie premiere, it was my own movie, and I wore the best jeans I had and my favorite top. You know, I made sure my hair had some wave in it because I braided it the night before myself.''' ,'''Because I tend to kind of hide under the sheets when it comes to reality television. I've seen probably one episode of maybe five different shows, and that's about it.''' ,'''Imagine if somebody said your nose is too big or your ears stick out. For me, it was my neck was too short. It stuck with me all my life.''' ,'''I never wished that I was a superstar. Hell, I never even wished that I was an actress.''' ,'''If people knew what made hits they'd make more of them, so to have the illusion of control over one's career isn't something I can even pretend to have.''' ,'''Pete Docter's a genius isn't he?''' ,'''I've found there to be a tremendous amount of East Coast snobbery in the journalism world.''' ,'''Some days I want to get the boob job, some days I want to get the eye lift. Then other days, I'm like, 'Absolutely not! Have some integrity!'... But it's all about what makes you happy.''' ,'''It's rare that you get to have a lovely time of it and you're not just portraying endless trauma on film.''' ,'''I try not to be overly analytical.''' ,'''I rehearsed 50. I kind of stared at it a long time. I wasn't going to let it terrify me.''' ,'''Things hurt me just as much as anyone else. My insecurities, failures. I'm vulnerable to comparisons.''' ,'''Catholics have guilt and Jews have guilt, fine. But mothers can trump them all.''' ,'''It's so great to watch sports live. I think everyone should watch it up close once, if possible. I would like to see every sport live at least once to fully appreciate what's happening on the court or on the field or on the ice or whatever the playing surface may be.''' ,'''It's always refreshing to step into another time.''' ,'''I grew up loving horses. I was relatively obsessed, starting with my rocking horse at age 2, all the way through my painting and drawing phase.''' ,'''All I know is it was incredible watching Robert Downey Jr. bring Chaplin to life. Talk about weight-lifting!''' ,'''To be honest, relationships with the opposite sex are the most challenging things I've done. You lose your compass, gravity changes, you don't know what's up or down, you're trying to figure it out. You're trying to make everybody happy, including yourself, and it's just... it's humbled me.''' ,'''All the lessons are in nature. You look at the way rocks are formed - the wind and the water hitting them, shaping them, making them what they are. Things take time, you know?''' ,'''Because that's what intimacy is: It's a willingness to be vulnerable, a willingness to bite my tongue and a willingness to set an example of what I believe in.''' ,'''I grew up watching Wonder Woman; I grew up watching Batman. I grew up watching George Reeves as Superman.''' ,'''I have just enough attention to feel glamorous and important.''' ,'''I don't know what it is, exactly, but there's a negative drag on film sets after the second week or so, a mutinous vibe because the infinite capacities of the directors and everybody else become quite finite and everybody's under the gun and it becomes work.''' ,'''I think fun is an important part of the entertainment industry, and it should be. Anybody who's not incorporating some of that into their work needs to take a break, go away, and have an attitude adjustment.''' ,'''I had a hard time calling Laurence Oliver 'Larry.'''' ,'''The stage always terrified me. The live audience is just one thing I bewilderingly look back on and say, 'How did I ever participate in that?'''' ,'''I wish I could always look like I've just finished a really good laugh.''' ,'''I was raised by free-spirited people, though my father gave me a very strong work ethic.''' ,'''Independent films have a very different cachet than success films.''' ,'''It's all so confusing and incestuous and curious, the trail that actors wander through in the course of their careers and how stories overlap. It's funny.''' ,'''I think that directing is the ultimate martyred task of filmmaking, that it has nobility to it. It takes three years to make a film, for the most part. I think it requires the attentiveness of a mother hen.''' ,'''I'm not a bad parent and partner, even if I make a thousand mistakes.''' ,'''I'm a girl, but that doesn't mean I don't appreciate greatness and the struggle of sports. My situation - and I've always said this, even in politics - is may the best man win. I'm not team-bound.''' ,'''Anyone who's had a finger pointed at them and been told they're pretty or attractive, there's a power that comes with that. But beauty for a woman becomes cumbersome because it's always being equated with youth.''' ,'''I think that anybody that smiles automatically looks better.''' ,'''My roles are in some way like children to me. You don't ever really want to scrape one off your shoe.''' ,'''I'm not really attracted to that long-term commitment to one character over many years.''' ,'''Are we asking terribly much of people to be curious and interested in the female experience from the female perspective?''' ,'''It's nice to have a pause to parent and to be more present at home, teaching them how to drive cars and navigate boys and all this sort of thing.''' ,'''Well, I can fake my way around some things, but I don't think I would be good at betting.''' ,'''The industry's memory is quite short, it's true.''' ,'''Essentially, my hero-role model is Muhammad Ali, because when I watched this one fight of his with my dad when I was a kid, and I watched him not go down... I think him just taking a lot of blows and not going down, it was so moving.''' ,'''But I do love horses. They are such an expression of joy.''' ,'''What women represent to the male is, historically, a big burden. It's a lovely dream, but it's the stuff of literature, art, and everything. Living up to what the male psyche projects onto the female is the stuff of books. You'd need a lot more than an interview to go into it!''' ,'''Oh, I'm just too chicken to experiment with my face and have it go wrong. I'm not saying I never will. But it's like, what scares you more? Getting old or looking weird?''' ,'''Love is saying you're sorry. It's the opposite of those cherub posters that say, 'Love is never having to say you're sorry.' Wrong! Love is three sorrys a day. If you haven't met that quota, something's wrong.''' ,'''I was, I think, extremely lucky, because the minute I saw my face plastered on 'Time' magazine in the subway with my mother, I just said, 'Wow.' And it made 'Time' magazine come down to life-size scale.''' ,'''I want to sit down, and I want to laugh. Nothing works better for me than watching somebody slip on a banana peel.''' ,'''For me, I don't even like to promote my films but I have to because it's in the fine print of my contract.''' ,'''To me, there's no greater reward than being around people you care about and can be present with.''' ,'''I don't really know how to relate to a long-term day-in day-out kind of comfortable relationship.''' ,'''I like someone who's suffered from both sides.''' ,'''I was so much more insecure at 19. Thank God. It would be really cruel if there were a 19-year-old walking around with my confidence.''' ,'''It's wonderful being the underdog.''' ,'''Playing dead is difficult with a full bladder.''' ,'''Some people fascinate me. They really worship at the altar of their careers, you know? And it's terrifying. It's sort of like setting a table and waiting for someone to come along and whoosh - push all the plates onto the floor.''' ,'''You really can't take a cat and turn it into a dog, or try and get lemons off an apple tree, or what have you.''' ,'''I've always been a daddy's girl, and that's served me well in life; most of my directors have been male.''' ,'''Well, I didn't really admit that I anywhere until my daughter started school and I knew I couldn't pull up and leave when I felt like it.''' ,'''More yoga in the world is what we need.''' ,'''I'm not actively avoiding television. I just haven't found the right fit yet, as it were. And that's O.K.''' ,'''When you're a young child, you pick a totem animal, and you just identify with it to the point of wishing you were that animal.''' ,'''I've always had this unresolved desire to prove that I could get a Ph.D., or contribute something else to the world.''' ,'''I think the secret to happiness is having a Teflon soul. Whatever comes your way, you either let it slide or you cook with it.''' ,'''You are the age of your spine. You are as flexible as your spine. That transfers to other areas of your life.''' ,'''I love the rebelliousness of snail mail, and I love anything that can arrive with a postage stamp. There's something about that person's breath and hands on the letter.''' ,'''The potential hot tomato of today can turn into the cold pop tart of tomorrow, and I know that.''' ,'''I think it's lovely that women are afforded attention on the stage in terms of their inner journeys, their emotional lives. That's the great harvest, the great writing available to women. Whether that makes it to the screen, that's a whole other conversation.''' ,'''I was the only kid in Manhattan I knew whose parents had a car.''' ,'''I feel like I'm the most forgiven actress I can think of, probably because of this short memory people have!''' ,'''The largest room in the world is room for improvement. You know, some mornings my thighs are fat. Some days my hair looks great. That's the human condition.''' ,'''Americans are like Pac Man. We just eat our way through the day. There's always something going into the mouth.''' ,'''In five years, I had done 13 films, which I think broke Elvis's record.''' ,'''There's a voice inside children that knows right from wrong. I call it listening to your inner Jiminy Cricket. I tell my daughter, 'If you're thinking this is not the best idea, it probably isn't.'''' ,'''I believe that the female perspective is a very healing and circumspect one, and we have a right to equal voice.''' ,'''Sometimes I think opposable thumbs were invented so teenage girls could use text messaging.''' ,'''When I was about seven, I started touring the globe as part of New York's La MaMa theater company - without my parents!''' ,'''I just enjoy going to the games, but if you're watching the Lakers play, it feels good to be rooting for the Lakers. You're on the winning end of things most of the time.''' ,'''Self-respect is a commodity worth cleaving to.''' ,'''I'm fascinated by how Hollywood has changed since I started. Today it's about immediate delivery. There's less risk and less art.''' ,'''The weird thing about film, which I don't really care for, is that I'm always surprised when I see the film. One way or another, I'm always surprised.''' ,'''I was really fortunate that I was not in 'successful movies' when I was younger, because whatever's given, there's an undertow that wants to take it away.''' ,'''I've got a lot of mileage, and I love my mileage. I wouldn't trade a mile of that for a minute of being younger.''' ,'''Americans have an interesting conundrum, a black and white line: You're on one side or the other of Puritanism or licentiousness. But that gray area where people abide, between their ears or on the Internet, needs to be fleshed out more in terms of permission granted.''' ,'''A lot can change in the editing room.''' ,'''I've heard stories of people, even celebrities that have gone online, pretended to be someone they weren't, and conducted a 5-year friendship via e-mail. Then, they got married because they really love each other from all that communication.''' ,'''When I was growing up in New York City, my father was a taxi driver for a time.''' ,'''I was very blessed always to find work; even when people thought I wasn't working, I was.''' ,'''I remember 'vulnerability' being an unattractive word for most of my life, and I resented it as a direction coming from a director just because it implied weakness so I get the job. But it is that humbling place that creates compassion.''' ,'''When I really young yet feeling very old, I offered up a lot of myself to the press; I knew it was good copy.''' ,'''I think, certainly, directing is a visual medium, but it's also about communication, and a lot of times, great directors are lacking in communication skills, which is rather shocking to discover that.''' ,'''Every film is its own experience, its own planet, its own family. It seems infinite when you're working on it, and then it's suddenly very finite, and it's done.''' ,'''So now I'm left with cigarettes, and I'm trying to scrape that off my shoe and then I'll be done.''' ,'''For me, going away to work is the hardest part of my life and career.''' ,'''My relationship with aging is cozy. I'm not trying to play 29 and holding on with white knuckles, you know?''' ,'''I loved acting, I started as a child and it is interesting because I didn't compare myself to others that were doing the same thing. I just felt that I needed to stay focused and stay out of trouble.''' ,'''I'm done saying 'I'm sorry I wasn't who you needed or wanted me to be' to everybody in my life.''' ,'''When I was 12, all I wanted was to be good at school, and to do something admirable, something you can't take away from me because I'm not popular or beautiful enough.''' ,]
+++