+++
author = "Matteo Guendouzi"
title = "Matteo Guendouzi Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Matteo Guendouzi Quotes"
keywords = "matteo guendouzi,matteo guendouzi quotes,matteo guendouzi quote,matteo guendouzi sayings,matteo guendouzi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's true there were a lot of clubs interested in me - I had talks with some of the biggest clubs in Europe.''' ,'''I'm a player who likes to get on the ball and use it.''' ,'''Arsenal have always been the team closest to my heart and a side I've wanted to join since I was a child.''' ,'''I'd say my main quality is keeping the ball and my passing.''' ,'''I've had my feet on the ground since I was very young. I was brought up like that. I'm going to stay myself.''' ,'''My hope is to become a top player here at Arsenal. A lot of great players have played here. I want to become part of the club's history and to achieve great things here.''' ,'''Growing up, I watched other teams, and I fell in love with Arsenal. I wasn't really interested in posters, but I saw many, many videos. Players like Thierry Henry and Patrick Vieira made me love the club, and I dreamt of going there.''' ,'''I want to win every game - that's really important to me.''' ,'''From the moment Arsenal made an approach, everything was clear for me. I'm not going to lie, I thought it would happen later in my career. But joining such a club at 19, any player would like that.''' ,'''I'm very please to have Unai Emery as my coach. I'm convinced I'll be able to make progress under him by working hard, which is the most important thing for me.''' ,'''Man City are a top team, but there are a lot of top teams in this division because the Premier League is the best league in Europe.''' ,'''I want to win titles, titles, titles.''' ,'''I used to watch Arsenal games with my father, and it has a special place in my heart.''' ,'''In the English league, there are great players everywhere. It's impressive.''' ,'''Arsenal are an historic club, magnificent, known the world over, one of the best in Europe with big stars in the team. It's difficult to describe, but it's another dimension.''' ,'''I'm staying focused on what I do on the pitch. What happens off it, it's nice, of course, but football is what I'm most passionate about.''' ,'''It doesn't get any better than coming to a club like this, with so much history, like Arsenal. I'm hugely proud.''' ,]
+++