+++
author = "Lexi Alexander"
title = "Lexi Alexander Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Lexi Alexander Quotes"
keywords = "lexi alexander,lexi alexander quotes,lexi alexander quote,lexi alexander sayings,lexi alexander saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I thrive on impossible odds - always have.''' ,'''2015 was an interesting year for me. After finally getting back behind the camera at the end of the summer to shoot the CW's 'Arrow,' I found myself a couple of months later in a federal building in downtown Los Angeles, trying to convince half a dozen security guards to let me make my EEOC appointment despite my expired driver's license.''' ,'''Although I'm aware of how under-represented we are, I sometimes forget how desperately Arabs who aren't in the film business wish for better stories about us.''' ,'''It's very hard to shame people in Hollywood into anything because they don't often feel that kind of shame.''' ,'''I say this often, but 'Supergirl' is the best experience in my entire career.''' ,'''Hollywood is silly sometimes.''' ,'''In L.A., every day, I see people taking other people's jobs, and they don't care whether that person is married and has two kids. People have no morals here.''' ,'''A lot of the guys that work for Warners and make these big films there all come from the same film school. Like Michael Bay, Zack Snyder, Tarsem Singh - they all went to Art Center in the College of Design. And there's a certain expectation when these guys graduate.''' ,'''When I was nominated for an Oscar and seated next to Martin Scorsese, there was nothing in my mind that made me think, 'Hey, in three years maybe I'll make another remake of 'Punisher.''''' ,'''One thing I get from competitive sports is that I am fiercely ambitious.''' ,'''In terms of writing and developing, TV is very open because TV needs stories. They need new pitches, and they need new ideas. They don't always take the risk for new ideas, but they are certainly open to it. They can't have enough people come in and pitch to them. It doesn't matter how they look or what gender they are.''' ,'''For every IP block, DRM, and who-knows-what security feature Hollywood spends thousands of dollars and hundreds of hours on, some piracy kid will undo it for free and within a couple of minutes.''' ,'''You cannot make a living doing independent films.''' ,'''Everybody likes to drink a Coke once in a while; it's when we run out of everything else to drink and we're only left with Coke that we need to start worrying.''' ,'''Bottom line - American history tells us that where there is a will, there will always be a way to achieve quick and fast inclusion.''' ,'''To make an entire country as big as America aware of a movie costs so much money.''' ,'''You can be Michael Moore and make 'Fahrenheit 9/11,' but that's hitting people over the head, and a lot of Americans don't like to be hit over the head. I want to make films that make people walk out and say, 'Wow, I really question if this is all right.'''' ,'''Whenever I go on a job interview, I always recommend Rachel Talalay. I love her.''' ,'''In my other work as a self-defense instructor, I have taught the importance of listening to one's gut instincts.''' ,'''One of my short films was about a boxer.''' ,'''People have to fix whatever bias they have, and I see this bias consistently, all the time, towards women directors. They're just not being trusted with action.''' ,'''Why is it when we see a white guy, we automatically think, 'Let's turn this dude into a star?'''' ,'''When I first made 'Green Street' and I was considered a hot director, I pitched everybody, but there was always this feeling that I was being underestimated in the room. I pitch TV, and nobody underestimates me. They literally think you could be the next whoever, and that is a very cool thing.''' ,'''Frank Castle knows only two sides: Good and Evil. There is no grey zone for him.''' ,'''I am pretty sure when Kenneth Branagh came up for 'Thor,' nobody at Marvel thought, 'Yes, that Kenneth Branagh is masculine enough to do action: just look at 'Henry V' and 'The Magic Flute.''''' ,'''When 93 percent of our stories are told by white men, it's an issue. And if those white men go on and tell the stories the way they see their world, which is all white, then it's an even bigger problem.''' ,'''The criminalization of file sharing is pathetic. It's so pathetic, it's almost funny. Imagine if the radio people would have lobbied for a federal law enforcement agency to raid all homes for illegal transmissions of moving picture experiments in order to stop the invention of television. It's ludicrous.''' ,'''It's almost comical how un-liberal liberal Hollywood is when it comes to fighting gender and racial bias.''' ,'''As someone who grew up in Europe, I don't look at TV and automatically think of a primetime network series, created by a staff of writers. I think of 90-minute movies that can break talents out or a three 90-minutes-an-episode mini series that can introduce a fantastic new series like 'The Blechtley Circle.'''' ,'''What's really amazing is that the showrunner who really got me my start in TV is Andrew Kreisberg. He brought me on to 'Arrow,' and he tracked me down because he was a fan of 'Punisher.'''' ,'''I think I have a responsibility as a film-maker to bring not only controversial subject matter to the screen but also to inspire a thought process.''' ,'''I try to write for women, but I suck at it. I really do.''' ,'''Movies and TV are America's No. 1 export. So if our No. 1 export is all male, all white, then there's only one point of view. And I just think it's really important that as Americans - I'm a new American, but I am an American - that we don't portray ourselves to the world so one-sided and exclusive.''' ,'''I focus every day on my career.''' ,'''Let me make something clear: There are very few things Hollywood is right about. This is a very corrupt, elitist industry that breeds favoritism and fails people up the career ladder.''' ,'''Foreign distribution is a major aspect of financing films. If you're flooding an entire country with cam rips DVDs before the movie is released, that will affect the bottom line eventually.''' ,'''There's a lot of talk now about the PC police, and 'why is everything bad?' It isn't. What it is, is that marginalized and oppressed people who have never had a soapbox, who have never been given a microphone, suddenly have a microphone.''' ,'''Being into comic books is definitely an Americana thing.''' ,'''Truth: I loathe the idea of being hired because of my gender, and I shudder at the thought that one day I show up on set, and half of the crew thinks, 'Here comes the quota hire.'''' ,'''I really like Greg Rucka's work. I loved 'Lazarus,' and I loved 'Stumptown.'''' ,'''As a director, you need the Saul Zaentz type of producers. Zaentz was a guy who literally capped the storm outside of the director so that they could do their job. That's a great producer.''' ,'''My equality rants have been out there so much that people must be getting sick of it, and frankly, so am I, but if a writer wants to do another story about it, then go for it, because the cause is a good one.''' ,'''The great thing about a reboot is, you can learn from the past if you care enough.''' ,'''Almost everybody agrees that the Academy has to become more diverse. Even the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences knows this, which is why, in 2013, it announced it would extend its membership quotas in an attempt to bring more women and minorities into the organization.''' ,'''When a male stunt performer falls down a flight of stairs, he has a lot of clothes on and can wear all this padding. But because actresses never have a lot of clothes on - they are always falling in their underwear - you can't wear any padding whatsoever.''' ,'''Money spent by Hollywood to fight piracy: hundreds of millions of dollars.''' ,'''Please dox me. You don't even need to dox me - I'll give you my address and wait for you by my doorstep.''' ,'''Joel Schumacher fired me from 'Batman & Robin.' I don't think anybody knows that. I was having trouble with these contact lenses that were supposed to make your eyes glow under blacklight.''' ,'''I don't like people telling me what to do.''' ,'''There was a choice of being a director who's more familiar with the technicality of doing a movie, like learning about the camera and filters and setup, or being a director who can actually talk to actors. And I always wanted to be an actor's director.''' ,'''I like doing violent movies.''' ,'''You can't find jewelry on me.''' ,'''There are only two kinds of people who are successful at this social media thing: those who are funny and those who get real.''' ,'''I have heard of 'Green Street'-dedicated birthday parties, a website dedicated only to the clothing. It has no end. If you hashtag #greenstreet or #greenstreethooligans, you cannot go a day without people saying it's their favourite movie. It's frustrating because it's a massive hit, but nobody gives it credit.''' ,'''My dad is Arab. I'm not Muslim, but half of family is, so I see a lot of injustice happening in the portrayal of Muslims that they don't have any heroes.''' ,'''There's something not right with a person's soul when they judge another human being to be less adequate because of their gender or skin color.''' ,'''I swear, if anyone near me even so much as whispers the sentence 'Women probably don't want to direct,' my fist will fly as a reflex action.''' ,'''Religion is all good, but we are almost back to medieval times now, where we are obsessed with going into religious wars and electing our politicians based on their religious statements.''' ,'''I love hand-to-hand, and I love putting on these fights; that's the background I come from.''' ,''''Deadpool' is massively successful because they made a very unique movie. That uniqueness and originality, try to imitate that. Not, 'How about let's try to do 'Deadpool' on a train.'''' ,'''People would go from village to village with their books in a time of poverty and disease. They would get people around them, and for an hour, these storytellers would change people's lives. I'd always thought I was a reincarnation of that. That's who I want to be.''' ,'''The people at Cabot Guns are a rare breed of geniuses and artists in a vast gun world.''' ,'''It's one of my obsessions to come up with ways to reimagine establishing shots in new, non-boring ways. Shots that have energy and excitement.''' ,'''When I first arrived here, after spending years as a competitive fighter and training U.S. Marines in hand-to-hand combat, Hollywood is the last place I would have expected to find such blatant bias and discrimination.''' ,'''I look back now and think, what was I doing, moving to Hollywood with $2,000 and a duffel bag? But there is no money in martial arts competitions, and in Hollywood, there is an outlet for those skills. And I have always been pretty fearless.''' ,'''If someone is poor in India, they should be able to watch the same films as rich people.''' ,'''My brother took me to my first football match when I was five, and I quickly acquired a passion for it: once you've walked into a football ground, you know there's nothing comparable to it.''' ,'''I'm not a very girlie girl.''' ,'''Maybe the biggest award show of the largest entertainment importer in the world needs an economic incentive to embrace diversity. Indeed, maybe we should boycott the show and pressure advertisers to do the same. Or maybe the Academy should learn the lesson of history and change because it's the right thing to do.''' ,'''I always miss any kind of constant, especially now that I'm a film-maker who travels all the time. I'm always tempted to go to Catholic churches, although I despise the religion. But you want to go there just because it's the one thing in your life that's never changed.''' ,'''I am strangely attracted to the hooligan crowd. I find them actually less dangerous than some of the people I work with now in Hollywood.''' ,'''The only reason I was offered 'Punisher' was because I had made an indie film that was rated R for violence and was filled with fight scenes.''' ,'''I'm not someone who throws the towel in, although I think there are many times when I could have and should have thrown the towel in, and nobody would have thought any worse of me.''' ,'''Until I was on Twitter, trust me: I was completely wiped off everybody's consciousness in Hollywood.''' ,'''I have a lot of guy friends, from martial arts and film, and soccer. I actually barely know women.''' ,'''I truly believe that if I would make a bad film, I might be walking into director's jail and never out. And that I think is probably a little more true because I'm a woman.''' ,'''My brother and sister and I were latchkey kids, with a singer mother and no relationship with our father, and being in a firm is often about filling a void at home. For me, it was like having 50 big brothers.''' ,'''I'm not really the kind of girl that goes for action films.''' ,'''I knew I needed to make a studio film - not for any financial reason, but because, as a filmmaker, and especially as a female filmmaker, you have to break through the glass ceiling.''' ,'''I understand it must be hard to realize that the playing field you are collecting all your trophies from is not a level playing field, but that doesn't mean you can just make inaccurate statements.''' ,'''It never occurred to me that artists, of all people, have to be reminded that instinct is more important than tradition, but in our industry, people seem to forget that sometimes.''' ,'''I'm a special case: I'm a former stuntwoman and former kickboxing champion, but you couldn't be more overqualified for the job. I cannot be the base level for what women have to do to be trusted with action, because the guys don't have that base level.''' ,'''The thing about TV is that it's great work for directors because the responsibility is not ours at all. In a movie, you choose a movie, and everybody points his or her finger at you afterward. It doesn't matter how much influence you had on the script, how much decision you had, or the fact that you didn't have final cut.''' ,'''I think in industries riddled with bias, you tend to hire women only if their previous work is very masculine, which is hilarious given that this is not how male directors are chosen.''' ,'''In martial arts, for every attack, there is a counter you can throw. Somebody traps you, you can throw a hook. But there is no counter for bias.''' ,'''Football is a great environment for a movie because there is such passion for it and so much adrenaline.''' ,'''When I was pitching 'Hooligans,' with a budget of $15 million, most people said they don't want to see a picture about soccer thugs.''' ,'''If women choose guerilla style filmmaking or new media productions, etc., all power to them. But if they're there because 'Big Hollywood' won't let them in, then we're moving further and further away from equality.''' ,'''I got to know the world of football fans and their pride in it, how they would find a family away from home. Most of them came from broken families. It always had a bit of romance to me, when I went to the game with all these boys that would just die for each other.''' ,'''Women are underrepresented and neglected in all aspects of the entertainment industry, so naturally, those of us who want to make a change use any opportunity to shine a light on someone when we can.''' ,'''Women in Hollywood have no male allies. There are some who pretend to be on our side, but yeah, not really. They may say the right thing because, after all, they're liberals, and that's a public image they'd like to keep up.''' ,'''Back-light is the cinematographer's friend.''' ,'''I was nominated for a live-action short-film Academy Award in 2003.''' ,'''I was pretty certain I'd stay in TV rather than returning to the feature world because the material just seems so much better in TV, especially in drama, but then 'Crossface' came my way. A heartbreaking, true story about the dark side of wrestling... I couldn't say no to that.''' ,'''While I was able to pass as white as soon as I came to America, this was not really possible while I was growing up, as it was pretty obvious that I wasn't 'all German.' So my privilege was that in America, I could conveniently withhold one of my bloodlines and avoid racism and discrimination. That is not a privilege most people of color have.''' ,'''I've pitched movies to all of the major studio heads in my time.''' ,'''I don't like seeing talented storytellers ruled by fear.''' ,'''I think we need to stop looking at the file-sharing community with disgust and instead ask ourselves what we can learn from them.''' ,'''Dominic West is one of the greatest actors.''' ,'''Being half-Palestinian comes with its own challenges, especially after 9/11 and also, working in Hollywood. But denying my own father, the three siblings I have on my father's side, I would essentially be destroying my own essence. So I decided I'm going to be me.''' ,]
+++