+++
author = "Arjun Kapoor"
title = "Arjun Kapoor Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Arjun Kapoor Quotes"
keywords = "arjun kapoor,arjun kapoor quotes,arjun kapoor quote,arjun kapoor sayings,arjun kapoor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''With 'Aurangzeb,' I just knew that the film wasn't going to work, though I think it was one of my most underrated performances. I did the film too early in my career, but I stand by it.''' ,'''Evolution is a constant state. You evolve and become comfortable in situations in which you might have felt alien in the past.''' ,'''My grandfather is from Peshawar; he was born there.''' ,'''Films work due to scripts, characters, and what you see on screen.''' ,'''In the beginning, I got different kind of roles, and then I realised it's great to be that way. And that thought is always there before signing a film.''' ,'''When 'Ishaqzaade' released, I was going through hell. It didn't matter what I said or did, because I had lost my mother.''' ,'''I'd like to do a hundred different films.''' ,'''I work very hard in the gym. Sometimes, I come home very late, around 1 A.M., but still I go and work out at the gym. I don't ever stop.''' ,'''If I dabble in too many things and don't focus on channelizing my energy into one thing, I might mess it up.''' ,'''Sometimes, it is important for actors to take risky decisions.''' ,'''My granddad passed away a month before I started shooting for 'Ishaqzaade,' and my mom died just before the film's release, both within a year of each other.''' ,'''If I feel insecure, then I am in the wrong profession. I have to trust my director and the material he has given me.''' ,'''I am very filmi by nature.''' ,'''Women who want to work should be given the choice to do that. If you decide to work even after getting married, then men should allow that to happen.''' ,'''The flop that hit me was 'Tevar.' It felt like someone knocked the wind out of me. When you do a home production, it always hurts more. I wasn't ready to accept that 'Tevar' didn't do well.''' ,'''My personal style statement is very casual. And for me, comfort tops the chart over anything else.''' ,'''Hollywood has cracked emotions very well with animation, and that is where India will eventually cover because it is an emotional country, and we just want a right story to tell, which will stir the right emotions with the audience.''' ,'''I enjoy doing action a lot more because my films have a sense of violence. That's because I have a broad structure, and if I hit someone, it looks believable. Maybe my contemporaries are meeker-looking in comparison.''' ,'''I aspire to play interesting characters.''' ,'''People are always ready to pull you down.''' ,''''Ki And Ka' in a very sweet way says that if you have talent, then gender doesn't matter.''' ,'''When you work with people you aspire to be like, you pay attention to them.''' ,'''Every boy grows up trying to be like his father, but what if a boy grows up to be like his mother?''' ,'''When you come from within the industry, you are better prepared for the industry. For example, you see your family deal with the nonsense that is written in the papers, or the highs and lows of a hit and a flop.''' ,'''An actor should never be influenced by the surroundings, because you have to submit completely, and trust me, it's not a good feeling when you know that your father is going to come and watch you work every day!''' ,'''A relationship will be futile if it's based just on physicality. Intellectual stimulation is a must for me.''' ,'''There is nothing wrong being a house husband, and I do believe there is something right about it.''' ,'''Argentina is amazing.''' ,'''My ambition is very cinema-driven.''' ,'''An actor is defined by the choices he or she makes.''' ,'''I am resilient like my mother and have the ability to face any kind of storm.''' ,'''My father is a genuinely nice guy and very generous to anybody and everybody. He likes to live life kingsize, and he doesn't know any other way, and I love that about him.''' ,'''I have never restricted myself to my strengths and abilities, as they are unlimited, and I am still discovering them.''' ,'''Who would say no to a film like 'Gunday?'''' ,'''I want all my films to do well.''' ,'''I made peace with 'Tevar' not doing well and moved on.''' ,'''From the age of 14, I wanted to be a director.''' ,'''I think that growth happens and that learning happens in anybody's life regardless of what profession you're in.''' ,'''I'm happiest when in front of the camera, and I didn't know it until I got up there.''' ,'''I have made my mistakes my strengths instead of looking at whose fault it is.''' ,'''I am intrigued by women I have conversations with.''' ,'''People have even said my father paid Aditya Chopra to make a film for me. It's illogical. People say what they have to say.''' ,'''If a man is secure enough to allow his partner to go out and express herself, and if he does not feel as ambitious as her, he can be a homemaker also. There is nothing wrong with it.''' ,'''It has been an amazing experience working on 'Half Girlfriend.'''' ,'''I try and work out at least six times a week with my trainer because that's important for my body type, which is so different from a typical Indian boy.''' ,''''Gunday' might not be the best film of my life, but it's been a life-altering film for me.''' ,'''I am too ambitious to become a house husband.''' ,'''It's important to be successful, and not just because there is competition, but also because it leads to better work for you.''' ,'''You got to have an emotional connect with the audience who watch you.''' ,'''Your success can't be determined by your surname but only by your work.''' ,'''I understand that people talk, and frankly, I can't control that. There's no point in getting upset over a thing that you can't control. You just have to let it go.''' ,'''There are some people who cannot watch every film because of age. They might watch only three films in a year.''' ,'''When you aren't doing too many films, people find other things to write about you.''' ,'''A film is not something that can be made over the phone or Skype. Creative people meet, spend time together, and then come up with something.''' ,'''As a host, I did 'Khatron Ke Khiladi,' and it was a learning experience.''' ,'''Success demands sacrifices. I believe it's a small price to pay for the adulation and love one receives.''' ,'''There is pathos and drama in 'Half Girlfriend.'''' ,'''Filmmaking as a process, it's bittersweet.''' ,'''I love leather jackets, and I am obsessed with it. I carry leather jackets fairly well.''' ,'''I am hungry for good work.''' ,'''I have learnt that women are superior beings. They have a higher threshold of pain and are more understanding and accepting than men. Also, if you listen to them, you'll understand them better.''' ,'''In a population of over one billion, there are 12-15 names that have the potential to be main leads in Hindi films. I am within the minority of the minority.''' ,'''The choice of films I make is directly proportional to the kind of cinema I have grew up watching.''' ,'''Sadly, Indians are not very easily accepted in Pakistan, and that has a lot to do with the governments.''' ,'''My first film, 'Ishaqzaade,' did well, and I got four damn good films because of it.''' ,'''I wanted to tell my story because I believe that if I can inspire or motivate even 10 or 15 people to start losing weight, it's a very big achievement. If I've managed to do it, anybody can.''' ,'''My mother was the nicest person in the world. I still have people coming to me to say how she was so warm, generous, and kind-hearted. She never washed her dirty linen in public. She always maintained her equations with people.''' ,'''I went to acting school, and I polished my dancing, but I didn't really learn how to fight.''' ,'''Even actors are human beings, so we have issues to deal with - physical, emotional, and mental.''' ,'''Every character, for me, is a new discovery.''' ,'''I don't want success to affect me to that extent that I change or failure to that extent that I get sad, bitter and negative.''' ,'''I don't have many friends, but I want to retain the ones I have.''' ,'''Two actors can be friends very easily. I think two actresses can also be friends.''' ,'''I didn't have any relationships in my teenage years, as I felt I was not attractive enough.''' ,'''I assisted on a lot of films outside my dad's company. I only did two of his films.''' ,'''Housewives run the home and sacrifice a lot, but many people forget that.''' ,'''I feel that if you are not comfortable, you can't be stylish, and that is the rule I follow.''' ,'''It's silly to have a prototype, because one inevitably falls for someone unexpected. My only criterion is she shouldn't just look nice; she must have a personality, too.''' ,'''I am an actor and mouldable enough to do films like '2 States,' 'Gunday,' and 'Finding Fanny.'''' ,'''I can't put on a facade every time I go out.''' ,'''Movies are my bread and butter and my inherent passion.''' ,'''I look like my mother but behave like my father.''' ,'''I was born in our Chembur house in Mumbai, where we lived for five years after which we shifted to our Lokhandwala house.''' ,'''I don't know how I got such an image, but I am not a Casanova. It's an image that I wouldn't have liked for myself.''' ,'''I internalise things. My sorrows and joys are private.''' ,'''When I get married, I think what matters is you should be happy with the person you are living with.''' ,'''My heritage is Pakistani, and I have loads of Pakistani fans on social media who I would love to connect with.''' ,'''I am so broad and big-structured that even two kilos on me can look like gaining 10 kilos, and losing two kilos can also look like shedding 10 kilos.''' ,'''As a host on TV, one has to engage the audience and contestants on the show. One has to bring a new element to their personality while hosting so that it doesn't look monotonous to the audience.''' ,'''People feel that in this industry friendships are not for real, but that's not true. Otherwise, what is the point of being friends?''' ,'''I considered obesity a disease. It can destroy you from within. It almost destroyed me, and I do not want that to happen to anybody.''' ,'''My life is cinematic in some ways.''' ,'''I am someone who doesn't talk more than what is required, but I am also a fun person.''' ,'''I won't think about what people will say, even when I am actually seeing someone. Somebody will say something, then someone else will contradict it. I can't keep chasing all of them and try and correct everyone.''' ,'''I think everybody can get along.''' ,'''I signed 'Aurangzeb' because I loved the story. I thought it was an untold tale. For whatever reason, the audience did not like the film. Fair enough, but I still enjoyed the process.''' ,'''Every morning when I wake up, I am grateful and happy that I come to the film set. It is home.''' ,'''For an actor to create a different look for every film is not easy.''' ,'''I didn't even know I would be an actor; I always wanted to be a cameraman.''' ,'''I've never been in a fight, not even while in college.''' ,]
+++