+++
author = "Bridgit Mendler"
title = "Bridgit Mendler Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Bridgit Mendler Quotes"
keywords = "bridgit mendler,bridgit mendler quotes,bridgit mendler quote,bridgit mendler sayings,bridgit mendler saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's a reason why bullying takes such a strong form online. People don't have to push back as much as they would in real life.''' ,'''I think it's awesome to be able to make people laugh.''' ,'''I definitely get stage fright.''' ,'''I'm prone to getting dark circles under my eyes when I'm tired, so I l use cover-up and instantly feel more confident.''' ,'''I love Adele. Natasha Bedingfield is cool, those sort of people.''' ,'''I really like 'This Side of Paradise' by F. Scott Fitzgerald. I think it's a cool description of a character.''' ,'''I just want to get into the action. And voice-over work is all action.''' ,'''People need to realize bullying has just as much of an impact online because words are so cutting and difficult to deal with.''' ,'''Sometimes my lyrics may describe a situation that happened to a friend. Other times, I create a story from the ground up.''' ,'''Songwriting is actually a really great outlet. I kind of recommend it. You get to sum up whatever is going on in your life in a song, then perform it really passionately.''' ,'''I'm not Miley Cyrus. There may be some similarities, but I'm my own person.''' ,'''I want to make music that stands the test of time.''' ,'''I'm really passionate about music.''' ,'''I like to create.''' ,'''I think it can be fun to write about relationships just because so many people can relate to what you are feeling.''' ,'''I love Beyonce. She's so fierce. I also love Lily Allen, and she was an influence on my music.''' ,'''I love Cher Lloyd's music. I didn't actually hear her music as I was creating my own, but it's cool that we have styles that are considered to be similar.''' ,'''I did this one scene in an episode of 'General Hospital', and that was my first job down in L.A. It was, like, my second audition, and I was like, 'Woo! This is easy! This is fun!' That was a really cool moment for me.''' ,'''I really do love bluesy-jazzy music, so I love Etta James, B.B. King and Billie Holiday. I love that they have soul in their voices - I think that's something important is having.''' ,'''I recommend doing some sort of acting class, something that can eventually get you in front of an agent or a manager, and practice is very important.''' ,'''I know now that I want to do more voice-over projects. They really have the ability to transport you into the world of whatever movie it is you are working on.''' ,'''I did this class when I first moved to California. It was a 'Kids on Camera' class up in the Bay Area. That was good for just getting me excited in acting and everything. Then once I started working down L.A., I just stuck to my acting coach, and she helps me prepare with auditions and that sort of thing.''' ,'''I just want to challenge myself and play some different characters.''' ,'''I definitely get nervous about if I'm going to forget the words to the songs or something. And I don't enjoy being the center of attention for an hour straight - I think that's really stressful.''' ,'''I really do like Bruno Mars. I think he's very good. And I love Maroon 5.''' ,'''My personal style is really different from 'Lemonade Mouth.'''' ,'''Professionally, the first time I sang was on 'Alice Upside Down.' It was the first movie that I did, and I had this little mini singing part.''' ,'''Being bullied is something I experienced in school, and it is not fun.''' ,'''Practicing going over scenes and in front of the camera just to see how that feels, and then ultimately just finding a way to expose yourself to people. That's what I did.''' ,'''The cool thing about doing a voice-over into a different language is that you get to bring the character of your own culture into it.''' ,'''I don't want to be one of those people that's constantly promoting myself on Twitter. I think the fun thing about Twitter is being able to share all the little random things that happen in my life.''' ,'''I enjoy going on hikes, and I enjoy the occasional yoga. The one thing I'm good at athletically - and I don't know if I'm good at it anymore because I haven't done this in a while - I can throw a pretty good spiral in football, but I have no idea how to play.''' ,'''In terms of fashion, I love adding a fun scarf to whatever I'm wearing - it's a great way to dress up a plain outfit!''' ,'''The biggest klutz would be myself, so if I could offer help to myself I would. I'm the most off my game most often.''' ,'''Working on 'Good Luck Charlie' has been an awesome experience, and it's so crazy to build a fan base and have all those people tune into the show.''' ,]
+++