+++
author = "Petra Stunt"
title = "Petra Stunt Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Petra Stunt Quotes"
keywords = "petra stunt,petra stunt quotes,petra stunt quote,petra stunt sayings,petra stunt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Before getting meningitis, I was such a hypochondriac, worrying about the slightest ache. Ironically, I overlooked meningitis because the symptoms seemed like flu. I guess you don't realise how healthy you are until it is taken away from you.''' ,'''I love accessories. I'm a girl. I love shoes. I love handbags.''' ,'''So in some ways my life, my background has been isolating and I think I'm a bit more scared as a person. I don't walk alone or in the dark. If I go out the driver will wait for me to go into the house.''' ,'''No one ever talks about the good in me; they just say that I'm spoiled.''' ,'''My mom came from such humble beginnings and especially my dad as well. He didn't go to university.''' ,'''I realize I am very privileged. But there's a difference between being spoiled and privileged.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I don't need to work, and I think it's good that I have the drive and willpower to get up and do something in the morning even though I don't need to.''' ,'''My grandmother worked on a fruit and vegetable market stall.''' ,'''I am suspicious of what people might want from me. Do they like me, or my money?''' ,'''My parents were very well-off, but we didn't have a crazy-huge house. We didn't have thousands of workers and staff; it was just my mum doing the majority of the housework. We didn't have nannies. I wasn't brought up in any sort of extravagant way.''' ,'''My dad has worked so hard his whole life. He doesn't deserve to see his daughters going out embarrassing themselves and flashing their knickers. I want to make my parents proud.''' ,'''I'm a hard-working girl. I go to the office. I work a normal 9 to 5 job most days.''' ,]
+++