+++
author = "Gary North"
title = "Gary North Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Gary North Quotes"
keywords = "gary north,gary north quotes,gary north quote,gary north sayings,gary north saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''This is God's world, not Satan's. Christians are the lawful heirs, not non-Christians.''' ,'''Jesus was not denying the legitimacy of biblical law. On the contrary, He was affirming biblical law. We love God first; God commands us to keep His word; therefore, we must enforce the law on ourselves.''' ,'''What the ten commandments set forth is a strategy. This strategy is a strategy for dominion.''' ,'''Socialism is simply Communism for people without the testosterone to man the barricades.''' ,'''Do you really believe that the Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, plans to be a loser in history?''' ,'''Satan cannot win. Why not? Because he has denied God's sovereignty and disobeyed God's law. But Moses was told explicitly, God's blessings come only from obedience. Satan will not win because he has abandoned God's tool of dominion, biblical law.''' ,'''Jesus Christ is our supreme commander, but He operates only through His word, which is unquestionably a training manual. However, He has many interpreters, and few people see the Bible as a true training manual.''' ,'''Nevertheless, this one fact should be apparent: turning the other cheek is a bribe. It is a valid form of action for only so long as the Christian is impotent politically or militarily.''' ,]
+++