+++
author = "Brooke Burke"
title = "Brooke Burke Quotes"
quotes_len = "61"
description = "the best 61 Brooke Burke Quotes"
keywords = "brooke burke,brooke burke quotes,brooke burke quote,brooke burke sayings,brooke burke saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think it's such a blessing to be able to have a child, and good and bad, whatever you go through, it's so worth it, and it's such an unbelievable time - you have someone growing inside of you!''' ,'''Hey, we all have our fear. Mine is bugs and lobsters!''' ,'''A lot of cultures believe you take the placenta and you bury it and plant something.''' ,'''I'd kind of like to have a classic old muscle car. I think that would be fun.''' ,'''I mean, I don't really pay too much attention publicly to what people think.''' ,'''I love modeling.''' ,'''I'm living the best life that I could ever be living.''' ,'''Dating is really hard because everyone puts on a front. It's really difficult to see who is who, so it is important to be yourself.''' ,'''So when I looked at pictures and produced my calendar and edited the pictures, it wasn't just about looking at myself and thinking I'm attractive. I try to take myself out of it and get into the whole process of putting it all together.''' ,'''I've had great pregnancies, and healthy, beautiful children.''' ,'''There are a lot of different beliefs for tightening up your core. I think just being conscious of it and being aware to engage your muscles will help any woman's tummy get in shape.''' ,'''There's something magical about a woman who feels comfortable in her own skin.''' ,'''I write back to all the soldiers who write to me and send them posters and calendars.''' ,'''I don't have any regrets in my life actually. I think that's a pretty good policy.''' ,'''In the United States, viewers don't get to see a lot of things we can show in other countries. We didn't get to show our naked Twister game from Wild On Jamaica, but we definitely filmed it.''' ,'''I have my whole life organized on an 11x17-inch tear-away weekly calendar.''' ,'''I just don't think there's a sunscreen that gives you enough protection.''' ,'''I've done little bits of Botox for a long time. If I wasn't on TV, I probably wouldn't.''' ,'''I just love to experience things. I would do almost anything once.''' ,'''When I was young, I wanted to do something more low-key, like become a drummer in a rock band.''' ,'''I always loved family holidays, and I had this vision and dream as a little girl of having a big family of my own.''' ,'''I think Halle Berry is one of the most beautiful women on the planet.''' ,'''Whatever I've got going on, I play music to accompany me.''' ,'''Women communicate with all their senses. Men don't do that.''' ,'''I've tried just about every crazy diet you can imagine.''' ,'''I eat as often as I can. I'll eat even if I don't feel like eating.''' ,'''The truth is, if anyone saw my home life, I'm pretty sure it would look like other families' around the world. There's a lot of juggling to be done.''' ,'''Forget all the bars and schmoozing and everybody checking out everybody else. My ideal date would be to park in a dark place, check out the stars, and have a great conversation. When all else fails, you can just make out.''' ,'''I'm not a fan of chrome wheels. I sort of like brushed, brushed steel, more European style.''' ,'''Most of the time I believe in letting kids go ahead and make their own mistakes - maybe even get a little hurt - and learn from them.''' ,'''I don't want to discuss my breasts with the whole world!''' ,'''I've always done ab work, even when I was pregnant.''' ,'''I'm an entrepreneur and a businesswoman and I do a lot of different things besides my work on television and people probably don't know that about me.''' ,'''I don't want to say, 'This is where Im going to be in five years and Im going to get there no matter what.' I want to leave it open. I'm not a desperate actress dying to star in a B movie in a bikini.''' ,'''Forty is better than 30. I have a better understanding of who I am, what makes me tick, what's okay and not okay.''' ,'''I think a lot of women are underestimated.''' ,'''Latin men are the most passionate men in the world - they may not be the most aggressive, but they are very passionate, very romantic.''' ,'''I find peace anywhere I go. It depends on what is within the walls of my own home.''' ,'''Power and beauty come from a very deep place.''' ,'''I'm a grounded person.''' ,'''I really believe in the environmental movement right now - it only takes a little effort to make a big difference.''' ,'''I'm not a morning person. I'm really not.''' ,'''There's this whole assumption that girls like bad boys, but I have to disagree; I think 'nice' will go a long way.''' ,'''When I was a new mom, I used to think that life was going to be balanced, and I strived for that. But life is crazy!''' ,'''I hardly ever go out when I'm home.''' ,'''I'm horrified of lobsters. And shrimp and lobsters are the cockroaches of the ocean.''' ,'''I just love the world of photography.''' ,'''I think with motherhood and child-rearing in general, everyone's going to tell you how to do it and why. I've always said to other mothers and women when they've asked me, that you have to find your own way and find out what works for your family, at all costs.''' ,'''I mean, most actresses can't host and most hostesses can't act, and that's the general rule in the industry.''' ,'''I've always been a person that believes in eating often and eating smart, clean meals.''' ,'''I go to Saint Barth in the French West Indies for two weeks each year. That place is amazing. Amazing people, beautiful beaches, great wine, wonderful harbors... It's incredibly romantic.''' ,'''I don't idolize anyone or aspire to be like anyone.''' ,'''I don't get stage fright, I actually love the energy, I love the spontaneity, I love the adrenaline you get in front of a live audience, it actually really works for me.''' ,'''Going into a pregnancy is a really challenging time for a woman, because it's forever-changing, both mentally and physically.''' ,'''I have no idea what I weigh. I don't even own a scale.''' ,'''I think I'm a really hands-on mom.''' ,'''I do a lot of sexy publicity, but I have yet to have any bad experiences regarding jealousy.''' ,'''I like feet. I definitely have a fetish. I love to see a man's bare foot, but its got to be taken care of. If they're not well manicured, you've got to wonder what the rest of him is like. I don't want to get in bed with somebody and feel his gnarly feet.''' ,'''My children keep me real and keep me honest.''' ,'''Women need to hear the words, 'It's okay if things don't go exactly the way you want them to.' Give yourself a break!''' ,'''I definitely take a lot of bad pictures!''' ,]
+++