+++
author = "Ben Fountain"
title = "Ben Fountain Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Ben Fountain Quotes"
keywords = "ben fountain,ben fountain quotes,ben fountain quote,ben fountain sayings,ben fountain saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We, America, elected Trump. Putin didn't do it, nor the trolls in St. Petersburg with their zillions of busy bots. They may well have plucked certain strings in the national psyche - played us like a dimestore ukulele - but we were keen to be plucked.''' ,'''If you want to see a bunch of happy Americans, go out to opening day at any baseball stadium in the land.''' ,'''Even a cursory run through American history shows exceptionalism has been used to justify bloodshed, oppression, and profit.''' ,'''In true demagogic fashion, Trump bypassed the head and spoke directly to the gut, to the biles and bubbling acids of raw emotion.''' ,'''The smartest thing I did in law school: asking my future wife to go out dancing with me. The smartest thing I did when practicing law: quitting. The smartest thing I've done in writing: following my own head and writing what I wanted to write, and nothing but.''' ,'''I'm ashamed and embarrassed to say that I've read very little of David Foster Wallace's work. It's a huge gap in my education, one of many.''' ,'''American history is not clean.''' ,'''Obama was elected on the shoulders of an incipient movement that he allowed to languish once he became president.''' ,'''The American identity is mind-bogglingly various.''' ,'''If you're looking for the phony in American politics, you could do worse than follow the money.''' ,'''In the arsenal of the phony, the politics of God is one of the deadliest punches to the sweet spot of the American mind.''' ,'''Americans care a lot about authenticity, rightly so. Every election is a quest for the genuine article. This is precisely what makes the long con of American politics such a rich and mystifying study.''' ,'''Learning essential stuff is as much a discipline as going to the gym or sticking to a diet, and an excellent antidote for the modern condition of being numb and dumb.''' ,'''People rarely grow in humility once they reach the White House.''' ,'''The national framework of social insurance - social security, unemployment and disability benefits, work programs, and workers' compensation - protected citizens from the kinds of risks that private markets couldn't or wouldn't insure.''' ,'''Upward mobility across classes peaked in the U.S. in the late 19th century. Most of the gains of the 20th century were achieved en masse; it wasn't so much a phenomenon of great numbers of people rising from one class to the next as it was standards of living rising sharply for all classes. You didn't have to be exceptional to rise.''' ,'''Let the record reflect: the American people are a bunch of suckers.''' ,'''After Bush was elected in 2004 - please note that I didn't say 're-elected' - and I was walking around in my befuzzed state of confusion and low-grade depression, I set out more or systematically to read writers who'd grappled with that fundamental question of what America is, why it is the way it is.''' ,'''Pretty much any day is a good day to go to the ballpark, but that first day of the season is special. It's spring. The grass is green. Pessimism is impossible - at least, until the other team scores.''' ,'''The main thing about writing is... writing. Sitting your butt down in the chair and doing the work.''' ,'''Democracy's premise rests on the notion that the collective wisdom of the majority will prove right more often than it's wrong; that given sufficient opportunity in the pursuit of happiness, your population will develop its talents, its intellect, its better judgment; that over time its capacity for discernment and self-correction will be enlarged.''' ,'''Nobody ever came to America with a starry-eyed dream of working for starvation wages.''' ,'''I think I was lucky to come of age in a place and time - the American South in the 1960s and '70s - when the machine hadn't completely taken over life. The natural world was still the world, and machines - TV, telephone, cars - were still more or less ancillary, and computers were unheard of in everyday life.''' ,''''Late bloomer' is another way of saying 'slow learner.'''' ,'''I never listen to music when I'm writing.''' ,'''My first visit to Haiti was in May 1991, four months into the initial term of Haiti's first democratically-elected president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide. At the time, it seemed that Haiti was on the cusp of a new era.''' ,'''I took two fiction-writing courses in college and majored in literature. I felt that I had a knack though I wouldn't go so far as to call it a talent. But it scared me. I felt it was a childish thing wanting to write and that I would forget about it eventually.''' ,'''I think if you spend much time dwelling on influence you can get self-conscious about every line you write. That's a great way to freeze up.''' ,'''From the start, Trump's rallies had the air of the tent revival, that same hot thrum of militant exorcism and ecstasy.''' ,'''The collective memory of America is short.''' ,'''The Gilded Age robber barons - the Goulds, the Vanderbilts, the Morgans and Rockefellers - did quite well under laissez-faire. Most of the rest of Americans were still stuck in the ditch, with little to no economic security, life expectancy of roughly 45 years, and horrific infant mortality rates that claimed 300 babies per 1,000 in the cities.''' ,'''Political rights notwithstanding, 'freedom' rings awfully hollow when you're getting nickel-and-dimed to death in your everyday life.''' ,'''Surely it's no coincidence that the Era of the AUMF, the Era of Endless War, is also the Golden Era of the Chickenhawk. We keep electing leaders who, on the most basic experiential level, literally have no idea what they're doing.''' ,'''The New Deal saved capitalism - saved it from the big-time capitalists - though many of the big-timers didn't see it that way.''' ,]
+++