+++
author = "Jerry Della Femina"
title = "Jerry Della Femina Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jerry Della Femina Quotes"
keywords = "jerry della femina,jerry della femina quotes,jerry della femina quote,jerry della femina sayings,jerry della femina saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sometimes you have to scare people to save their lives. But I'm very much against it if you're trying to sell a product.''' ,'''What I love about the Don Draper character is that he's so real and filled with all these contradictions.''' ,'''Most of the people in advertising now - mention Bill Bernbach to them, they don't know.''' ,'''In the '50s and '60s, a family's first child went into the priesthood, the second went into the military, and the third child was an idiot and wound up in advertising.''' ,'''I think it's good to have switched to a much more visual world and that people are not all that interested in words.''' ,'''The Hamptons are filled with people who are winners Monday through Friday.''' ,'''I invented myself.''' ,'''I don't remember most of the '60s and '70s.''' ,'''I have very talented art directors in my agency who start out telling me, 'Well, this is what the picture is... ' I ask, 'Well, what's the headline?' and they say, 'We haven't done that yet, but it looks this way.' But I'm still writing copy, almost every day.''' ,'''Why do all our friends and relatives destroy the summer for us? Why can't they get married in February?''' ,'''I honestly believe that advertising is the most fun you can have with your clothes on.''' ,'''I'm careful to pay every single penny on my taxes. I don't have any money offshore.''' ,'''Money is being wasted on adverts that go right over a consumer's head. They may win awards at Cannes, but they lose at the cash register.''' ,'''I want to die at my desk.''' ,'''On the weekends, some people garden; I slice salmon.''' ,'''At one point, I had over 800 employees, and I always paid all health care for my people - including a man who was my assistant who got HIV. I wound up paying his medical bills, which went into the hundreds of thousands. I'm not making myself out to be a saint. I did the right thing.''' ,'''There's an eternal war between a creative person and the business person.''' ,'''I have a small vocabulary, which I move around fast.''' ,'''If people ever talked the way advertising sounded, they would be put away.''' ,'''The French are simply incapable of telling the truth.''' ,'''I'm waiting for the candidate who says, 'I'm keeping things exactly the way they are. I like it this way.'''' ,'''There's nothing worse than winning but being told by people that you're losing.''' ,'''There's something that goes on in a new-business meeting that's wonderful to watch. It's like showtime. There are people who are nervous, and there are people who are jittery, and there's so much drama and so much at stake.''' ,'''I'm a driver, and I love it.''' ,'''Sad to say, negative advertising really works.''' ,'''I always had more women working for me than men.''' ,'''Thank you for making me nouveau riche.''' ,'''No one wants to risk a million dollars on a few laughs. The big, flashy commercials are out. The soft sell is out.''' ,'''A computer is a wonderful thing, but it's cold, and what comes out of it is sort of cold.''' ,'''I don't like to work for politicians because I hate to work on anything that you can't give back if it doesn't work. I sell products. I do a commercial for, say, Meow Mix, and you don't like it, you get your money back. You can return it. Politicians, you can't return. You're with them for four more years. And that's scary.''' ,'''Nobody can write a good 30-second commercial.''' ,'''I've never met a client who wants to be the worst.''' ,'''I came into advertising in 1961. I had been turned down for jobs on the Ford account in the late Fifties as 'not their type.' If it hadn't been for Bill Bernbach, I would now be sitting in some luncheonette, continuing my life as a messenger.''' ,'''Once people feel comfortable with something, they say, 'Let's try it.'''' ,''''Business Week' is guilty of very shoddy reporting.''' ,'''Imagine there wasn't photography. Where would we be? How would I remember what I looked like as a kid? It links us all. It keeps us all together; it's what our history is.''' ,'''You can't be impatient about growth, because that's what leads people to make mistakes.''' ,'''The fact is, Joe Isuzu is very successful at selling cars.''' ,'''I am a temporary amusement.''' ,'''In our quest to tweet, like, and trend, we have forgotten that brands can be built through advertising. Ads can generate big ideas that can never be trumped by tactics. That is the magic of an ad, and that is what is missing from many ads today.''' ,'''I was the first advertising person who people could identify with.''' ,'''I ran for political office in the Hamptons once in a war I was having with the village. I came in, there were four people running, and I came in around third. It was over my food market - they arrested me. I just wanted to go for office because I thought it would be an interesting to do.''' ,'''Most account guys live with fear in their hearts.''' ,'''If the FBI is now in charge of bad taste, we're all doomed.''' ,'''I came into the advertising business in 1952, at the age of sixteen, as a delivery boy for a stuffy, old-line advertising agency named Ruthruff and Ryan, which could have served as the setting for the 'Mad Men' television series without moving a desk.''' ,'''Pictures bring you inside, whether you see yourself driving a new car or as a hapless prisoner who is being abused.''' ,'''There is a great deal of advertising that is much better than the product. When that happens, all that the good advertising will do is put you out of business faster.''' ,'''I once attended an advertising conference held at the Greenbrier Hotel in 1968. The dean of the original Mad Men, the great David Ogilvy, was the keynote speaker. The subject of his speech was the new creative revolution in advertising.''' ,'''Did I grow up thinking I'd ever be paged at the Beverly Hills Hotel? Did I ever think I'd make so much money writing ads? No.''' ,'''Almost everything looks better from a distance, Long Island included.''' ,'''I'm happy to pay my fair share - which is whatever the tax is right now.''' ,'''I've seen very few Hispanics and blacks who have been able to work their way into the advertising end of business.''' ,'''There are no client conflicts, only bad explanations.''' ,'''By 1961, when I got my first copywriting job, 'my kind' were suddenly in demand. The creative revolution had begun. Advertising had turned into a business dominated by young, funny, Jewish copywriters and tough, sometimes violent, Greek and Italian art directors.''' ,'''If you look at 'Mad Men,' it's set in the wrong decade. The style of Mad Men is really the 1950s, not the 1960s.''' ,'''Advertising should always be in good taste without a question.''' ,'''If they can't suck money out of the Hamptons, a candidate really has to throw in the sponge.''' ,'''The bad guys always fight dirty, and the good guys always fight clean.''' ,'''As long as the attitude is to only show the sheet metal, then automobile advertising will continue to be wretched.''' ,'''Everybody makes a lot of money when the French come to town.''' ,'''There's still a place for someone to come up with a strong headline, some copy in a commercial that's well written. I'm not saying it was better in the old days; it's just a totally different way of communicating.''' ,'''Whether you're a mafia guy or in advertising, you always end up going back to your family.''' ,'''I couldn't get along with the French.''' ,'''My day is spent hiding from people.''' ,'''Once you're not No. 1, it doesn't matter where you are.''' ,'''I gotta be involved. I still write ads; I still run around and rally the creative people.''' ,'''Good products win out.''' ,'''The whole idea of a spokesman is a joke and a fraud if you drop someone like a hot potato if there's controversy.''' ,'''In my world - advertising - the Super Bowl is judgment day. If politicians have Election Day and Hollywood has the Oscars, advertising has the Super Bowl.''' ,'''The establishment can't change. It can't give people anything different; it can't make the turn.''' ,'''The object of advertising is to get people to feel better about the product you're selling.''' ,'''Life was easy was back in the days before human resource departments controlled business and someone decided we all should be politically correct.''' ,'''Humor works, and it's the best way to get attention without spending a lot of money.''' ,'''I think people are getting bored of parties, and hosts are terrified nobody's going to show up. So they have to start entertaining them before the party even starts.''' ,'''No kid ever graduated school and said, 'I want to go into advertising.' Advertising is almost everyone's second or third choice.''' ,''''Mad Men' is celebrating a time that no longer exists.''' ,'''It goes back to all of us wanting to be in Hollywood. We're all dying to win an Oscar.''' ,'''Advertising is what I do. It's got me everything I have, and I'm not going to leave it.''' ,'''People who are visiting Long Island find it's very beautiful, and they are quick to try Long Island foods, wines and other products.''' ,'''I only know two to three people that I grew up with in advertising in the 1960s who are married to the same women.''' ,'''The Democrats are going the way of Burma Shave and Crisco - products everyone loved and had in their homes. But they got old. They didn't have anything new to say about the product, and after awhile, they died.''' ,'''Today's merger makers are not ad people; they're building communications companies.''' ,'''I grew up in Brooklyn, N.Y., and I'm a great believer that you can't have too conservative a President nor too liberal a Supreme Court. So I'm a walking contradiction. I believe that you should try to really protect people's rights in every way, and also, people should be allowed to do what they do.''' ,'''My grandmother would start making her meat sauce at 7 in the morning on Sunday, and within five or six hours, that smell would be all through the house.''' ,'''It is now possible to target adverts to the right person at the right time in the right place. But that is not enough.''' ,'''A lot of its readers are of an age where they forget to cancel.''' ,'''The Google model of targeted advertising is appealing because it claims to cut down on waste. We need to ask how that efficiency can be brought to creative process.''' ,'''People don't generally like advertising that takes a stand.''' ,'''Every automobile ad looks alike.''' ,'''Husbands and wives fight, and when the wife is packing up, the husband says, 'Don't leave! I'm gonna change!' Marriages stay together because people promise to change.''' ,'''I came from a poor family in Coney Island. I learned to write by reading the 'Post.' This was my education.''' ,'''My first marriage ended after 24 years.''' ,'''I don't want people ever to think I'm not in advertising. It's such a business of enthusiasm that if you're not totally excited about it, you should leave it.''' ,'''Kids don't know what life was like without cell phones.''' ,'''With all my outside activities, I have to remind people I am really in advertising.''' ,'''Probably the best advertising jobs of all are done by governments to convince people to go to war.''' ,'''Let's face it: in advertising, you are paid more, but you die younger. It's not very forgiving. Like sports stars, you're in it during your better years, and then you're out looking for work.''' ,'''The Internet is king. Newspapers are dead or dying. Magazines are shrinking every day. Ad budgets are being cut. The bottom line is now the only line in advertising.''' ,'''That's great advertising when you can turn Chicago into a city you'd want to spend more than three hours in.''' ,'''I don't come from a lot of money. In fact, I don't come from any money.''' ,]
+++