+++
author = "Pooja Hegde"
title = "Pooja Hegde Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Pooja Hegde Quotes"
keywords = "pooja hegde,pooja hegde quotes,pooja hegde quote,pooja hegde sayings,pooja hegde saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was young, for some reason, I thought a postman's job was quite cool, and once, I even contemplated becoming a lawyer. Finally, I decided to dabble in something creative like fashion designing or photography. Till I joined college, I had no clue that one day, I will face the camera.''' ,'''Bengaluru is home for me. Being from Udupi, Karnataka, I have many relatives in Bengaluru. I used to come down for Bangalore Fashion Week. It was a lot of fun, and I had made so many good friends.''' ,'''I see travelling as a great learning process, and my biggest dream is to travel the world.''' ,'''When 'Mohenjo Daro' came to me, I decided to go by my gut instincts. If something big comes up, you need to give it that time and effort.''' ,'''As a person, I am someone who wants to give my the best in every take. I wouldn't say it was easy for me to get into the industry because I come from a background where no one has been in films. But I do believe if you work hard, you will get noticed. Modeling gave me that courage to stand in front of the camera.''' ,'''I got into the industry after Miss India, but I actively started modeling in 2010. I never even dreamed that a simple girl like me could act, let alone become an actress. Slowly, as I started giving acting a shot, I realised how much I enjoyed it and how happy it makes me.''' ,'''I come from a middle-class South Indian family, and we speak Tulu at home. I never led a lavish life, and I have my feet on the ground.''' ,'''I love Madhuri Dixit, Meryl Streep, Jennifer Lawrence, Leonardo Di Caprio, and Sandra Bullock.''' ,'''I really miss working in Telugu and Tamil. Fans there adore you.''' ,'''I feel I am blessed. So many actresses went without doing a period film in their career, and I got a chance to do one in my first film.''' ,'''I felt like an ugly duckling back in school. I was a complete tomboy with short hair. Never in my dreams did I imagine that I would walk the ramp with 6-inch heels. My friends can't believe that I'm an actor, because I was such an introvert in school.''' ,'''I want to explore a new place each year, and it can be within India. When I was shooting for 'Mohenjo Daro', I couldn't travel out of the country for two years. But it gave me an opportunity to explore new places within India. I'm sure there are so many places to explore in India, and I would love to go there.''' ,'''I saw singer Pink doing aerial flips during one of her performances at Grammy Awards. It got me inspired, and I started doing it, too. It has made me very flexible. I couldn't even touch my toes a few years ago, but now I find myself to be extremely fit.''' ,'''Back in school, there was this guy who had a huge crush on me. One day, when he mustered the courage to propose to me on a Rose Day, my friends burst out laughing right in front of him. I'm sure we all have had such experiences, and I've had crushes in the past. Right now, all I can think about is my films and deliver my best.''' ,'''Women-centric films are being made, and they are doing well.''' ,'''Besides acting, I love reading books, dancing, singing, and following a few sports. My favorite sport is tennis. I love travelling, and I see a new place every year. Luckily, my job helps me do that very easily. In my spare time, I also spend time watching English TV shows like 'Grey's Anatomy,' 'Modern Family,' 'House MD' and a few others.''' ,'''As far as the type of movies I am offered is concerned, it's a mix. I have been offered both period films and the regular fare.''' ,'''I am born and brought up in Mumbai. I have grown up watching Hindi films. So I belong here, I feel.''' ,'''The fact that I have done films down South didn't boost or hamper my chances here. In fact, I was still shooting for both my Telugu films when I met Ashu sir for 'Mohenjo Daro.' During the audition, he gave me five scenes with lengthy dialogues. Once I cleared them, he gave me a song to dance to. So, my Bollywood entry was no cakewalk.''' ,'''I am bound by a contract to not accept other films until 'Mohenjo Daro's release.''' ,'''You can't do anything about a film's fate at the box office.''' ,'''If my mom came to the sets, we would speak to her in Tulu, and no one would understand. That's an advantage when you know any South Indian language.''' ,]
+++