+++
author = "Jim Elliot"
title = "Jim Elliot Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Jim Elliot Quotes"
keywords = "jim elliot,jim elliot quotes,jim elliot quote,jim elliot sayings,jim elliot saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Domesticated males aren't much use for adventure.''' ,'''Grieve not, then, if your sons seem to desert you, but rejoice, rather, seeing the will of God done gladly.''' ,'''Systematic theology - be careful how you tie down the Word to fit your set and final creeds, systems, dogmas, and organized theistic philosophies! The Word of God is not bound! It's free to say what it will to the individual, and no one can outline it into dispensations which cannot be broken.''' ,'''What a brutish master sin is, taking the joy from one's life, stealing money and health, giving promise of tomorrow's pleasures, and finally leading one onto the rotten planking that overlies the mouth of the pit.''' ,'''How wonderful to know that Christianity is more than a padded pew or a dim cathedral, but that it is a real, living, daily experience which goes on from grace to grace.''' ,'''Most laws condemn the soul and pronounce sentence. The result of the law of my God is perfect. It condemns but forgives. It restores - more than abundantly - what it takes away.''' ,'''Missionaries are very human folks, just doing what they are asked. Simply a bunch of nobodies trying to exalt Somebody.''' ,'''Lord, make my way prosperous, not that I achieve high station, but that my life may be an exhibit to the value of knowing God.''' ,'''It is true that a fellow cannot ignore women - but he can think of them as he ought - as sisters, not as sparring partners.''' ,'''We wouldn't think of rising in the morning without a face-wash, but we often neglect that purgative cleansing of the Word of the Lord. It wakes us up to our responsibility.''' ,'''God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.''' ,'''Feast of Stephen, Deacon, First Martyr, the man who will not act until he knows all will never act at all.''' ,'''He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose.''' ,'''Begin each day with private reading of the Word and prayer.''' ,'''Wherever you are - be all there.''' ,'''I only hope that He will let me preach to those who have never heard that name Jesus. What else is worthwhile in this life? I have heard of nothing better. 'Lord, send me!'''' ,'''I many no longer depend on pleasant impulses to bring me before the Lord. I must rather response to principles I know to be right, whether I feel them to be enjoyable or not.''' ,'''The sound of 'gentle stillness' after all the thunder and wind have passed will the ultimate Word from God.''' ,'''Live to the hilt every situation you believe to be the will of God.''' ,'''Coming home, we stopped for a bite to eat and ran into a confused waitress. Had a heart-rending time trying to speak the Words of Life to her, and as I think of all this country now, many just as confused, and more so, I realized that the 39th Street bus is as much a mission field as Africa ever was.''' ,'''No one warns young people to follow Adam's example. He waited till God saw his need. Then God made Adam sleep, prepared for his mate, and brought her to him. We need more of this 'being asleep' in the will of God.''' ,'''I wanted to sail when I was in grammar school and well remember memorizing the names of the sails from the Merriam-Webster's ponderous dictionary in the library. Now I am actually at sea - as a passenger, of course, but at sea nevertheless - and bound for Ecuador.''' ,'''I dare not stay home while Quichuas perish. What if the well-filled church in the homeland needs stirring? They have the Scriptures, Moses, and the prophets, and a whole lot more. Their condemnation is written on their bank books and in the dust on their Bible covers.''' ,'''The Lord has done what I wanted Him to do this week. I wanted, primarily, peace about going into pioneer Indian work. And as I analyze my feelings now, I feel quite at ease about saying that tribal work in South American jungles is the general direction of my missionary purpose.''' ,'''Ninety-five percent of our wool is going to China.''' ,]
+++