+++
author = "Lloyd Kaufman"
title = "Lloyd Kaufman Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Lloyd Kaufman Quotes"
keywords = "lloyd kaufman,lloyd kaufman quotes,lloyd kaufman quote,lloyd kaufman sayings,lloyd kaufman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I believe that independent film making is the last frontier of creative expression available. So I'm always willing to lend a helping hand to a young film maker who's just getting into the business.''' ,'''The thing I find about the movie industry is that 99 percent of the people are absolute scum. They're horrible people, they really are. Very nasty killer rabbits who hate movies. But the other 1 percent are really the greatest, most wonderful people in the world.''' ,'''Movies are art and the spirit of the movie depends on the creators.''' ,'''I like fat people more then I like thin people, things are always a lot more funnier when they happen to fat people.''' ,'''There is no way I could have ever dared to make a documentary, much less have the money to make a documentary, if it was on 16mm. But, with the magic of digital.''' ,'''I'm from the '60s, but no one has ever accused me of being a hippie. I never had much interest in the Woodstock crowd, which partied to change the world, while real people were starving to death in Africa.''' ,'''My favorite film is always the one that I most recently worked on.''' ,'''It is up to us to produce better-quality movies.''' ,'''If someone offered me a hundred million dollars to make a movie? I would first remind him that there are 850 million people in the world who don't have enough to eat.''' ,'''I hope that all new filmmakers see that the Internet and social media are helpful tools in establishing a fan base as well as being able to interact with your fans.''' ,'''The dean of the American Film Institute has written that I'm one of the very few auteurs in America. I've had freedom for 40 years to create art that is totally personal and is what I believe in.''' ,'''In our racist, sexist society, Christmas is the 8 hours when we stop killing each other and gratutious over eating is encouraged so that the starving and other people in the world can die!''' ,''''Fast Food Nation' was boring and aimed at yuppies, and yuppies don't eat fast food.''' ,'''I majored in Chinese Studies. I'm probably the only director of chicken Indian zombie movies who can speak pretty good Mandarin.''' ,'''My roommate at Yale University introduced me to the auteur theory of filmmaking. I soon became a big fan of the works of John Ford, Kenji Mizoguchi, Ernst Lubitsch, and Stan Brakhage. I then decided to make my own films!''' ,'''Comedy is not commercial; it is risky, because what is funny in one place isn't always funny somewhere else.''' ,'''I don't make crappy movies. I spend two or three years making a film. I don't take myself seriously, but I take my movies very seriously.''' ,'''That DMC Act is a disgrace. And the problem with independent art in this country is that independent artists have been economically blacklisted.''' ,'''In our racist, sexist society, Christmas is the eight hours when we stop killing each other and gratuitous overeating is encouraged so that the starving and other people in the world can die!''' ,]
+++