+++
author = "Fred Melamed"
title = "Fred Melamed Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Fred Melamed Quotes"
keywords = "fred melamed,fred melamed quotes,fred melamed quote,fred melamed sayings,fred melamed saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Though I acted in hundreds of productions, appeared at the Guthrie Theatre and on Broadway in Amadeus, I discovered in my thirties that I didn't really like stage acting. The presence of the audience, the eight shows a week and the possibility of a long run were all unnatural to me.''' ,'''I haven't appeared on stage in quite a long time and I don't have any immediate plans to do so, but I'm always interested in going back.''' ,'''I have two young children with autism. What could they have ever done to deserve that? What kind of a God allows the innocent to suffer? It's a mystery. Yet still, I believe in God.''' ,'''I have a secret aspiration to be considered for a part where it doesn't matter what you look like to play it.''' ,'''I'm one of relatively few stage-trained actors who doesn't much like acting on stage. It feels kind of like riding the Cyclone at Coney Island, which I did when I was eight. When it was all over, I was glad I had done it, but most of the time when it was actually happening, I was just kind of hanging on for dear life.''' ,'''I am tolerably ignorant about Judaism, and much of what I do know about it seems hard to swallow, because it is so grounded in legalism, and adherence to rituals.''' ,'''I always think of the character as being me. But me wearing a 'coat', which may be a different way of speaking, moving or regarding other people. To me, acting is pretending, just like kids playing, only you pretend as if it were really, really real.''' ,'''I don't really know of the Jewish tradition of comedy, only the Jewish tradition of not keeping your mouth shut. Complaining about all that is hard, unfair or ridiculous in life-having strong feelings, and not being able to suppress them. That, to me, is Jewish.''' ,'''We must agree to live in this world, with all that is unfair about it, without knowing why, if we wish to have a God in our lives.''' ,'''Most of the time when I receive a script, it says something like 'Rosenberg is the fat, slovenly Mayor, who doesn't want the kids to use the Skateboard Park', or 'Stein is a pompous, rotund attorney, imposing to all.' It would be so freeing to get a script where my character is simply described as 'A Man.'''' ,'''It probably goes without saying that I enjoy the potato pancakes, delicious hams and so forth that maddeningly turn up at this time of year.''' ,'''Well, because I have twin seven-year-old boys, I enjoy the gift giving stuff a great deal. We do both Hanukkah and Christmas, so it is a costly, though extremely pleasing proposition.''' ,]
+++