+++
author = "Daniela Vega"
title = "Daniela Vega Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Daniela Vega Quotes"
keywords = "daniela vega,daniela vega quotes,daniela vega quote,daniela vega sayings,daniela vega saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are certain exercises that you can do to let go of the emotions you create when you play a certain role. Breathing techniques.''' ,'''I wanted to be a woman, first. And then singer. And then actress. For me, to me it's not as important what you do so much as who you are.''' ,'''I had a grandmother who was blind and she taught me to understand sound as an image.''' ,'''And what are we going to leave for future generations? Are we going to leave them only buildings, cars? Or are we going to create more empathetic, more diverse societies more open to diversity?''' ,'''I faced a certain amount of violence. It taught me that I had to learn to protect myself - and it made me stronger. It could have made me step backwards with my self-discovery. Instead, it pushed me further.''' ,'''People tend to think that's your life when you're playing a role.''' ,'''Talent is only a part of the work. It is the work that generates the talent.''' ,'''I take very seriously the creation process, but I take the red carpet, the dresses with the trains, the hair, and the makeup very lightly.''' ,'''As an artist, what I'm looking for isn't the answers but the questions. Art saved my life, and I'm sure that it could save the lives of many people. If it's not art, find your place. But never give up.''' ,'''In Chile and in other places, people recognize me, and everything I've been able to pick up from this experience is people caring about me.''' ,'''If we can make more diverse colors, people, stories, it will be interesting. Uniforms are for the military and the police, not for our thinking.''' ,'''The most important thing when you're shooting difficult scenes is that you have a supportive team who will buck you up emotionally.''' ,'''If we broaden our gaze, it will be more interesting, more beautiful.''' ,'''Latin America is not that different from the rest of the world. Some of us have been trying to get from the edges into the centre, but we're very few. The world is still very resistant to understanding the diversity of human beings.''' ,'''I would say that no one in this world can say that they've never been bullied or have violence against them.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an artist. I always knew that I wanted to paint, or dance, or sing, or act, or write.''' ,'''I feel that art deals with issues way before any political organisation.''' ,'''And I think every woman can be a diva, and every woman can be just a woman. I think life is a runway, and you can do everything you want. If you want.''' ,'''I have always wanted to act.''' ,'''Actors incorporate certain emotions from our own lives in order to create characters, and emotions come from experience.''' ,'''I seek out hard things. I tried to imitate other singers. It was a self-discovery for me to move from imitating others to me growing to sing in my own voice. The opera was difficult and it felt like a personal conquest.''' ,'''I don't consider myself an icon.''' ,'''I would like to play a mother or a pregnant woman. My body of work can expand because I like challenges. I think I could play male roles. I don't limit myself.''' ,'''I did try painting, but it didn't work. I tried to dance, but that didn't work either. And then I tried to act, and it seemed to work.''' ,'''A Fantastic Woman' has been seen as very interesting and entertaining. The film has had very good reactions. We are very surprised and delighted how the characters have connected with so many people.''' ,]
+++