+++
author = "Amy Carlson"
title = "Amy Carlson Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Amy Carlson Quotes"
keywords = "amy carlson,amy carlson quotes,amy carlson quote,amy carlson sayings,amy carlson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like clothes that are easy to wear. I like to be comfortable and confident. When people have an inner sense of confidence, they're more beautiful.''' ,'''I like to go out to different restaurants in New York. I'm a restaurant junkie.''' ,'''I'm a restaurant junkie.''' ,'''Cop families have guns in their houses.''' ,'''When people have an inner sense of confidence, they're more beautiful.''' ,'''Acting is the most communicative thing I can imagine doing.''' ,'''Cop families have guns in their houses. It's a bigger question for mothers. When is the right time to introduce to your children the things that could hurt them? But not having the knowledge could hurt them.''' ,'''On the one hand, I always get the young ingenue, pretty parts. But I don't think of myself that way because I was an ugly duckling when I was growing up. I have to be reminded when I play a part sometimes that I'm playing the pretty girl.''' ,'''I've always believed that humans are good at heart. But there's always the exception.''' ,'''I trained for the marathon. I run along the East River, and I used to run all the way down Manhattan, up the West Side and back home.''' ,'''If I'm going out on the town in New York, I always wear Danielle Collins T-shirts - they are expressive, young: independent woman in charge of herself, her body, and her mind.''' ,'''I feel there's something about becoming a character that helps people understand themselves.''' ,'''I like clothes that are easy to wear. I like to be comfortable and confident.''' ,'''To play a cop's wife - there's so much in that world, the wives or partners of anyone who is a first responder - it's not an easy job. It's not an easy way to live, to say goodbye to someone in the morning and not know what's going to happen throughout the day.''' ,]
+++