+++
author = "Kim Tae-Hyung"
title = "Kim Tae-Hyung Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Kim Tae-Hyung Quotes"
keywords = "kim tae-hyung,kim tae-hyung quotes,kim tae-hyung quote,kim tae-hyung sayings,kim tae-hyung saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are times when I get really depressed, when I'm going through difficult times and when I want someone to hold my hand. Sometimes I'll think, 'Forget it. I want to be this way.' I often feel that way. But when we started the Love Yourself World Tour, I stopped having those thoughts.''' ,'''The way we write our solo songs is that we take the emotions that we feel and put them in the lyrics. And we try to put them in the songs.''' ,'''ARMYs are the ones who've stood by our side since our difficult days, who've shared our joy and sadness, who know us best.''' ,'''I am a grown-up but I am still a kid at heart.''' ,'''First of all, Jimin is a very innocent boy. He's very kind-hearted.''' ,'''You have to eat a lot in order to stay fit.''' ,'''Our fans are the best. They are motivation.''' ,'''I'll go to certain boutiques and look for clothes without labels. You can find a lot of nice unbranded shirts, and I wear those a lot.''' ,'''On the plane, I dampen cotton pads with toner and put on lotion twice as much.''' ,'''After I eat, I put food in a food waste bag.''' ,'''We had a very small practice studio in the basement.''' ,'''We love American ARMY so much!''' ,'''I read the original webtoon 'Itaewon Class' before seeing the drama. The character of Park Sae Roy left a particularly deep impression on me, and I really liked him.''' ,'''I may not be poetic but i'd love to write songs that convey my true feelings.''' ,'''For a long time, I have loved Coldplay and I have always enjoyed listening to their music.''' ,'''This is just a personal thought, but there's a lot of things that people can't do because of COVID-19. I think that it would be nice to write or express the first thing we want to do after COVID-19 ends.''' ,'''I want to try doing music in the style of Conan Gray or 'All Tinted.'''' ,'''I want to have wide shoulders like Jin.''' ,'''As artists, we have to change our style to match each concept. We're always changing, ever changing.''' ,'''Even if it's the same song, making our performances different, new or more fun is the greatest challenge.''' ,'''Be yourself. Create your own unique style.''' ,'''I think this song, 'Ioniq,' is the best song for commercial music.''' ,'''I didn't think that BTS would be in such limelight.''' ,'''I think I may have become a grown man.''' ,'''Eat well, sleep well, work out well, sing well, and perform well.''' ,'''I like to pick one piece that pops against everything else. I like flashy shirts, or I'll wear a simple shirt with a fancy tie. I also like vintage pieces, more stand-out ones.''' ,'''With each concept, we change it up completely and the styles have been so diverse. For 'Boy in Luv,' we wore school uniforms. For 'Blood, Sweat & Tears,' it was a range of suits and white shirts.''' ,'''Jin-hyung had a lot of cool parts in 'Fake Love.' Jin-hyung is the main character.''' ,'''The fans gave us the wings that allowed us to be where we are. So we're always thankful, and we know we're here thanks to our fans.''' ,'''I was always worried about things but I focused on finding happiness.''' ,'''There are so many ways to rest at home.''' ,'''I don't think my personality will change. No matter how much time passes or how old I get, I'd like to be considered a playful person to everyone.''' ,'''Thinking that we have touched ARMY members is something I would like to applaud ourselves for.''' ,'''I've been looking for my absolute favorite beauty product for a long time because my skin becomes dry and oily relatively fast. I haven't found the right one, but I'm not giving up!''' ,]
+++