+++
author = "Julia Fox"
title = "Julia Fox Quotes"
quotes_len = "85"
description = "the best 85 Julia Fox Quotes"
keywords = "julia fox,julia fox quotes,julia fox quote,julia fox sayings,julia fox saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I remember thinking, if someone else can play me better than me, then what am I even here on this earth for?''' ,'''I worked at a shoe store on 86th Street called Orva, in the hosiery department because nobody went there. That's where they put me because I was too incapable of doing anything.''' ,'''If I have a free day, sometimes I'm just reading scripts all day. They pile up.''' ,'''I really do love acting, and it does come very naturally to me. I think I'll be able to succeed.''' ,'''I've always kind of been an outcast.''' ,'''I can be out very, very late at night because I don't require that much sleep.''' ,'''I mean, we have all fought in a club. I'm kind of known for that.''' ,'''I could be baking a cake and I'll do it a certain way. If you're just a creative person, it'll come out no matter what.''' ,'''I will a hundred percent sell out. Because I'll always be myself... my raw, authentic self.''' ,'''I want the things that I create to outshine the person that I am perceived to be, which I think is often not accurate and not really representative of who I am.''' ,'''I don't ever want to limit myself based on what other people have told me I am.''' ,'''I mean, life is kind of like your own movie. You collect your characters to play your friends or acquaintances, your lovers. You're the casting director of your own life.''' ,'''There are times when I feel I've exposed too much but I also know what I do has touched people and I get so many young girls that tell me how it has helped them navigate through their own personal struggle and that makes it all worth it.''' ,'''Nightlife is, to me, a little synthetic, a little desperate?''' ,'''Fashion and nightlife, the catwalk and the club, are notorious for going hand-in-hand.''' ,'''I like cut-outs, I love knitwear. I just love things that make you feel good. I love looking sexy.''' ,'''I want to explore myself in every facet.''' ,'''I usually know when something is going to end up being catastrophic but I don't really care. I find that the things that end up being earth shattering are the things that give me the most thrill.''' ,'''Well, from a young age we amassed quite an international archive of vintage clothing. This gave us the platform to begin experimenting with silhouette and understanding the cut and fit of clothing from around the world.''' ,'''I want to create a TV show, I want to direct, I want to produce.''' ,'''The '90s were just such an amazing time for movies. There was more money in movies and you could get away with things.''' ,'''I just love feeling things.''' ,'''I love Nic Cage and Meryl Streep.''' ,'''I've always been kind of eclectic.''' ,'''I grew up with my dad. He was very eccentric. I had zero supervision in New York. It's kind of like I was an orphan.''' ,'''You have to use your pain as your gift. If you're able to take something really negative and repackage it as something positive, you've nailed it.''' ,'''In my pre-quarantine life, I would watch maybe, like, TV here and there, but I would never really fully commit to an entire movie because I can't really sit still for that long.''' ,'''I'm always changing. I'm always evolving. I'm always growing.''' ,'''Maybe the mainstream needs someone like me.''' ,'''My mom told me that even as a toddler I wasn't afraid of anything. She thought something was wrong with me. I didn't know how to walk or swim, but that didn't stop me from crawling into the ocean and almost drowning over and over again.''' ,'''I would just go wherever the wind blew, and I would always get myself into crazy situations. By some miracle, I'm still alive.''' ,'''If I'm not able to share my experiences with everyone or else, they mean nothing at all.''' ,'''I've always said that I've been acting my whole life, and everyone always told me, 'you should be an actress professionally.' I've heard that my whole life, so it's kind of cool to think, 'yeah, they were right.' I can do this and I'm good at it, and that feels really good.''' ,'''I like to be as outrageous as possible. I really like to push the boundaries and then I'll have a whole team of people saying like, 'Absolutely not, you cannot wear that.'''' ,'''I didn't want to act but just as a person I love to try new things and I never want to limit myself.''' ,'''Fashion is just so intense. It really has to be your passion, and it wasn't my passion.''' ,'''I want to use my platform to highlight and shed light on issues that are dear to me.''' ,'''I just never thought in a million years that I would be, like, sharing a kiss on-screen with Adam Sandler.''' ,'''I think I started going clubbing when I was 14. I remember I made a fake ID and laminated it myself. I forget what the name on it was, but I remember it was something so stupid. We went to Kinko's to do it.''' ,'''As New York City kids, you lived fast and partied hard as teenagers - experiences that informed your design aesthetic.''' ,'''I kind of have a strange addiction to hair dryers. Like on the TV show, where they eat toilet paper or eat the wall or something - I'm addicted to hair dryers. Since I was 8 years old, I've used them to fall asleep. I love the white noise. I love the heat. It just puts me right to sleep.''' ,'''I get my eyelashes done. I get my top lashes done, and then I use waterproof mascara for my bottom lashes. It's an easy regimen.''' ,'''I think fashion is a beautiful art.''' ,'''I have rosacea, so my cheeks always look like I have blush on. So I kind of already look like I'm wearing makeup, which is why I don't wear a lot of makeup.''' ,'''If my boyfriend was kicking me out of our house, I wouldn't leave peacefully and leave a note. I would have trashed the place. It would have been a lot more traumatic.''' ,'''I can't sit around and be bitter all the time. I have to go out and create my own little world, one that won't change when I'm not ready for it to.''' ,'''I want to be in Hollywood.''' ,'''My hair is always the same. It's wavy, so I brush it with a round brush. I'm a brush fanatic. I hoard brushes. I love getting my hair brushed. I will ask my friends to brush my hair for me.''' ,'''I've crossed paths with so many different people from all walks of life. Any situation you put me in, I can manage.''' ,'''If I'm scared of something there's more incentive for me to do it.''' ,'''Heartbreak is a luxury in my opinion. In a lot of places in the world there's no time for that. People are worried about how they're going to get their next meal. There's no time to cry over someone.''' ,'''New York used to be a place where, if you were different, you were celebrated.''' ,'''I think a lot of what I do is for my own personal healing.''' ,'''Usually, on sets, they'll have multiples of the same outfit, in case it gets damaged or in case it gets dirty and starts to smell weird.''' ,'''As you can see from 'Symptomatic of a relationship gone sour' I have definitely done my fair share of sinning, so I just want to recount my story and how I have come to terms with myself.''' ,'''I love to write, to create my own characters and make them do whatever I want.''' ,'''I am a creative person, and knew my bigger picture would be writing, directing, and producing; that's what I've always thought I would get to one day.''' ,'''I'm a collector of experiences and also very impulsive; I get an impulse to do something and my intuition of telling me to do something or if I get this idea and I think it's brilliant, I just have to do it.''' ,'''I'm always a big-picture kind of gal. I always think in the long term, and I like to see things through from beginning to end in my head.''' ,'''I want to conquer everything that I do.''' ,'''I think I just have naturally oily skin.''' ,'''When I saw 'Bully' and I was 11 or 12 years old I thought I could do this; I could make movies. Larry Clark's cinematography is very raw. It's also based on a true story. I think a lot of the movies I like are based on true stories.''' ,'''I think as a creative person, anything you put in front of an artist, any type of medium, your specific tastes will come out.''' ,'''Staten Island is like a different world. If you're from Staten Island, you're like not from New York, you're from Staten Island.''' ,'''I grew up above a video store. My dad had an account with them and... he was very busy and had his own life. So I just would watch movies nonstop.''' ,'''I love Penelope Cruz and Tilda Swinton, and I love Marisa Tomei. I feel like I get compared to her a lot, which I think is the biggest compliment, because she's incredible. Debi Mazar I get a lot, and I love her, because I feel like we have similar stories. New York, club kid, just a complete train wreck, very independent.''' ,'''Fashion is a little bit pretentious. Whereas I feel like movies are just fun. That's just my perspective, based off my experiences, obviously everyone has different experiences.''' ,'''I think of myself as a creator, and I think that will always shine through in any medium that I decide to pick up. If you're creative and you're an artist, you could be doing anything and that creativity will shine.''' ,'''My dad always told me that I should have been an actress, but that wasn't really my main focus. I really love to be the director, the person in charge, making my fantasy come to life. But if I love someone else's fantasy, I'll definitely help them bring theirs to life, too.''' ,'''Yeah, I feel as an artist, making a movie is the top of the food chain - that's the peak, the climax of everything.''' ,'''For my first role, I'm going to remember it forever as this incredible, positive experience, and just a miracle. The stars aligned, and it was perfect.''' ,'''For me, lipstick itself is an accessory. I like red, but I really have to be in the mood for it because it makes my lips look really big. I usually will match it with my outfit. I also love a good lip liner - I'm telling you, when I put on the lip liner, it just makes them look even better. I'll do everything. I want big, big, big.''' ,'''I'm just not the best employee, and I came to terms with that very young, and I realized that if I was going to be successful then I'd have to be my own boss and take control of my life.''' ,'''Looking at myself retrospectively, how I survived, how I was reactionary as my surroundings were ever changing and I didn't have time to make thought out choices. My growth was quick, forced and dynamic.''' ,'''I'm really open to everything. Maybe I'm really good in rom-coms, you know?''' ,'''I can't be a one-hit wonder - though, I don't think that is going to be the case.''' ,'''I do feel even though now I'm acting, I still feel like I'm going to do a lot of other things, like write a book or multiple books, maybe a children's book - just random things that I feel like I want to do, that I have an urge to do in that moment.''' ,'''I think the things that excite other people don't even scratch the surface for me. I need much more to feel the adrenaline and the thrill.''' ,'''I have that imposter syndrome.''' ,'''I'm used to things changing, I'm used to having to keep going and not really stopping to think and stress out.''' ,'''I've been in New York my whole life. It's changed so much; it's not the New York that I grew up with. All the landmarks of my childhood are gone. I do kind of feel like a bitter old-timer, like, 'These kids don't know what it was like.'''' ,'''I actually love not being around people.''' ,'''I kind of consider myself as an anti-It Girl. I don't really care about being seen.''' ,'''I'm so many different things in one. I'm like, really, truly a New Yorker.''' ,'''I pick up subtle cues very well and pay attention to detail.''' ,]
+++