+++
author = "Teddy Sears"
title = "Teddy Sears Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Teddy Sears Quotes"
keywords = "teddy sears,teddy sears quotes,teddy sears quote,teddy sears sayings,teddy sears saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a really big surfer, and I have also been playing a ton of volleyball on the beach on the weekends.''' ,'''For the most part, I don't have a Facebook page; I don't Twitter.''' ,'''There's acting, and then there's auditioning; mastering auditioning is sort of the first thing an actor really needs to nail down when he or she wants to get a part.''' ,'''My siblings and I, we were raised on TV and films. Not a day went by that we weren't watching one of three movies - 'Caddyshack,' 'Animal House,' 'Beverly Hills Cop' - on rotation. Our comedy, our personalities were set watching 'Sesame Street': these really sort of wacky, Jim Henson-y characters.''' ,'''Dumb luck brought on the move from business to acting. I had moved to New York when I was 23, in the year 2000. On a lark, I went to audition for a soap opera.''' ,'''I did almost two years on 'One Life to Live,' so I was thinking, 'Oh yeah, I'm an actor now.'''' ,'''Dumb luck brought on the move from business to acting. I had moved to New York when I was 23, in the year 2000. On a lark, I went to audition for a soap opera. I thought, 'Hey, this will be a really fun story to tell my grandkids one day, that I auditioned for a soap!'''' ,'''It's a strange thing we do as actors. I'm walking out the door, and I'll say, 'O.K., honey, I'm off to take my clothes off.'''' ,'''My childhood ambition was to be an Olympic swimmer like my aunt, but that died a quick death when I discovered other sports. I swam very competitively till I was 15, then I swam for fun until I was 18. But athletics remain a very big part of my life.''' ,'''I've spent a lot of time self-reflecting. Especially as an actor, you have to know yourself really well in order to do things effectively. And when I dress, I dress for me. I don't dress to make other people think that I'm this way or that way.''' ,'''All I wanted to do was be a working actor.''' ,'''I swam very competitively till I was 15, then I swam for fun until I was 18. But athletics remain a very big part of my life. I try to keep that as much in balance with work as I can.''' ,'''I prize being just a normal dude that wakes up, goes to work, comes home to his wife - like, quite boring.''' ,'''I walked out of 'Harry and the Hendersons.' Harry bugged me; I don't know. Yeah, it's weird because I think Sasquatches are great, but not then. Maybe not that weekend - I don't know. I don't know what it was.''' ,]
+++