+++
author = "Don Novello"
title = "Don Novello Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Don Novello Quotes"
keywords = "don novello,don novello quotes,don novello quote,don novello sayings,don novello saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's some kind of dark symbiosis between lunatics and the Postal Service.''' ,'''I've done it 30 years. I don't know what there is to gain by doing it 40. But I think there is something about doing it over that length of time that says something. That's seven U.S. presidents and five presidents of McDonald's.''' ,'''I have like 250 letters that I have to whittle it down to 150. Only then do you have the whole overview of a book. When it was finally edited, at least my take was, everybody's lying. You know?''' ,'''Tommy Smothers is my longest mentor, and Dave Eggers is my youngest.''' ,'''I'm kind of surprised that so many of those other books were almost exactly like mine. They even follow the form. There were some books that even copied the stamp. It shows so little imagination.''' ,'''I wrote that letter, and the one to Nixon. And I wrote more letters, and I thought it might be a magazine article. At that time I sent it to Esquire and Playboy, but anyway, I kept writing, and all of sudden I had enough and thought, well maybe it is a book.''' ,'''I never thought I'd be a writer. I never thought I'd be able to read a book, let alone write one. So if books like this inspire kids to write, or even read a whole book, I think it's good.''' ,]
+++