+++
author = "Debbie Harry"
title = "Debbie Harry Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Debbie Harry Quotes"
keywords = "debbie harry,debbie harry quotes,debbie harry quote,debbie harry sayings,debbie harry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've had some lovely extraordinary experiences on New Year's Eve.''' ,'''We probably, as primitive people, made music before we actually had a language, and that's where language comes from.''' ,'''I thought I'd live to a ripe old age, because I always felt there was a lot to do. I had a driven feeling. I always thought in the present.''' ,'''But as a writer and performer, I want to get paid for what I do.''' ,'''That was the impetus for me to do music or art, because I knew if I didn't try when I was young, then I would get to be in my 40's and I'd be really unhappy that I hadn't.''' ,'''Lately I've been believing that music predates speech.''' ,'''We wanted to enjoy what we were doing and we had business things we had to straighten out and personnel problems and it sort of took a little time to do it.''' ,'''Christina Aguilera is an incredible musician and singer.''' ,'''Capote wrote every day. He said that's the only way, you have to sit down every day and do it.''' ,'''New York has always been a city of change and a city about change, and it is a back-leading development. Nobody's going to want to come to New York if it looks like another strip mall.''' ,'''I mean I think that Blondie's influence is a little bit in a way more eclectic than those bands.''' ,'''If I were to do a foundation, it would be to promote solar energy. And I'm worried about drilling for oil. I think it is harming the earth, 'cos it drains the layer of oil under the surface, and that could be causing earthquakes. It's like we're giving the earth arthritis. I don't know if that sounds crazy.''' ,'''Being hot never hurts!''' ,'''I get myself a gig somewhere, whether it's in a club, whether it's in a bar, it doesn't matter, and I just work on New Year's Eve because I always feel it's very symbolic for me for the next year, for the new year.''' ,'''I could be a housewife... I guess I've vacuumed a couple of times.''' ,'''Music does not carry you along. You have to carry it along strictly by your ability to really just focus on that little small kernel of emotion or story.''' ,'''I really, really like writing songs.''' ,'''I don't mind if my skull ends up on a shelf as long as it's got my name on it.''' ,'''I do know the effect that music still has on me - I'm completely vulnerable to it. I'm seduced by it.''' ,'''I turned on VH1 this morning just to get a little warm-up before I came over here, and I think it's just terrific. There's so much great stuff: diverse and wonderful music, good performances, great looking girls, great videos, the whole thing.''' ,'''I always work on New Year's Eve, no matter what.''' ,'''I love the ACLU and I'm concerned now, especially when it comes to our rights, with current politics and the religious community and the Conservative majority or minority - I don't know who they are.''' ,'''I'm a culture vulture, and I just want to experience it all.''' ,'''But computers have changed the world for everyone, so there will be some way of working it out.''' ,'''The only person I really believe in is me.''' ,'''You always fall for the rascal or the guy who's got a little bit of the devil in him. You can't help it.''' ,'''I always say the new album is the best one yet. I always feel that - I really do, because it's the latest and it's the newest and it's a little bit better.''' ,'''It's amazing to me to see how bands evolve and how they take all their influences and come up with their own sound.''' ,'''The word 'iconic' is used too frequently - an icon is a statue carved in wood. It was shocking at first, when I got that reference. It was a responsibility, and it's impossible to live up to - you're supposed to be dead, for one thing.''' ,'''And living in a metropolitan area which is ethnically diverse, our lives are very complicated, so our emotional experiences are going to be varied like that.''' ,'''I have a lot of regrets, but I'm not going to think of them as regrets.''' ,'''I think it's a Blondie tradition that all of our albums sort of have a wide spread of styles.''' ,'''I guess people assume I have some sort of totally magical life, but I'm a working musician, fortunately. I've worked on my craft, and I'm very fortunate I've been able to survive in a very competitive industry and enjoy my success. It's not easy.''' ,'''Music is wonderful. Especially if there's some kind of content to it.''' ,'''And New Year's Eve is very, very important to me.''' ,'''But, you know, the issues of humanity and what is fair treatment and good treatment of a fellow human being should not really be based on a personal sense of right and wrong or judgment.''' ,'''I feel like I have to have a voice.''' ,'''Something's that written out is okay, but it's not always a clear indication of what a person means.''' ,'''Music has its own emotional embodiment. It carries an emotion with it. When you associate a lyric with the music, it's much easier; but when you're standing there completely dry in front of the camera with no musical background, just a fine-tuned, get-this-emotional-story across, it's a very, very intense kind of focus.''' ,'''And I wasn't convinced that I was the most talented person in the world.''' ,]
+++