+++
author = "Margot Robbie"
title = "Margot Robbie Quotes"
quotes_len = "108"
description = "the best 108 Margot Robbie Quotes"
keywords = "margot robbie,margot robbie quotes,margot robbie quote,margot robbie sayings,margot robbie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''All your mannerisms change easily when you have inch-long acrylic nails.''' ,'''It was actually nice to get a fresh, clean slate when I came to America.''' ,'''I get miserable if I don't eat.''' ,'''I learned a lot about pain and suffering during 'Pan Am.' We had to wear very constricting period-correct girdles and bras. After that, I learned to read a script with an eye toward the undergarments.''' ,'''Something I realized when I moved to America: people get these general American accents, but when they get angry or upset or excited, their original accents come out. It's something I noticed with my manager, because he's from New York, and the first time he got angry, he suddenly had this accent.''' ,'''The two things I've been told most often since my career took off - by taxi drivers, lifelong friends and everyone in between - have been, 'Don't ever change, Margot' and 'You can't do that anymore, Margot.'''' ,'''I love flying so much. I even like airplane food. No one bothers you and your phone never goes off and you can't have emails go through. It's undisturbed.''' ,'''To do all your own stunts, you have to be so strong.''' ,'''If someone's gonna pick between me and Emma Stone, they're gonna pick Emma Stone.''' ,'''I have to keep explaining to people that screen kissing isn't quite the same; it's close, but it isn't quite the same as a normal, real-life kiss.''' ,'''It's not about being rich, but everyone back home has a pool. And I was a total water baby. My mom couldn't get me out - she'd put my dinner plate at the end of the pool, and I'd eat my meals in the water.''' ,'''If I looked good in 'Wolf of Wall Street,' I cannot take full credit; it was because of the hair extensions and makeup.''' ,'''Where I'm from on the Gold Coast, we say that there are a lot of 'cashed-up Bogans,' you know, people with no class but a lot of money.''' ,'''Even I admit I may have peaked too soon.''' ,'''My mother's family raised grains and crops. My father's grew sugarcane and mangos. So I knew more about the basics of farming than of acting.''' ,'''If people are talking about me, I want it to be because of the work I'm doing and not the person I'm seeing.''' ,'''There are those who build careers and companies just out of being popular on Instagram, but there's nothing behind them.''' ,'''I am unobservant.''' ,'''There are things in life that don't come to me naturally, and social media and the Internet and all those things are some of them, somewhere between taxes and cooking!''' ,'''I have an irrational fear that I'm going to have a gruesome and untimely death because so many wonderful things are happening to me.''' ,'''I know that my look is more 'toothpaste model' as opposed to artsy, which sucks because I can play those roles.''' ,'''I always wanted to play ice hockey back in Australia, I'm not sure why, but we didn't have any ice where I lived. It was very hot - a coastal town.''' ,'''Playing a bad guy is always more fun than playing the good guy.''' ,'''It's just terrible: I miss flights all the time, more than I probably catch one.''' ,'''No one in my family had ever done anything acting-wise or entertainment industry-wise.''' ,'''I'd love them to have adorable little American accents, but I do want to bring my kids up in Australia; it's such a good lifestyle.''' ,'''I've worked everywhere. I worked in a warehouse packing surf supplies, a restaurant washing dishes, in retail, and I was a 'sandwich artist' at Subway.''' ,'''There's nothing I dislike more than being in a photo shoot where they say, 'Be yourself.' That's not why I became an actress. That's what I find so funny: that you become an actor, and all of a sudden, everyone wants to know about you. But I didn't become an actor so I could show you me.''' ,'''When you look at movies, the lead girl is always gorgeous and thin. There is a stereotype that you need to look a certain way and when you get in the business you really feel the pressure.''' ,''''Wolf of Wall Street' opened up a lot of doors for me. It was such a massive opportunity, which provided me with only more opportunities.''' ,''''Everything happens for a reason' is something that we have to tell ourselves all the time, because it's good to have the idea that something good is around the corner.''' ,'''People ask me all the time what it is about Australia that produces so many big stars. Honestly, I believe it is a combination of things. Our education standards are quite high, but our industry is very limited. Yet we're very aware of the industry - everyone goes to the theater, sees TV shows.''' ,'''Honestly, my dating life according to the tabloids is very exciting, and the most hilarious thing is that it's nowhere near as exciting as the tabloids have ever made it out to be.''' ,'''I get very into my sports.''' ,'''It's almost impossible to get a movie all together when there are two main cast members, let alone an ensemble cast with everyone's schedules. It's crazy if it works out.''' ,'''You should have seen me at 14, with braces and glasses, gangly and doing ballet!''' ,'''I'm not a massive 'Star Trek' fan.''' ,'''I live with three boys, and I can't tell you how hard it is to get your hands on toilet paper. They steal it.''' ,'''Chemistry is so important and so unpredictable. Sometimes you get in a room with someone where aesthetically you make perfect sense as a couple, and then you read, and you're both kind of sitting there like, 'This isn't working for some strange reason; it just doesn't really pop.'''' ,'''I now know how to steal a watch when someone's wearing it. It's an excellent talent to have.''' ,'''People negotiate their way around how a human mind works and find blind points. That's how people steal effectively.''' ,'''You don't leave Australia unless you are passionate. Any Australian actor who comes to America is really committed. There are no dabblers - it's all or nothing.''' ,'''If there aren't roles you want to play, then you've kind of got to create them.''' ,'''It's always good to have a story arch.''' ,'''There is something about being people from your home country in a different country. It bonds you together.''' ,'''People take such an interest in your love life when you have a profile; it puts a lot of stress on a relationship.''' ,'''It's been helpful to have so many opportunities to look different so people stop pigeonholing you.''' ,'''Everyone's like, 'overnight sensation.' It's not overnight. It's years of hard work.''' ,'''I'm one extreme or the other. I'm not good at doing moderation.''' ,'''I have been robbed a bunch of times. And now that I know how to pickpocket, I understand why I have been pickpocketed so many times.''' ,'''As much as I'd only like to concentrate on the creative side of acting, the whole business in general is just that - a business - and you have to do your homework if you want to be successful.''' ,'''Ironically, I don't like having cameras in my face.''' ,'''I think, at the end of the day, age is just a number. It's like, in real life, I've got friends who are dating someone their age or dating someone who's twice their age, and they're equally in love.''' ,'''I'm not extravagant. I share my house in London with five roommates. I take the Tube. I intend to stay the exact same person I always was.''' ,'''Someone told me that you could learn to sing, and that there are muscles that if you build, you will sing.''' ,'''I kind of left everyone behind in Australia - all my friends and my family and I had to break up with my boyfriend.''' ,'''Certainly there's a huge appeal to the '60s, because it was such a big turning point to everyone. It was the era of change, the boiling point. People rebelled against things - the hippies, the feminists, the protesters. All these things just built up and boiled over. I think people can relate to that today.''' ,'''The most frustrating thing is picking up a script and loving the roles in it except the female ones... It's really annoying and something I've striven to change in the industry.''' ,'''I say this about everything: when I was on 'Neighbours,' I said, 'These are the best years of my life!' When I was filming 'The Wolf Of Wall Street,' I said, 'These are the best months of my life!' I always think I'm having the best time ever, and that I'll never have so much fun again.''' ,'''I'm definitely looking forward to doing a film one day with more female actors.''' ,'''Every time I see a piano, I have this urge to play it.''' ,'''My mum is just the sweetest person on Earth, and if I turned into her, I wouldn't be that upset at all; in fact, it would be an honour.''' ,'''I've got big, big dreams for the future.''' ,'''Any time I have any time off, I try to travel.''' ,'''I won't take parts where the female character has no substance.''' ,'''Being irrational and out of control is what happens in real life. Not cautiously choreographing your anger or your emotions, losing yourself in them is what happens in real life.''' ,'''People ask me, 'How do you remember your lines?' That's nothing. That is the least of my concerns.''' ,'''I'd rather trust nine people and have the 10th one stab me in the back. I'd take that fall in order to have those nine friendships or working relationships instead of having none. That's not living.''' ,'''I made a conscious decision not to date actors.''' ,'''My jet lag is getting a bit ridiculous. But, you know, it's first-world problems. It's a wonderful problem, 'Oh I have to travel around the world; how awful.'''' ,'''I really want to do a Western. I want to be the dude who is riding horses and doing exciting things - something where I get to do something physical and have to train for it. I don't want to be the damsel.''' ,'''I was absolutely obsessed with the Titanic - not the film, the actual boat. I'd draw diagrams about it and theorise that if it was built in a different way, it wouldn't have sunk.''' ,'''I was always very dramatic - my family would probably use the word 'dramatic' - as a child; always putting on performances, making everyone come watch, and pay to watch. I was very business-savvy as a child.''' ,'''In my big group of girlfriends at home, I am definitely not the best looking. I did not grow up feeling like I was particularly attractive.''' ,'''A movie shoots six months for two hours of film.''' ,'''That's precisely what we do as actors: try to convince the audience we are somebody else. And if you can do that, you are really doing something.''' ,'''It seems to be the way I get jobs - I book a holiday, I get to the other side of the world, then I'll get the job.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a tomboy.''' ,'''I have never been a cynical person.''' ,'''I have no concept of modesty anymore.''' ,'''I have many moments of self doubt. Everybody does.''' ,'''I just try to keep healthy more so than trying to be thin.''' ,'''I swear I'm not bossy in any other aspect of my life - it's just on set.''' ,'''If I have to get into a bikini, then I eat carrot sticks for three days.''' ,'''It irritates me so much the way people talk about soaps because it is far more difficult working on a soap than it is on a big studio film.''' ,'''Everyone's set the bar really high and expects me to be brilliant.''' ,'''I started working on a TV show in Australia, straight out of high school, so I missed the whole university experience.''' ,'''My hockey is good, but my ice skating is terrible. It's a bit of a mess to watch!''' ,'''I was devastated when I had to go blonde.''' ,'''I'm pretty open, and when I do interviews, I end up blabbing.''' ,'''I still have my agent back in Australia keeping an eye on things there, and we are trying to find the right job which will bring me home to shoot.''' ,'''I gravitate towards monochromes. I always sort of either wear white or black or cream. I really like wearing colorful things as well, but I'm a sucker for cream-colored.''' ,'''When I eat, I have to chop up everything on the plate and stir it all together. It devastates my mom. Everyone at the table is like, 'That looks like cat vomit.' And I stir my Coke with a spoon until it's flat.''' ,'''If you've worked in Australia, you can't get away with bad behaviour like showing up late. We take our work ethic very seriously.''' ,'''Once people see you pulling off one role, they think you're a safe bet to do a similar role.''' ,'''People don't really know about 'Neighbours' in America, and if they have heard of it, it's only in the context of 'Oh, sure, that's what Guy Pearce was on', or Kylie Minogue.''' ,'''There is a real sense of family when you're around Australians, even if you don't know them.''' ,'''I'm never happier than when I'm on set.''' ,'''Initially I thought: 'I would never get cast opposite Will Smith! No one would ever buy it with the age difference, our personalities.' I can't think of a couple that makes less sense in every way, shape and form.''' ,'''It's fascinating to see how versatile New York City is. It lends itself to being so many different places!''' ,'''The '60s are my favorite decade - with the Cold War, the women's movement. And then there's the music, the fashion, the clothes, the hair.''' ,'''I always have more fun when I stay in hostels - you just meet so many more people. A hotel makes sense when you're doing work things, but travelling, you don't really get a feel for a place if you're in a hotel. I find it seems to make it all feel like everywhere else.''' ,'''I don't have a very good diet.''' ,'''I kind of like pony tails, beards, maybe a tattoo. My massive obsession - I'm really targeting a niche market here - a hair lip.''' ,'''I kind of feel like every time I do a film, it is me and an entire male ensemble cast.''' ,'''Obviously social media has had a massive impact on the fame game, but not in a positive way. But it can be for some.''' ,'''New York is the coolest city. The place just never sleeps. It's amazing.''' ,'''When I first tried the American accent, for a moment I thought I could never be an actor because I just could not do it. But then I thought, 'Okay, it'll just be something that I work at until I get it.'''' ,]
+++