+++
author = "Natalie Maines"
title = "Natalie Maines Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Natalie Maines Quotes"
keywords = "natalie maines,natalie maines quotes,natalie maines quote,natalie maines sayings,natalie maines saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I hope I don't have a big ego. I try to keep that in check. But I am a prideful person, I will say.''' ,'''I'm not out looking for a cause. They sort of find me or find my heart. But sure, there's always time for that. My big mouth can talk all the time.''' ,'''I hate thinking about clothes. I hate shopping.''' ,'''I don't want to put my fate in country music fans; I'm too stubborn.''' ,'''I'm not good at multi-tasking.''' ,'''The short hair fits my personality more. I think maybe, with long hair, it was a role - I was playing dress-up a bit.''' ,'''I'm a way bigger worrier than I ever was before I had kids. And, you know, the stress and anxiety that can go along with motherhood, I have had to battle that.''' ,'''I caught up on a lot of just domestic normal everyday stuff, and grew up a lot, and went to therapy, and did a lot of contemplating and figuring things out. I needed to just strip everything away and figure out who I am and get to know myself, as cheesy as that sounds.''' ,'''I think something happens to us biologically when we have children where the worry sets in immediately. And I don't think that ever goes away. But you have to fight your instincts to build walls up around your children or to want to shelter and protect them from everything.''' ,'''It's very scary to me that people actually think we should just follow our leaders. If we can't learn from our history, we're nowhere.''' ,'''I didn't grow up listening to country music. I pretty much grew up rebelling against country music.''' ,'''I'm liberal on every social aspect, probably. More liberal than people would even believe. But there's still some of that Texas in me, as far as the gun debate. I wish there were no guns; I'm all for gun restrictions. But I'm also of the mind-set, if nothing changes, I'm getting a gun.''' ,'''Growing up, I thought I was going to be Madonna. I wanted to be a pop star. I wanted to dance and sing.''' ,'''I sing all the time. But maybe nobody's hearing it, because I'm singing in my car or in my house or whatever. I don't need the roar of the crowd, and I don't need to hear cheers to feel validated.''' ,'''People do look at it as an insult that I say I don't listen to country music, which cracks me up.''' ,'''I'm still in the Dixie Chicks; we haven't broken up... I love the Dixie Chicks; it's the most fun I've ever had in my life. It was like winning the lottery.''' ,'''My aunt is a newscaster in Lubbock, Texas, and she got a letter that said, 'Natalie Maines will be shot dead at their show in Dallas, Texas,' with the date of our concert. It was freaky to see that in writing.''' ,'''Music is a personal preference. Everyone's free to connect and like whatever they want.''' ,'''I'm still finding my legs, performance-wise, being up there by myself. I think I have a bit of proving myself ahead of me.''' ,'''To me, I was right from the beginning, because it's my right as an American to speak up and question our president, have my point of view, have my opinion, question what I want to question, and say what I want to say about our government.''' ,'''I knew I didn't want to make a country record just because that's not really what I would have ever made as a solo artist.''' ,'''Writing for me can be homework. I do get a lot from it in the end. But I hate doing it.''' ,]
+++