+++
author = "Laura Whitmore"
title = "Laura Whitmore Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Laura Whitmore Quotes"
keywords = "laura whitmore,laura whitmore quotes,laura whitmore quote,laura whitmore sayings,laura whitmore saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always tried to keep things as private as possible. Relationships are so hard as it is, especially when things are new and I'm all over the place. So you have to keep that as personal as possible.''' ,'''I played hockey, as most girls who go to convent schools in Ireland do, as well as table tennis and badminton - all the rock 'n' roll sports.''' ,'''I'm still learning new things about myself every day.''' ,'''I'm already really aware and self-conscious of my accent.''' ,'''I don't like men who try too hard.''' ,'''My only hope is that we can all try and be kinder, always show love and listen to one another.''' ,'''No one escapes the teenage years without a lot of challenges. I had many. I was awkward. Petrified of boys.''' ,'''My number one thing is be kind to yourself. We can't control what other people do, we can only control what we do.''' ,'''I love a themed occasion - it provides endless possibilities for the menu, decorations and drinks pairings.''' ,'''It can be easy to want to host everyone at once, but when it comes to virtual dinner parties - the smaller the group the better.''' ,'''I realised years ago that no one really knows what they're doing and you kind of just learn by observing.''' ,'''What Irish person doesn't love the Eurovision?''' ,'''If I'm on my phone and I'm feeling quite negative, maybe I need to not be on my phone so much.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with Stevie Nicks and I think she's awesome - everything from her music to her style.''' ,'''When it comes to having children or not having children, I don't think we realise how many women have to deal with things quietly.''' ,'''My mum and dad are great mates.''' ,'''I've always known I bruise like a peach.''' ,'''No one knows what they're doing. I remember going into an interview with a big star and I was nervous. Then I realised they were more nervous. I realised I was the one with the power because I was the one asking the questions.''' ,'''I grew up in a small house with just my mam and felt quite lonely at times.''' ,'''I am an ambitious person and I like a sense of challenge.''' ,'''I snack on almonds and always make sure I have some with me. I hate being hungry.''' ,'''It's a bit harder being on TV. I would be open to finding dates through Facebook or Instagram though, does that count? I do love flicking through profiles on my friend's dating apps though!''' ,'''I used to care too much what people thought.''' ,'''The 'Love Island' villa smells. That's the one thing the audience at home never see.''' ,'''To avoid dry skin on my feet, I exfoliate them at least once a week with Scholl Dry Skin Exfoliator which has been created to care for the unique characteristics of the skin on the foot.''' ,'''Dave Grohl is my favourite musician ever because I was a massive fan of Nirvana. I really admire him because he can play so many different instruments.''' ,'''If people stay in their own little bubbles, none of us will reach our full potential.''' ,'''I wouldn't want to be filmed in a bikini for 24 hours a day.''' ,'''We're very lucky that we have such on-trend high street shops in the U.K. as sometimes higher end designers aren't very practical for day-to-day wear.''' ,'''I love Halloween.''' ,'''My job in MTV was my first real presenting job and I had no real idea what I was doing, but you kind of learn just by doing.''' ,'''If a guy looks in the mirror more than I do it's a bad sign. I like scruffy, but not smelly.''' ,'''I could be 7ft tall and I'd still love longer legs.''' ,'''I always thought I wasn't cool enough in school, I was in the 'nerd' crew. I actually enjoyed studying.''' ,'''Health is not just a physical thing for me anymore - there is a huge mental side as well.''' ,'''Anyone who has ever compared one woman against another on Twitter, knocked someone because of their appearance, invaded someone else's privacy, who have made mean, unnecessary comments on an online forum - they need to look at themselves.''' ,'''I downloaded a Kylie Minogue album and it had all the classics like 'I Should Be So Lucky' and 'Locomotion.' I'm not even ashamed to say I love it, I'm proud.''' ,'''I'll wear one dress and someone will be, 'That's a gorgeous dress.' But my mother will be, like, 'What were you wearing? It looked like a chicken.'''' ,'''Everyone struggles with ups and downs and there is great therapy in knowing we all go through it.''' ,'''My mam worked for 41 years. She was a single working mother. I think I always had that mentality of you can do everything. You can have your kid. You can be a good mother. You can work. She was very independent.''' ,'''I've always wanted to learn the jive. It's fast, it's fun and it just looks awesome.''' ,'''I like a bargain. If I want to splash out, I can rent a luxury dress, especially if I'm only planning on wearing it once. I often realise that I don't like it as much as I thought I would and I'm glad I didn't buy it.''' ,'''The tango reminds me of movies.''' ,'''I've always thought of myself as a strong person. However, it's taken me a while to fully find my voice.''' ,'''I definitely want a family.''' ,'''I used to get bullied for being so small. I was really short until I was 16, then I grew a foot taller.''' ,'''I like knowing what's going on in the world - even if most of the time I feel helpless.''' ,'''Men can be feminists.''' ,'''I've been in a room with Britney Spears and she's lovely. I remember thinking, 'You're just this vulnerable girl who got a lot of fame very fast.'''' ,'''We don't have to eat the best food to survive: a basic diet will get us through. We wear clothes to stay warm and hide our modesty, they don't need to be the latest designer collection.''' ,'''You know what, being in my 30s is so much better than my 20s.''' ,'''I love my home comforts and I need to nest to feel grounded.''' ,'''If anyone says they haven't experienced sexism then I don't know what life they've lived. Males and females have, for different reasons, and I don't think it's a media thing.''' ,'''I have always been interested in believing in yourself.''' ,'''I don't think being healthy has to be complicated.''' ,'''My style idols are people like Kate Hudson, the Olsen twins and of course Sienna Miller and Kate Moss- even Bridget Bardot.''' ,'''When I hit the dance floor, I hit the dance floor pretty hard!''' ,'''We can be kind to others and kind to ourselves - and what anyone else decides to do is up to them. We can just be responsible to ourselves.''' ,'''It took me a year to talk about my miscarriage.''' ,'''The 'Love Island' villa in South Africa is one of the most incredible things I've ever seen.''' ,'''My top tip for looking your best is to dress for yourself, not for anyone else. Even working with a stylist, I wouldn't wear anything she told me to wear unless I was comfortable with it myself. That said, it's good to push yourself out of your style comfort zone every so often to make sure you try new things.''' ,'''I think if you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.''' ,'''My love life is not as interesting as people think it is.''' ,'''I have always loved dancing. I am always that crazy girl on the dance floor, dancing by herself.''' ,'''I remember after a year in London, I was at an MTV party and a friend saying to me that it was such a brave thing to do to come over to London by myself. I never thought it was a big deal. It was my dream. I am so independent. It is just ridiculous. I am too independent for my own good.''' ,'''Everyone reacts to things differently but just identifying in your own life, what works, seeing what doesn't, is as important for to you to talk about your own mental health.''' ,'''I'm jealous of the 'Love Island' girls. I wish I was that confident.''' ,'''As a TV presenter I've found it's important to always have great looking feet.''' ,'''When you're younger, all you want to do is fit in, and then the older you get, you don't want to fit in, you want to stand out.''' ,'''The salsa is all about hips, being confident and sexiness.''' ,'''When you talk about our good and bad mental health stuff, it makes you realise you're not the only one feeling that way. It's OK to talk; it doesn't mean you're crazy or abnormal in any way. In fact, it's the opposite.''' ,'''I love candles and creating a homely space.''' ,'''I'm not confident at all. You just pretend you are.''' ,'''I love flying the flag for Irish designers like Joanne Hynes, Simone Rocha, Natalie B Coleman, Lennon Courtney and Helen Steele.''' ,'''I love doing live TV.''' ,'''I bought a flat in Camden when I was 26, which I was extremely lucky to do. I think it's an Irish thing about owning land, giving you a bit of security.''' ,'''I didn't know what a boy was until I was about 18. I wasn't in the cool group at all. We weren't cool, but we weren't nerdy enough to be picked on. So we were just in our own little bubble.''' ,'''I'd never even gone on a date before moving to London.''' ,'''We can do things and not be the best. Maybe you were late to work but by god at least you got to work. You may not have the most productive day but well bloody done for getting out from under the duvet.''' ,'''The dishwasher is the best invention in the world, I didn't grow up with one so it's my prize possession in the kitchen!''' ,'''What I love about the U.K. is that there are no style boundaries, you can wear anything and you won't be judged, which is a fantastic attitude to have towards fashion.''' ,'''There's a lot of insecurities and I think that's being human. There's highs and lows and it's about navigating through that.''' ,'''Accessorising is the best way to make an outfit more unique.''' ,'''Baking is my favourite.''' ,'''Winning the MTV search and becoming the face of MTV News was so refreshing. I travelled the world, constantly meeting interesting people, and I quickly learned that this kind of news was more fun and made me feel less sad.''' ,'''When my feet look and feel great, I feel great.''' ,'''I moisturise my feet every day with Scholl Dry Skin Instant Recovery Cream, a non-greasy cream which leaves my feet feeling soft and supple instantly.''' ,'''It's really nice to see something come full circle.''' ,'''My essentials - besides my make-up artist - are high SPF and waterproof mascara.''' ,'''I don't like my bum, as it's too big. Or my nose because it's too small. It's like a child's nose.''' ,'''I have no time for fad diets.''' ,'''If you have any platform and a voice, I think it's important to use it.''' ,'''If you are the best you can be, you are doing your best.''' ,'''I've been very lucky that I've interviewed so many different people.''' ,'''I'd heard about people having miscarriages when they were trying for babies, but my situation was very different. What happens if you weren't trying for a baby?''' ,'''The 'Love Island' team are the best in the business.''' ,'''I love Caitlin Moran, because I feel like she's a friend, or a friend I want to have at least.''' ,'''I started listening to 'Serial' but remember being home alone and the electricity went - I don't think I've ever been more scared!''' ,'''You kind of wonder when you play a role, will people go 'Oh, is that part of you?'''' ,'''We're all human, and growing up you learn that the world isn't always kind.''' ,]
+++