+++
author = "Candice Glover"
title = "Candice Glover Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Candice Glover Quotes"
keywords = "candice glover,candice glover quotes,candice glover quote,candice glover sayings,candice glover saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Love is one of my favorite things to talk about. Every song will be about losing it or finding it, seeing a guy and not knowing if you want to tell him how you feel yet. I guess I'm a hopeless romantic.''' ,'''It's funny because ever since 'American Idol,' people look at me without makeup and think I'm 15 years old - they think I'm really young and quiet and shy, and that I've never been in a relationship and have never been in love or anything.''' ,'''I remember, when I was younger, it was such a big fantasy for me. Now that I actually have a career and have made an album, it's really surreal.''' ,'''In every interview, when they would ask me who should be a judge, I would always say Harry Connick, Jr., so I think I had something to do with him becoming a judge! He has a blunt, dry sense of humor. You never know if he's joking or not, and I think that's going to catch a lot of people by surprise.''' ,'''My main focus is to help people through music.''' ,'''I'm such a perfectionist.''' ,'''Before I won 'American Idol,' I'd never been in a professional studio at all. I'm getting more used to it. I'm really weird, though: I sing way better in a crowd of 3,000. It's easier than singing in front of 2.''' ,]
+++