+++
author = "Kristy Swanson"
title = "Kristy Swanson Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Kristy Swanson Quotes"
keywords = "kristy swanson,kristy swanson quotes,kristy swanson quote,kristy swanson sayings,kristy swanson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I won't date a guy who doesn't own a toolbox. I'm not saying you need to be able to knock down a wall or build a house or anything like that. But I've been out with a couple of guys who didn't own toolboxes, and they couldn't even change a light bulb.''' ,'''When people are reading a book, it's a personal thing. They're reading it; it's in their own mind; it's in their own personal space when they're reading it.''' ,'''I've always been this strong-willed person and I've always been in love with acting.''' ,'''My parents were like the kind of people who read the 'Enquirer' and believed everything it said.''' ,'''I would rather take the role and work and make my own money and self respect than to have sex with someone who has a lot of money.''' ,'''Going to school at home saved my life as far as education went. My parents were able to give me the attention I needed.''' ,'''After about a month of living on my own, I began to feel it. I bought some plants. I remember I named one of them Penelope, and I would talk to her and water her every day. Apparently, I over-watered her, and she died. That's when I knew I needed a roommate. So I got one.''' ,'''When I was around 9 years old, I was watching TV one day. I was looking at this commercial, with a kid in the bathtub playing with a rubber ducky or something, and I said, 'Where do those kids come from? How come they get to be on TV? I could do that stuff.'''' ,'''I love every aspect of show business and that includes both the show part of it and the business part of it.''' ,'''I can't ask for every movie I make to be great and brilliant. I can only try.''' ,'''I've been fortunate enough in my career that I haven't been typecast at all.''' ,'''I wasn't an overbearing child. But I was aggressive. I always managed to get what I wanted somehow.''' ,]
+++