+++
author = "Husnu Ozyegin"
title = "Husnu Ozyegin Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Husnu Ozyegin Quotes"
keywords = "husnu ozyegin,husnu ozyegin quotes,husnu ozyegin quote,husnu ozyegin sayings,husnu ozyegin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The most important problem that Turkey has is education.''' ,'''It's important to do see the results of your philanthropy while you are alive.''' ,'''I was not only a billionaire but the richest man in Turkey. It's a great feeling, but your responsibilities increase.''' ,'''The easiest way to get into northern Iraq is through Turkey.''' ,'''There are companies with management and companies with money. You can always find money. Management is the key to success in any business.''' ,'''Getting to the top is not so easy; staying there is more difficult.''' ,'''European and American banks are conservative in the sense that they don't come at their full strength to markets where we are; that leaves us an opportunity to be successful.''' ,'''I'm giving away 2 percent of my net income every month. I don't think Bill Gates is doing that.''' ,'''I tell foreign companies that come here... 'Don't see Turkey as a country of 770,000 sq km and $800bn gross domestic product. This country has the potential to do so much business in the surrounding countries.'''' ,'''As Turkish entrepreneurs perform well in Iraq, the Iraqis will have more confidence in Turkish contractors than in some European company they do not know.''' ,'''There are many businesses that are born and die. A university is supposed to live forever.''' ,'''Start small; get to know the landscape. We take risks but not major risks. We always started with small capital - €4m in Holland, $10m in Russia - and as we get to know the landscape of a country, we think about other businesses.''' ,'''I want to be remembered as the biggest philanthropist in Turkey.''' ,]
+++