+++
author = "Fawad Khan"
title = "Fawad Khan Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Fawad Khan Quotes"
keywords = "fawad khan,fawad khan quotes,fawad khan quote,fawad khan sayings,fawad khan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I get into something, I get into it for the pure joy of it.''' ,'''When I started doing television, I had no idea that people were watching it. But then things opened up for television in such a way that it's no more 'small' screen, as it is called.''' ,'''My father is pretty much a self-made man, and I am proud of that. He was born in Patiala and crossed the border from India to Pakistan when he was four.''' ,'''I self-taught myself music at 19-20.''' ,'''I am the kind of person who likes taking one step at a time and raising the bar with each film.''' ,'''TV needs to be the medium for progress, not degeneration. There needs to be more programming for children. Plays need to become more responsible.''' ,'''I don't like it when people remain glued to their phones while talking, so I have no apps on mine.''' ,'''I was part of a metal and rock band, and I performed in front of 3000 to 4000 people for many years. I was the loudest mouth up there on stage. We would be screaming, head-banging and mass venting. We would all vent our feelings together, which is ideal as compared to participating in political and social forums, and I never felt any restrictions.''' ,'''I was born in Karachi, where my father used to work in the sales department of a pharmaceutical company. The nature of his job required him to travel, so we moved to Athens, Dubai, Saudi Arabia, and Riyadh and then went to Manchester during the Gulf War, moving back to Lahore closer to my father's retirement.''' ,'''I'm an improvisational actor. I like to do my own thing. But once in a while, I think you should have the self-restraint to let someone else dictate the story.''' ,'''As any professional, you go where your work takes you.''' ,'''One must be prepared for some surprises in life - some things will work out your way, some won't. You just have to keep working and do things to the best of your ability.''' ,'''Television is a big platform for actors, and so many actors have made it to films from there. And for me, too, it has been a great transition from the small screen to the big screen.''' ,'''Men are naturally barbarians, and that will remain forever. The passion, the love, and the lust is intensifying with time.''' ,'''I've expanded my skill-set through a very limited number of projects and been very lucky with the outcomes most of the time.''' ,'''Fans are half of an artiste... without someone to appreciate him, an artiste is nothing.''' ,'''If I'm going to talk about something, I need to be educated about it, and I need to have seen all the perspectives.''' ,'''I'm a quiet person. It's only when I am cued to talk that I talk. Otherwise, I'm reserved and a bit of a recluse.''' ,'''Whatever appreciation I've got despite the limited work I have done has been great. People have been receptive, and I think it's a privilege to have earned this respect.''' ,'''Remember, the fit of your outfit can make or break your look. Ensure the fit is perfect, and you will be just fine.''' ,'''I wanted to do animation, so for lack of available career counselling, took up Bachelor's in Computer Science, but managed to get only C grades.''' ,'''It's a great feeling to be admired... what can I say? It's a warm, gooey feeling.''' ,'''I think there comes a time when you start dropping expectations. Because the world doesn't owe you anything, and you don't owe the world anything in return. Things, feelings, are a very simple transaction. If you get it, be grateful. If you don't, be alright with it.''' ,'''I am diabetic. So diet control is a pre-given for me.''' ,'''There is no comparison between the life of a rock star and an actor. If I could now, I would be a rock star within a blink of an eye. So as far as music is concerned, yeah, I might just go back to it, but don't want to be unfair to it. It requires its proper time and space.''' ,'''I like to discuss my condition publicly because if I, with this disability, am able to fulfill some of my ambitions, so can other diabetics.''' ,'''Obviously, I'm not a man of steel in that people's words don't affect me. They might hurt me. But I am becoming immune to it as time goes by.''' ,'''I have done films only because my roles were good in them. It has got nothing to do with being associated with any particular camp.''' ,'''I've been penniless. I've had to struggle a bit. But now I enjoy thinking about that because it just makes me feel better about my achievements.''' ,'''I've been watching the 'Richard Pryor Show' for NBC made during the '70s. I'm a big fan of his work.''' ,'''If one wants to take a stand on something, one must be very educated about it.''' ,'''Almost every story has a romantic angle to it.''' ,'''I proudly represent Pakistan in India, and I hope that many more actors from there come and work here.''' ,'''I have been in love with my wife since I was 17. She has always been my strongest support. Even when I didn't have this fame, she was there.''' ,'''With social media, I think it becomes a little more intrusive. People have more access to you. It's obviously very flattering, all the love and affection that you get, and then there's also the downside of it: sometimes things don't go your way.''' ,'''My way of deciding whether a film is worth doing is if you can get through it all in the first read.''' ,'''I may have played romantic roles, but each character has been different, with his own personality.''' ,'''Bollywood was never on my to-do list. It just happened.''' ,'''I have the gift of the gab, can talk and perform, but so can others. I can only attribute it to the fact that somebody up there likes me: it's remote-controlled by God.''' ,'''There is so much to learn that I find the entire debate that Pakistani actors shouldn't work elsewhere senseless. By working in other countries, we're able to move out of our comfort zones, learn more, and bring that back to our own industry.''' ,'''I am always scared when I start something new. That hasn't changed.''' ,'''I'd rather speak less because I don't consider myself a very intelligent person.''' ,'''In Bollywood, they've got their systems in place. It's a monster machine that's churning out, like, 400 films a year, consistently. They're able to efficiently process things.''' ,'''I can't even begin to describe what kind of a response 'Humsafar' got. Personally, I feel my other show, 'Zindagi Gulzar Hai,' was better, but it didn't match the success of 'Humsafar.'''' ,'''Whenever you move to a new atmosphere, the first few days are difficult. But I always felt that an actor needs to move out of his comfort zone and experience different working environments. And that's why I was looking at moving out of my own comfort zones and work with different kinds of people. It helps you grow as an actor.''' ,'''I have developed my own brand of acting, and fortunately, people like it.''' ,'''I have always been the black sheep of the family. I am the middle child, with an older and a younger sister.''' ,'''Wherever the wind blows me, I'll go! My eventual goal is to have enough experience to produce something on my own.''' ,'''I was an angry young man, a rebel without a cause, and I channeled my emotions into my music.''' ,'''Being a part of the Bollywood industry gives you to the kind of exposure that's unimaginable. You also tap into this experience of technical expertise that this industry has been carrying along for several years. I didn't take part in the industry with an agenda in mind. If it happens, great.''' ,'''Playing interesting characters makes me feel alive.''' ,'''From the time I've landed in India and wherever I've travelled, I've only experienced politeness and courtesy. There has been no hatred whatsoever. But I strongly feel every country has its formalities and rules that one has to abide by. I believe in respecting that, as it is in the best interests of everyone.''' ,''''Khoobsurat' was an eye-opener in many ways. Cinema is a colossal money-churning business in India, and working in that environment offered me quite an incredible learning experience.''' ,'''I don't think anyone gets bored of being called good-looking. We are all vain in one way or another.''' ,'''The time I'm truly happy is when I'm playing with my son. We just mentally connect. There's nothing more fulfilling than playtime with him.''' ,''''Khoobsurat' introduced me to this huge, amazing audience so close to my home. In a lot of ways, it has changed my life, but the game keeps changing.''' ,'''As a musician, I have sung, composed, and played instruments, and a lesser-known fact is that I have composed 20-30 ad jingles as well.''' ,'''I've adopted a diet that minimises high glycemic index carbs, coupled with lean protein sources and a mix of vegetables.''' ,'''I do give interviews, but I am generally media-shy because I am an introvert by nature.''' ,'''My character has to be alive. It can't be a mere prop, and it has to have a life of its own. I need to have that space to play around and the scope to interact with the people around me. That freedom would give me a lot of margin to improvise with.''' ,'''I always consider myself as good as my last film. I tend to analyse my work very critically.''' ,'''The pressure is always there to do my best. I feel happy that I have an audience that looks forward to my next project. I have to make sure that I deliver.''' ,'''During college, I didn't really have an interest in what I was studying. It was during college that I first stumbled into forming an underground band where I was the lead vocalist. I had always had an ear for music, but nothing more than that. And that good ear of mine led me to learn and play a lot of instruments while in college.''' ,'''The film's content is the king.''' ,'''I don't think a multi-starrer or a solo film has anything to do with your choice of films. That is a bit of a primitive concept, really. Yes, you might want to keep a healthy balance, but that has more to do with the kind of roles you are playing.''' ,'''My wife is not insecure at all. She is one of the most sensible persons I know.''' ,'''The motto of my life is, 'The best advice is no advice at all.'''' ,'''Comfort and simplicity are two keys that I follow when it comes to fashion.''' ,'''I was 17 when I first acted on stage. I was a part of an Urdu adaptation of 'Spartacus' in the titular role.''' ,'''I've grown up watching cinema from around the world, and there are films that have scenes that are far steamier than what we are required to do on screen.''' ,'''I think I've managed to Forrest Gump my way though life.''' ,'''A lot of men tend to mix a couple of fragrances and smell like a flower garden. Avoid!''' ,'''I believe you can do a lot even if you have a 15-minute part in a project.''' ,'''I am the worst strategist ever.''' ,'''Television has the power to push for change. We need to push it in that direction.''' ,'''My kids are the light of my life.''' ,'''I'm married to the only woman I've loved, and I'm happy.''' ,'''Old-world romance underlines my relationships, even with my son and the dog.''' ,'''There's a strong bond I feel with my wife. It's not that I haven't come across other attractive people in my life, but no one else was willing to put up with me.''' ,'''I think I lost too much weight during 'Khubsoorat.'''' ,'''I choose films preferably based on content, and then I see the kind of team I have to work with.''' ,'''I feel - and this goes back to social media and freedom of speech - when you're on a public platform, and you put something out there in front of people who don't know you, they might just perceive it in a very different way altogether.''' ,'''I wish to direct someday.''' ,'''I was diagnosed with diabetes mellitus Type 1.''' ,'''After I was cast in the acclaimed film 'Khuda Ke Liye,' I thought it would open up film avenues for me in Pakistan and, maybe, even internationally. When that didn't happen, I decided to use TV as a means of polishing my craft.''' ,'''I observe a lot, and I try to pick out what looks good on me. I like to keep it basic and simple. Never too flashy. Remember, whatever suits you is the best, and it doesn't necessarily have to be the trend or the rave of the season.''' ,'''Growing up, I loved films like 'A Streetcar Named Desire' and 'On the Waterfront' and became a huge fan of Marlon Brando.''' ,'''I read the 'Kapoor & Sons' script in a half hour, forty five minutes. Not because I skimming through it... I read it like a book. By the end, I was blown away. I picked up the phone and said, 'This script is gold.'''' ,'''I like playing characters in the real world.''' ,'''You learn a lot about people when you live together.''' ,'''If there is place for music that I do in Bollywood, then I would surely like to sing a song in a Hindi film.''' ,'''I am not finicky at all regarding my appearance.''' ,'''It's always a surprise to me when someone comes up to me and appreciates my work. I have a very limited body of work, so I feel very lucky to have gathered such an audience. I'm very thankful to them. I'm extremely grateful to them for showing such love.''' ,'''I stumbled into acting because a friend persuaded me to leave my 9 to 5 job and get into acting.''' ,'''Being trendy is alright, but clubbing all the trends in one look is a complete no.''' ,'''Everyone has different interests, but instead of constructive learning, people generally tend to lean towards the negative... and I think social media has somehow given fuel to this kind of thinking.''' ,'''I am an immature person, and I am very lazy, too.''' ,'''I am genuinely happy that other actors are entering the industry and gaining popularity. There are enough opportunities in the business for everybody.''' ,'''I want to play around with my looks. It's very boring to appear the same in all your films. Then people are looking not at the character but at the actor.''' ,'''As an individual, I've learnt a lot about life - some things that proved to be helpful and some things I wish I never knew.''' ,]
+++