+++
author = "Selah Louise Marley"
title = "Selah Louise Marley Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Selah Louise Marley Quotes"
keywords = "selah louise marley,selah louise marley quotes,selah louise marley quote,selah louise marley sayings,selah louise marley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a super deep passion for music, but no one would ever know that because it's not something I show to the public. But when I do do something music-related, it's very deep.''' ,'''Sometimes I think about, 'What if I'm not the person everyone idealizes me to be? Maybe I'm just a regular old Joe. What if I can't live up to all these expectations? Maybe I'm just not who they think I am or who they want me to be.''' ,'''High school was interesting because I'm an extroverted introvert, meaning I'm sociably anti-social. I spent a lot of time saying I hated it, but truthfully, I enjoyed it for what it is.''' ,'''I was aware of the pressure of my mom and not just my mom but my entire family. I was very aware of that reality, so it was almost this inferiority complex.''' ,'''I like owning my own narrative. It depends: I either give it all up, or I don't have any control. It's really hard to go halfway. Like with modeling, for example, I kind of give up all creative control, and that's just that. But when it comes to my own personal art, I'm very O.C.D. I see something a very certain way.''' ,'''My style is always different. Sometimes it's preppy, sometimes it's chic.''' ,'''Alexander Wang has been one of my favorite designers since I was younger.''' ,'''My favorite subjects were astronomy, sociology, and gender studies. And I always loved math class; I have a thing for numbers. I played soccer freshman year and then realized I hate sweating, but looking back, I definitely should have kept up with sports.''' ,'''I truly found myself beautiful and thought that I had the potential to model, so I always would do little poses in the mirror and things, but I never expected it to come to this.''' ,'''My plan is to give myself the space and a platform to freely express my creativity.''' ,'''People look at me, for example, and think I have this perfect lavish life, that it's lit all the time, when that's not true at all.''' ,'''Music is my ultimate passion in life.''' ,'''I love looking at pictures of nebulas and reading articles about black holes and dark matter - I always tie it into spirituality.''' ,'''Singing is my favorite thing to do. One day, I hope to get signed to a record label.''' ,'''You know those Instagram pages that post dope vintage runway looks? I always look at those.''' ,'''My music is super vulnerable, raw, and intimate.''' ,'''Honestly, I need some type of tight piece of clothing in my closet. As weird as that sounds, I love to wear sweatpants and cargos, baggy clothes, so much.''' ,'''My mother's music speaks to me as an oracle.''' ,'''One day I was like, 'Mom, you wanna sign me at Sony?'''' ,'''I like Solange, old pictures of Naomi Campbell, Grace Jones. I love Rihanna.''' ,'''I feel like modeling can be a little surface.''' ,'''Working with Kanye is really exciting and inspiring 'cause you get to see how he brings the fashion to life.''' ,'''I was in a hotel with my dad, and I was just joking around and said, 'Oh yeah, Daddy, I want to model.' I don't know - the camera is just fun.''' ,'''I just want to show people that the best thing you could ever do for yourself is be yourself.''' ,'''I'm learning to stop being scared.''' ,'''Those who love so hard, we question if our passion can ever truly be reciprocated.''' ,'''I got handed all of these amazing opportunities, especially travel opportunities.''' ,'''I like to get in tune with my self and really give myself the time to just be.''' ,'''I do piano, violin, guitar, basketball, gymnastics, ballet.''' ,'''There are some things that are sacred and should be kept close.''' ,'''The first song I ever performed in front of an audience was 'Make It Shine' by Victoria Justice.''' ,'''I'm very empathetic, and it allows me to almost know what people are thinking and how they truly feel. The only problem is, I internalize their emotions.''' ,'''I've literally been all around the world in 80 days!''' ,'''People tell me I have to follow in the footsteps of my mom and grandfather, but it's a lot of pressure. I can't really slip up and mess up the name.''' ,'''I spend so much time running around and traveling, being present in the current moment is good enough for me.''' ,'''Interestingly, when it comes to fashion, I like the styling part more than I like the actual fashion.''' ,'''I really am a full-blown Scorpio. Whenever I look things up about my sign, it's like, Check, check, check: thoughtful, detailed, moody, stubborn, prideful, emotional.''' ,'''Sometimes it's hard for me to express my emotions on a conscious level, to directly say my emotions.''' ,'''My greatest influence has and always will be my mother. I admire her strength, fearlessness, and optimism.''' ,'''I'm very inspired by outer space.''' ,'''I think Beyonce working to really empower and show the grace and beauty and intelligence in young black women is really beautiful.''' ,'''I think, a lot of times, the image that black women have in the media is quite negative.''' ,'''My mother is a phenomenal woman, but when I was younger, I had this fear that I wouldn't be recognized for who I am.''' ,'''I think that opening up on Twitter helps people see that there are things that I deal with that they can relate to. Maybe it's not exactly the same as having a famous mom, but maybe their dad puts pressure on them to be a doctor, and they don't want to be a doctor.''' ,]
+++