+++
author = "Ester Dean"
title = "Ester Dean Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Ester Dean Quotes"
keywords = "ester dean,ester dean quotes,ester dean quote,ester dean sayings,ester dean saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I write by myself and then deliver the song. Everybody knows, 'Leave Ester alone when she's in her zone.' Give me a studio and the tracks, and I'll call you when the doctor is done.''' ,'''I'm not looking to be an artist to make money. I'm looking to be an artist.''' ,'''I'm universal. As much as I can get out a 'Firework' with Katy, I can get a 'Lil Freak' out with Usher. Or a 'Lay It Down' with Lloyd. I can get Caribbean as I did on 'Rio,' then go from there to working with No Doubt.''' ,'''I've walked on hot coals with Tony Robbins.''' ,'''If I'm out of town and I'm in a situation where I have to be creative, it has to be hot dogs because that's my comfort food.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a psychiatrist.''' ,'''People keep putting limitations on themselves and creating this reality that soul music is dead. That's only in their reality. It's not true. To me, Adele is R&B. Bruno Mars is R&B. It's just good songwriting and songs. That is going to last.''' ,'''I'm a very emotional writer. I always need to have a boyfriend. I always need to have some food. I always need to have a heater at my feet, and I drink this thing called Cool Brew, which I found in Louisiana. It's like condensed coffee.''' ,'''My dream is to star in an animated movie and to have a toy made after me.''' ,'''I always tell people I write songs, but I'm a writer. It's a difference. I can write songs to music, but I can write a story. I can see ideas spark in me.''' ,'''I will make up a crush, you hear me?! I will look at a guy and say, for two months at least, 'I think you're cute.' And then I can be psycho. I will go in my head and make a whole life with him, he don't even understand why I'm mad at him. I'm like... 'cause you came in late last night!' And he's like, 'I don't even know you.'''' ,'''I'm a songwriter who just wants to bring people great songs.''' ,'''It's so funny because if you tweet your lyrics and then you hear it in a song next week, you're like, 'Hey I had that same idea.' I'm very secretive with my music. We have to send emails password protected. Because once that song gets out, you aren't selling that thing.''' ,'''I had so many beliefs against being a singer or what it takes. There was a lot of pain associated with that. The rejection of it all. I lived in a rejection state of mind. Not because of my voice; the mike never rejected me. It was harboring all those bad memories of being broke. It teaches you your worth. Nothing good comes from that.''' ,'''I see what other people do and what songwriters don't. They don't get out and take care of themselves. Producers turn themselves into a massive brand. Songwriters tend to be under someone else's umbrella. If you're building your own legacy, it can't be under an umbrella.''' ,'''I normally work like a vampire. Around 8 to 9 P.M., what I call 'the spirits' actually show up, and then I just go in the booth and scream on top of a track. I only sing on the mic. I don't sit down and write anything.''' ,'''I'm the only girl songwriter that fights for a lot of things. I fight for songwriting fees, which record labels want you to shut up about.''' ,'''There are lots of people way more talented than me - but I work more, and I wanted it more. I never waited on anyone else.''' ,'''My nickname is Esta Bell.''' ,'''I'm more than a songwriter. I'm a creative person. Some people you just always see. I won't allow you to see me unless it makes sense. There's a reason to see me.''' ,'''I just write songs from the heart, and you never know who'll like the songs. I try to make sure that I don't allow anybody's expectation to weigh on me. I have my own expectation of life. I believe in letting people be free.''' ,'''I'm limitless, spontaneous and fearless. I can take direction and also give it. And I don't dwell on celebrity.''' ,]
+++