+++
author = "Fabio Lanzoni"
title = "Fabio Lanzoni Quotes"
quotes_len = "89"
description = "the best 89 Fabio Lanzoni Quotes"
keywords = "fabio lanzoni,fabio lanzoni quotes,fabio lanzoni quote,fabio lanzoni sayings,fabio lanzoni saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I see myself as a very fortunate human being.''' ,'''I was like, 'I would like to see everybody dress beautifully.'''' ,'''Woman is very much more in contact with their feeling than a man. As a matter of fact, woman always teach to men how to love.''' ,'''God gave you a mind, a spirit, and a body, and you should take care of all three.''' ,'''Since I was a little kid, everybody was paying so much attention to what I looked like, not what I was feeling. You start feeling tired. It's like eating soup every day. You eat the same soup, and you get bored, so I developed my inner self.''' ,'''Life is a long marathon, and you have to be consistent. Anyone can sprint for 1500 meters, but you have pace yourself through your entire life.''' ,'''It's very hard for people that live in the small towns to be able to buy a certain kind of clothes because they're not available to them, you know. They only see them in beautiful magazines.''' ,'''The kind of roles that Harrison Ford plays are what really interest me, like 'Indiana Jones' and 'Raiders of the Lost Ark.'''' ,'''Your mind is very powerful, and your soul knows what's best for you. So the more in contact you are with your soul, the more you know your path.''' ,'''I don't know what people expect me to be like, but I'm very down-to-earth and not at all full of myself.''' ,'''Donald Trump speaks his mind. If you like it or you don't like it, at least you know where he stands.''' ,'''When you know you're vulnerable, and you know... your strength and your weakness, you can see life with better perspective.''' ,'''Life is like a Lamborghini. A Lamborghini has an engine, a body, and wheels. No matter how strong your engine is, if you don't have any wheels, you're not going anywhere.''' ,'''I'm a people person.''' ,'''Ferraris always have problems. You can't drive them every day.''' ,'''I grew up in Milan during the golden age of designers. There was fashion all around.''' ,'''People come to Los Angeles and sell their soul every day. It's sad.''' ,'''Miracles exist - you just have to believe it.''' ,'''When you believe in something, it's easy to promote.''' ,'''Kim Kardashian is trash.''' ,'''To me, the biggest attraction is a woman's charisma, her soul, her inner strength.''' ,'''When you're happy with yourself, you have to find another person who is happy with herself so you can share your happiness.''' ,'''This world is always fed up with politicians.''' ,'''There's not enough money in this world to make me do something degrading.''' ,'''As a kid, I was never into sweets, and I never really drank.''' ,'''I always tell people, 'I have more respect for somebody with no money and class than somebody who is trash and makes $1 billion.'''' ,'''If you want to come to this country, the American people are the greatest people on earth and will welcome you with open arms.''' ,'''There's nothing greener than Washington state. They have the most beautiful vegetation on the planet. And the water is so clean.''' ,'''I don't see myself as a hunk of meat.''' ,'''I want to bring more lawv and romance into the society.''' ,'''I want to be two thousand percent sure before I get married. It should last forever.''' ,'''One time, I took a woman on a deserted island, and we lived like Mother Nature for 10 days.''' ,'''People tend to complicate things in life.''' ,'''People don't trust anyone.''' ,'''All the Kardashians care about is the media, money, and being on camera.''' ,'''I like to make other people feel good, and if receiving my autograph brings them a little bit of pleasure, then I'm so glad to do it.''' ,'''I'm trying to tell men, 'Really show yourself. Do not be macho, because the biggest turnoff for a woman is a macho guy because women, they're very sensitive. They know you're macho because you're insecure.'''' ,'''I'm a person, and like any person, I have feelings.''' ,'''Lamborghini outperforms Ferrari, every time.''' ,'''As men, we have the illusion that we run the world.''' ,'''I believe, in life, you always get a second chance.''' ,'''I think the best thing is to keep your life simple.''' ,'''California's a mess.''' ,'''Your body should be treated like a Lamborghini.''' ,'''When I was twelve, I fell in love with Candice Bergen.''' ,'''A lot of people, they think, 'Oh, I'm only going to be happy when I find a special person who is going to make me happy.' No. In life, you have to be happy with yourself first, number one.''' ,'''I cannot stand ditsy women.''' ,'''I have all the things I can desire in life, but if I don't have love from people, and if I don't be able to give love to people and receive love, I will not be happy, even with all my success and all the money I make.''' ,'''I'd be the biggest hypocrite if I said I really worked very hard for my career, because it was given to me on a silver platter. I can't take any credit.''' ,'''I speak four languages and read a great deal, so I do as much working out on the brain as I do on the body.''' ,'''Always invest your money in the best food out there, and it's going to pay off in the long run.''' ,'''It's all about the whey protein and multi-mineral complexes I consume - it's good for my hair, and it's good for my skin.''' ,'''The United States is the greatest country on Earth.''' ,'''Money, power, is beautiful if you take just as fun. OK? If you don't get attached.''' ,'''Laws are to be respected.''' ,'''I'm a deep person. I'm not a superficial person at all.''' ,'''I love people.''' ,'''If you are good to people, good will come back to you. The universe is run by this law.''' ,'''People don't live a good life when they take themselves too seriously, because they're always concerned about what everybody else thinks.''' ,'''True love is forever.''' ,'''To me, people are people. If a woman has a beautiful soul, and she's a celebrity, that's great. But she can be a secretary or a person working at Kmart. I don't care.''' ,'''You can't take yourself too seriously. You have to be secure and make fun of yourself.''' ,'''That's a great way to work out when on the road, and it's fun. I love to lift women up.''' ,'''The way I see life, there is only one God, and all the rest are human.''' ,'''Everybody comes here because of the American Dream.''' ,'''My parents always used to complain about my eating habits. I was different. I was wrong. Everything had to be plain or boiled. I was 14 before I ate pasta with tomato sauce. My dad would take me to the best restaurants, and all I would eat was rice with olive oil.''' ,'''When I'm cruising around on my bike, I feel completely free, but I share my possessions. My friends can always borrow my motorcycles. Even if they end up crashing them, it's OK with me.''' ,'''As people, we have to take the law's side. We have to stand behind the police, not behind the criminal.''' ,'''I like a girl with old-fashioned values - and they are very hard to find, particularly in L.A.''' ,'''The highest-quality protein in nature is whey.''' ,'''I'm very spiritual.''' ,'''Some women, they expect me to be complicated. Instead, I'm very simple.''' ,'''They don't call it the Italian Dream or the English Dream. In America, there is the American Dream. It was the first place to give people of any social background their dream. You can achieve anything.''' ,'''Life is so fragile; you have to treasure it.''' ,'''If you want to have a balance in life, you have to have the balance of the three elements: mind, bod,y and soul. So when you reach that balance, you feel good about yourself.''' ,'''I've been all over the world.''' ,'''When you feel good about yourself, it doesn't matter what you're wearing. You are at home.''' ,'''I think health is the most important thing.''' ,'''I always have a love for clothes.''' ,'''There are few things I've never done in my life.''' ,'''I don't take myself seriously, because there is so much more to life than just being good looking.''' ,'''Life is short, and you have to have fun with it, you know?''' ,'''You don't become a real man until you're 35 or 40.''' ,'''I try to limit myself to one hour of sun each day.''' ,'''I love sports. I love motorcycles. Just like most guys.''' ,'''Since I lost my sister, I decided to enjoy my life, no matter what.''' ,'''A lot of people are obsessed with their possessions, but that's not right. It's OK to own a lot of things as long as you're willing to share them.''' ,'''To me, the future of TV and movies is going to be 3-D animation.''' ,'''You have to be a low-class scumbag to start calling a woman a name. If you're a man, you should never. You should be a gentleman.''' ,]
+++