+++
author = "Ellie Simmonds"
title = "Ellie Simmonds Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Ellie Simmonds Quotes"
keywords = "ellie simmonds,ellie simmonds quotes,ellie simmonds quote,ellie simmonds sayings,ellie simmonds saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can't do the whole going-out-all-night thing. I can't even stay up until 10 P. M., I just fall asleep. My friends know that we have to meet at an earlier time.''' ,'''Coming into London having the experience of Beijing is really good.''' ,'''I didn't really come on the scene nationally until 2008.''' ,'''People expect you to get golds and it puts so much more pressure on you and if you don't it's like you have let yourself down. It is nerve-racking.''' ,'''Yes, my body is not a machine and I do get those moments when I think 'Why am I doing this?' I think it's common among athletes and I'm sure people do experience it at work as well.''' ,'''In Beijing the emotion built and built. I was at a Paralympics and I was so nervous. When I achieved my goal all that emotion came out.''' ,'''I'm a Scouts ambassador and I help out with dwarf sports.''' ,'''As an older woman now, I feel the pressure more, I feel all those different aspects, I'm more aware of that. Whereas as a 13-year-old, as a 17-year-old, you just do swimming, you're just doing it as sport where you don't really think of all the outside bits.''' ,'''I'm a big, big fan of cheesecake, so I love baking that.''' ,'''I was really keen on horse-riding, too, but I knew I had to give it up to give more time to swimming.''' ,'''The highlight of my career was London 2012.''' ,'''Monday to Fridays I'm practically an athlete every hour of the day.''' ,'''When I was on the podium singing the national anthem, and the crowd were all singing it, it was definitely... It was a moment to remember, and I'm going to remember it for the rest of my life.''' ,'''Sunday is my day of rest, which usually includes a lie-in, a pyjama day or just being with my family.''' ,'''I think it's really important to show people that there's nothing different about us; especially as athletes - we train as hard as the Olympians.''' ,'''For me I normally rise up to a Paralympics, I love those pressured environments.''' ,'''I like Drake, I like Rihanna, I like Beyonce, I like Mumford and Sons, and Coldplay.''' ,'''When I bake, I give it to people because when I'm full-time training, I have to really watch what I eat.''' ,'''I would have loved to sneak off and watch some of the horse events at the Paralympics and I know Lee Pearson, who's the Olympic gold medallist in para-equestrianism, but because I was competing in the pool I had to watch it on TV.''' ,'''I was 8 when I started swimming training, but it wasn't until I was 10 when it became more serious so over the next few years I slowly developed a better understanding of my diet.''' ,'''I don't wear jewellery and I don't care about shoes and dresses. But I love my handbags. They're my real luxury.''' ,'''You only live once and you need to enjoy life, to go out and achieve whatever you want to.''' ,'''Being at home gives me such a big buzz and just makes me want to perform.''' ,'''To be honest, I've not really felt like a flagbearer for women's sport.''' ,'''Sport is a great thing to get involved with, it's not just fitness but it also gets your competitive side out.''' ,'''As a swimmer I know how important it is to be fit, healthy and eat well.''' ,'''Having all that experience, and that success as well, at a Paralympics was just amazing but I don't really remember much from Beijing, it was quite a blur.''' ,'''We had a trampoline in the garden that I used to play on lots which was great exercise.''' ,'''I think what I'm most proud of about myself away from the pool, is being OK on my own.''' ,'''People come up to me and say, 'You're that swimmer.'''' ,'''In China they don't mind getting their cameras out, but I try to go with the flow. In countries where there is not so much disability visible on the streets, they want to know who you are and what you are doing.''' ,'''When I was in Beijing, London, and also in Rio I was still a kid really, I didn't feel pressure.''' ,'''I've always been competitive and determined. It's part of my personality.''' ,'''Our parents were very generous, and they always encouraged us to find something we enjoyed and really get into it.''' ,'''I'm studying psychology at Loughborough and there are so many sportspeople here - you actually see top athletes walking around - but people see them all the time, so there's no special treatment.''' ,'''I've swum with dolphins in Mozambique and with bull sharks off Mexico. They didn't tell me how dangerous the sharks were until after I got out.''' ,'''My school have been so supportive in the balance between my sport and my studying, ever since I won the two golds in Beijing.''' ,'''I have grown up in a positive household.''' ,'''I lived in Swansea Marina and was a minute's walk from the beach. I used to love going to Mumbles and visiting Gower with its fantastic beaches like Langland, Oxwich and Caswell.''' ,'''It can feel a bit surreal. Sometimes you're talking to famous people and you think, 'Oh gosh, I'm talking to Lewis Hamilton.'''' ,'''I love the ocean and I'm passionate about conservation and the environment.''' ,'''Swimming outside the pool is scary. I don't like not knowing what's underneath me - it's quite dark in lakes. I swam in the sea in Australia around the Great Barrier Reef, though, and that was incredible because you could see exactly what was underneath you.''' ,'''It's important to give kids a variety of sports. Everyone is an individual, everyone is different but there is a sport out there for everyone.''' ,'''Tuna pasta bake is one of my favourites, its quick and easy to make when I'm busy training.''' ,'''I recently met Michael Phelps. He is my absolute idol. I was totally starstruck. I did manage to get a few words out.''' ,'''If you've got a disabilty you're normal, it's just something that's different.''' ,'''Growing up, I was aware of being a dwarf but I felt I could do anything.''' ,'''I want to go to the Paralympics in Tokyo in 2020 so that's my aim in sport, but what do I want to do after I retire? Do I want to do a normal job? I would like to become a primary school teacher but... it will be totally different.''' ,'''Saturday is usually my social day to go out with my friends for food or shopping.''' ,'''I learnt to swim at the age of four or five. My parents took me to a club where you go from learning to swim to competing.''' ,'''I love 'Come Dine With Me.'''' ,'''My mum took me to swimming lessons when I was very young, four years old.''' ,'''I've achieved my dream of getting a Paralympic gold medal and I'm very lucky that I've been to three Games where I've come away with five gold medals.''' ,'''My philosophy is that there is no point in being sad or hating who you are.''' ,'''I'm very competitive.''' ,'''After watching the Athens Paralympics in 2004, I looked at the swimmers and thought, that's cool. I want to do that.''' ,'''I've got to go out there and do a job and focus on swimming and do my own thing, and I think us athletes can go out there and perform no matter what... This is what we train to do.''' ,'''I'm the baby of the family and love it.''' ,'''I feel really honoured to be in the Walk of Fame in Birmingham with so many great people already like Ozzy Osbourne.''' ,'''My plan of going to Tokyo has gone out of the window, but I was able to spend three to four months with my family and I've never been able to do that before.''' ,'''Everyone saw me cry with happiness after I won the Beijing medals. It's really embarrassing.''' ,'''I don't watch my Rio races back. I'll look at my London 2012 races a lot. But not Rio.''' ,'''Going into Beijing I was like 'what's a Paralympics?'''' ,'''Four Games is incredible. Especially as an nine-year-old watching Athens 2004. To think as a kid then I would not just go to one Games but four.''' ,'''I spoke to my parents and my agent a year before Rio. I was like: 'I don't want to do this. I want to get away.' They said: 'Just grit your teeth for a year. Then you can have your break. And if you want to retire, you can retire then.' I was in tears. I just hated it.''' ,'''You're never going to lose your sport. It's like riding a bike to be honest.''' ,'''Watching Nyree Lewis get her medal in the 100 backstroke inspired me to want to go to a Paralympics and it just went on from there.''' ,'''I've thought about doing sports psychology at university, but it's quite hard.''' ,'''In Beijing when the Chinese athletes had a massive roar that gave me a buzz pretending they were shouting for me.''' ,'''I'm quite shy at school.''' ,'''It's really exciting to get the Paralympic sport out there and inspire the next generation - I remember watching the Athens 2004 Paralympic Games that inspired me to want to got to a Paralympic Games.''' ,'''I grew up swimming. Our first house in Aldridge, in the West Midlands, had a pool at the bottom of the garden.''' ,'''I'm lucky I've been able to take control, as an older athlete, and pick who I work with.''' ,'''It's nice to hope to inspire people out there who maybe have a little less motivation or who are low in confidence or self-belief to go out there and achieve.''' ,'''I think there are definitely times when I feel the expectations on my shoulders and I think it's because even before I race people expect me to get a gold medal and it's not the case.''' ,'''I feel I cope with pressure quite well.''' ,'''I didn't enjoy Rio. My team-mates were great but some of the staff made it a really negative place.''' ,'''I don't see it as a disability. I'm just a normal person, but a bit smaller than everyone else.''' ,'''I hated Rio and I hated everything about it.''' ,'''I made my first World Championships team at 12.''' ,'''I have a coach, a physio and a psychologist.''' ,'''I'm OK travelling, meeting people, seeing the world with my own eyes.''' ,'''It drives me forward knowing people are watching me and I have to swim well.''' ,'''Swimming is only half of your life, so you have to think about what you're going to do afterwards.''' ,'''I think people shouldn't think 'I'm not normal, I've got a disability.' Overcome that, go out there and enjoy your life and achieve something.''' ,'''Sometimes I'll get reminded that I promote Paralympic sport and Paralympics GB. Yes, I have a role but I don't feel like an idol.''' ,'''It's hard to stay at the top. There's a cheesy saying isn't there: it's easy to get to the top but once you're there it's harder to stay there, and I'm fully aware of that.''' ,'''A lot of the time, when I swim, I close my eyes because it is definitely lonely.''' ,'''I love who I am and I am glad that I have dwarfism because I think my body is strong and beautiful.''' ,'''I'm just going into London to enjoy it as much as I can. Enjoy the experience and just swim the best that I can on the day.''' ,'''Growing up, most of our family holidays were staycations in the U.K.''' ,'''I jumped into my parents loft where I was actually able to go through all my cards, all the newspaper cuttings that my family collected, and it made me realise just how big London 2012 was - it was huge! That was a Games that I will never, ever forget and it was definitely my highlight.''' ,'''The whole nation thinks I should be winning, winning, winning all the time and that's a lot to take on my shoulders.''' ,'''I love the 400m.''' ,'''I didn't just swim when I was younger. I did ballet, horse riding, everything. I was very active.''' ,'''I've always been focused.''' ,'''I wear adult sizes but chop off the arms and legs.''' ,'''On a typical Monday I swim from six until 8am. I go from there to the gym and do a session from nine until half 10. I get home about 11ish. Take a nap and have lunch. Swim from half three to half five. I get home at half six. Have dinner.''' ,'''I don't want to be stuck up. I'm just a normal person. My friends think of me as a normal friend, and I like that.''' ,]
+++