+++
author = "Randy Moss"
title = "Randy Moss Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Randy Moss Quotes"
keywords = "randy moss,randy moss quotes,randy moss quote,randy moss sayings,randy moss saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can't really have any friends. It's sad, really. It's lonely. But that's how I am.''' ,'''I am a little older and understand the nature of the business - the older you get the more your skills supposedly diminish, but I think I am getting wiser in how to use my physical skills. That's the frustrating part when you put so much heart and desire into things and feel like you are not wanted.''' ,'''I try to have fun with the fans, try to have fun.''' ,'''Do your job; be the best at whatever your job description is.''' ,'''I always forgive, but I never forget.''' ,'''I had to get some things right in my personal life. And once I got my family on the same page, to understand who I am and what I do for a living, I asked my oldest daughter, 'What do you think about Daddy coming back?' And she said, 'I didn't think you were done. I want you to win the Super Bowl.'''' ,'''What I have done in my nine year career was just a glimpse of what I can do.''' ,'''Well, I've learned a lot from Bill Belichick. I've said time and time again, before I got to New England, I thought I knew a lot about football. But I think he taught me a lot from A to Z. I still carry it to this day.''' ,'''People always say that Randy Moss can't stick to the rules. Even my own rules.''' ,'''If you're asking me where my heart and where I'm happy is, I love playing with Tom Brady. I love being coached by Bill Belichick.''' ,'''The New England Patriots have always been a special organization and I've always watched from afar.''' ,'''When I got drafted by Minnesota, and I think I said this a couple weeks ago, I think I felt obligated to bring a Super Bowl to Minnesota.''' ,'''I'm from West Virginia. If you didn't know what was happening in NASCAR, you were on the outside. NASCAR is a big league sport, but it's still also country and redneck.''' ,'''I think I played in Lambeau maybe 14, 15 times. I've played there a lot of times. It's in the teens, double digit. I've had success on that field, won and lost.''' ,'''I'm still overwhelmed and, at the same time, kind of star struck that I am part of this New England Patriots organization.''' ,'''And it hurts as a player, that you put a lot of hard work in during the week, and at the end of the week, Sunday, when you get on the field, that's when they acknowledge about the hard work that you put in throughout the week. That's actually a disappointment.''' ,'''To all my critics, you get paid to be negative.''' ,'''I love the game so much. I've been penalized. I've been fined. I have some regrets in my career. But for those four hours on Sunday, you can be free and just let it all go. Retiring had nothing to do with football; it had to do with my family.''' ,'''When you're rich you don't write checks.''' ,'''I don't know how many more times I'll be in New England again. But I leave coach Belichick and those guys with a salute: 'I love you guys. I miss you. I'm out.'''' ,'''Ain't nothing but 10 grand. What's 10 grand to me?''' ,'''Everybody has their own answer of what a catch should be. I say, secure the ball; if the ball is not moving, it's a dead ball, simple as that.''' ,'''It's not my fault that people don't know me. I'm going to speak my mind, no matter what the consequences are.''' ,'''I am more into the old school guy than I am with the new school guys. I came in young and I had to pay my dues to be considered a vet. To be able to play for over 10 years at wide receiver, that's why I like looking at the older guys like Larry Fitzgerald, Teddy Ginn Jr., Brian Hartline. That's what I'm about.''' ,'''I love the game of football. I've been playing since I was 6 years old, and now that I am retired and not really into it physically, it's all about the mental part of it now. It's just coaching and teaching the game.''' ,]
+++