+++
author = "David Wilkerson"
title = "David Wilkerson Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 David Wilkerson Quotes"
keywords = "david wilkerson,david wilkerson quotes,david wilkerson quote,david wilkerson sayings,david wilkerson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Also, I preached to gangs on the streets of Manhattan, Brooklyn and the Bronx - and miracles began to happen.''' ,'''How quickly we forget God's great deliverances in our lives. How easily we take for granted the miracles he performed in our past.''' ,'''Our ministry is supported entirely by faith, through the missions gifts of readers who receive my messages every three weeks. We seldom mention money, and we never burden supporters.''' ,'''Every Teen Challenge ministry is responsible for raising its own finances, but we assist these works with finances, prayer and counseling, especially overseas in areas such as Siberia, Africa, South America.''' ,'''Eighteen years ago, the Holy Spirit led me to establish a church in the heart of Times Square.''' ,'''Our ministry is debt free and we have not had to beg or plead for finances.''' ,'''I believe in walking in the Spirit.''' ,'''Christ died to save this lost world; he did not come to destroy, maim or pour out wrath.''' ,'''Our ministry also supports orphanages in the U.S. and overseas, thousands of poor children in Latin America, drug centers for addicted men, and a drug center in Israel.''' ,'''I have no ghost writers. I personally write every message and every piece of published mail.''' ,'''Gwen and I have four children and ten grandchildren.''' ,'''The Teen Challenge ministry was born out of those humble early days of ministry. It now includes over 500 drug and alcohol rehab centers around the world, even in Muslim countries. These include homes for girls and women addicts and alcoholics, all which are reaching many.''' ,'''As I look back over fifty years of ministry, I recall innumerable tests, trials and times of crushing pain. But through it all, the Lord has proven faithful, loving, and totally true to all his promises.''' ,'''Likewise today, some Christians are content to merely exist until they die. They don't want to risk anything, to believe God, to grow or mature. They refuse to believe his Word, and have become hardened in their unbelief. Now they're living just to die.''' ,'''Both of our daughters, Debbie and Bonnie, are also cancer survivors.''' ,'''The Teen Challenge Training Center on Pennsylvania farmland houses over 200 men in rehab. Other farms and centers have been birthed out of this ministry all over the world.''' ,'''In these times, God's people must trust him for rest of body and soul.''' ,'''Riches and the things that are necessary in life are not evil in themselves. And all of us face cares and troubles in this life. The sin comes in the time and energy we spend in pursuing these things, at the expense of neglecting Christ.''' ,'''Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.''' ,'''I am not officially involved now in the direction of the Teen Challenge ministry, but I rejoice that God permits me to be the father of these ministries.''' ,'''From the beginning, this has been a faith-based ministry.''' ,'''America is a giving nation and very compassionate.''' ,'''Many of those who once were so passionately in love with Christ now run about pursuing their own interests. They're burdened down with stress and problems, chasing after riches and the things of this world.''' ,'''My oldest son, Gary, is a seasoned minister and travels with me for ministers' conferences.''' ,'''The greatest fear that haunts this city is a suitcase bomb, nuclear or germ. Many people carry small gas masks. The masses here seem to be resigned to the inevitable, believing an attack of major proportions will happen.''' ,'''Our nation is being led astray by ungodly judges, mayors and governors, who are given to change, defying the Constitution and substituting their own wicked agendas.''' ,'''A final word: I am not knowledgeable about the internet. I do not have a computer. I guess that at 74 years of age, I don't have the patience to learn.''' ,'''God has never, in the history of mankind, allowed his name to go long offended.''' ,]
+++