+++
author = "Ashley Mcbryde"
title = "Ashley Mcbryde Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Ashley Mcbryde Quotes"
keywords = "ashley mcbryde,ashley mcbryde quotes,ashley mcbryde quote,ashley mcbryde sayings,ashley mcbryde saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The day Guy Clark passed away was the day we wrote 'Girl Goin' Nowhere.' It was the first day I had met Jeremy Bussey, who I wrote the song with.''' ,'''I love to think on my feet, and I love to be able to feel from a close proximity how things are going.''' ,'''In bluegrass, there's a lot of joke-telling and a lot of banter between bandmates. It's like improv or watching the 'Carol Burnett Show.'''' ,'''I am the youngest of six. There's the smart one and the pretty one, and I am the loud one.''' ,'''I started playing mandolin when I was three or four years old because I was too small to be playing guitar. As I got older and more responsible with holding instruments, I was allowed to play my mom's guitar that she had.''' ,'''I was lucky that my parents listened to really good music. My dad loved Kris Kristofferson.''' ,'''You have the most fun, and love is best, when it's just wrong enough to feel good.''' ,'''There's always going to be people that say you're a sellout - anyone who knew you back when or who wants to begrudge you for having success. That's OK. Their opinion of me, and the box they want to put me in, is just simply none of my business.''' ,'''I was lucky to grow up in the '90s, when we had just as many strong female artists as male artists. That's a world I would like to live in again.''' ,'''I have a big love for jazz music. The only thing I hated about singing with a jazz band was having to wear a gown to everything.''' ,'''It turns out, the bikers and the truckers and people in dive bars are the nicest people in the world.''' ,'''I keep a $2 bill rolled up in every pair of boots I own because one time, an older guy came up to me at a farmer's market I was playing in Memphis, handed me a $2 bill, and said, 'Stick this in your boot.' And when I stood back up, he handed me a $100 bill and said, 'Thanks for listening to me. Stick this in your pocket.'''' ,'''In my musically formative years, I grew up listening to Suzy Bogguss, Trisha Yearwood, Terri Clark.''' ,'''I've heard that the true love of country music is alive and well. That gives me so much hope and so much happiness.''' ,'''I grew up playing bluegrass as a youngster, and I'm happy that I did.''' ,'''It's all been guerrilla warfare trying to get my name out there.''' ,'''Sometimes choosing to leave a mistake on a track is way cooler than going back and nailing it.''' ,'''I do know where I'm from, and I'm proud to be an Arkansan and to represent country music.''' ,'''I was kind of always the underdog.''' ,'''The thing about bikers and truckers is they're just regular folks, and that's definitely my demographic.''' ,'''When I was 12, I wrote a legit song - about having my heart broken, of course, because I was 12 years old going on 40. I sang the song for my mom, and she asked, 'Where did you get that song?' I told her I wrote it, and she said, 'Really?' She looked at my grandparents and just said, 'Oh, boy.'''' ,'''Your love is your love. It doesn't matter whether you're 18 or 68; there can still be someone that makes you feel that way.''' ,'''My hair turned gray when I was 24.''' ,'''I'm 5 foot, 3 inches. Even if I hit you, I'm probably not going to knock you down.''' ,'''Every 'no' I ever received was an inch closer to a 'yes.'''' ,'''You should read a crowd like you read a magazine.''' ,'''There's not a lot to do in a small town, but i grew up on a cattle farm... some people would say there's nothing to do on a cattle farm, but I'd say there's everything to do.''' ,'''Eric Church knocks down doors everywhere he goes.''' ,'''That's what you do with the worst day ever: you flip it on its back.''' ,'''I get recognized more for my tattoos than my face.''' ,'''When you see a chick that's not the skinniest girl in the room, covered in tattoos, you go, 'That girl wants to stick it to the man.' But we don't give a damn about the man. At all. We just want to make music.''' ,'''Your fame and your success moves much more rapidly than your ability to fund it.''' ,'''I was four days old when I went to my first bluegrass festival.''' ,'''If you've ever been in a bar with a bunch of old sailors and see a guy that has an eagle tattooed across his chest, that guy has seen some stuff.''' ,'''It's humbling when people sing back to you!''' ,'''Singing 'Family Tradition' with Hank Jr. was a pee-your-pants moment. Hank comes over while I'm singing and puts his arm around me, and my knees nearly buckled. You can put off the fact that this is reality, but when he came over, there was just no denying. I just lost cabin pressure.''' ,'''Everything I ever needed came out of a radio and a dashboard. My Mount Rushmore of what was cool came out of a radio - Trisha Yearwood, Patty Loveless, Mark Chesnutt.''' ,'''You know me: jeans, T-shirts, boots, all the time.''' ,'''Country music is - can be - a loving industry.''' ,'''Growing up, the Opry was my Hollywood.''' ,'''In college, I was able to be the vocalist for the jazz band at Arkansas State.''' ,'''Nothing lights a fire under you like somebody saying, 'You're not going to be able to do it.'''' ,'''Not everybody is going to like your songs. But you probably wouldn't hang out with those people anyway.''' ,'''I listened to a lot of No Doubt stuff when I was in high school - or maybe it was middle school... I don't want to age myself too much!''' ,'''I haven't shut up, I think, since I was born. I tend to talk a lot, and I sing constantly, and I know that it can be kind of annoying, but I would say I sound a lot like my mom.''' ,'''I was a terrible student, but I never missed a music class. In fact, I don't even think I attended most of my gen-ed classes, but I never missed a single music class.''' ,'''You don't change country music; it changes you.''' ,'''Love songs are all about how I'll move a mountain for you and I'll never hurt your feelings. I've never been given a mountain, and if you love me, you should hurt my feelings sometimes. If I walk outside looking ugly in that shirt, you don't love me if you don't hurt my feelings a little bit and tell me.''' ,'''I'm kind of a squirrely individual.''' ,'''Being called a new artist doesn't bother me at all.''' ,'''I've been in T- shirts and jeans since I was a kid. I don't have to show you a bunch of my skin for you to listen to my songs.''' ,'''It's not a problem if 20,000 people heard my music for free, but it's a huge problem if 20,000 people never heard my music.''' ,'''I'm just going to do what I do, and people will like it, or they won't.''' ,'''I have a soul the devil wouldn't buy.''' ,'''I grew up listening to an album start to finish, and you don't skip songs. You don't listen to a Paul Simon record and skip a song: you listen to it the same way you would eat a meal... the way the person who prepared that meal for you means for you to experience it. That's how you should do it before you add salt and pepper to it.''' ,'''I'm little. I'm pale. I'm not strong. But bad things are scared of me. I think it's because my dad was a preacher growing up, and I was raised in the Church of Christ.''' ,'''A secret gets bigger and nastier the longer you don't talk about it.''' ,'''When I was growing up, radio DJs were celebrities, not just the people singing the songs.''' ,'''If you can sing to a room of 60 people who don't give a damn, then if, someday, you're playing to people who really want to hear your music, that's not hard.''' ,'''You never know when the love of your life might just walk in.''' ,'''As I got a little older, I discovered Lori McKenna and Patty Griffin and found out how many other tools we have as songwriters, that there's storytelling and there's ear candy, and that there is a place where they meet, too, and both of those women are really good at doing that.''' ,'''There's a few people that I write with that we don't stop until one of us cries.''' ,]
+++