+++
author = "Sara Khan"
title = "Sara Khan Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Sara Khan Quotes"
keywords = "sara khan,sara khan quotes,sara khan quote,sara khan sayings,sara khan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not that keen to do a daily soap, but I'm always ready for reality soaps.''' ,'''Since childhood, most of my friends have been Punjabis and I have lived in that environment for a long time.''' ,'''Since childhood, I have always followed my heart.''' ,'''There are very few singers who know the art of creating music which plays with people's feelings and emotions.''' ,'''Please don't think that I got married on TV for publicity. I already enjoyed a huge fan following, courtesy my character in Bidaai.' Instead, the controversy has traumatized me.''' ,'''I think people, in general, need to be more confident in the natural skin.''' ,'''Being respectful towards others and a loving and caring nature are some qualities I admire.''' ,'''I still find it difficult to believe that in just six months, Bidaai' has reached such a stage. Everyone in the production house has a major role to play in the success of this show, not just the actors. It's unbelievable how everyone is so dedicated here.''' ,'''I am a fan of Pakistani TV shows and the simplistic way in which they are made.''' ,'''I am open about my relationships, whether I am with someone or not.''' ,'''For me, 'Ram Milaye Jodi' is the most important show.''' ,'''People listen to music when they are sad and it relaxes their minds. People listen to music when they are extremely happy like in occasions, gatherings and parties and enjoy it. Music fills colors of happiness in their life.''' ,'''Love is like a medicine which you need to be happy in life.''' ,'''I don't see any kind of difference between television and film.''' ,'''Singing has always been an important part of my life and I have always loved singing.''' ,'''There are a few people who get really rude to you and post harsh comments. Initially, they used to bother and affect me, but then I realized that they are faceless people.''' ,'''I love Malaika Arora, Shilpa Shetty Kundra, Jennifer Lopez and I love the way they carry themselves. I love their passion for staying fit.''' ,'''I have a name in the TV industry, built by hard work of five years.''' ,'''When I came to Mumbai, my rakhi brother Vivek Jain showed my portfolio to the producer of Bidaai,' Rajan Shahi. He liked my photographs and asked me to join the serial at the earliest.''' ,'''I share a truly beautiful bond with my father. He has the purest heart and has always supported me through thick and thin.''' ,'''I always gather everyone in my make-up room, so I am likely to be found there during breaks.''' ,'''Content that surprises the audience will attract them.''' ,'''Because I don't have to survive with bare minimum necessities, I don't have to live in a one room space with a front yard, and I don't have to be with people like Dolly Bindra.''' ,'''Even before Bigg Boss,' I have been doing a daily soap and that made me popular and got me the reality show.''' ,'''Coronavirus can happen to anyone, so, it's really important to maintain good health overall. That way, when it hits you, you have an immune system that is strong enough to fight the virus.''' ,'''I did the lip filler which was a disaster and it did not look good at all. It was very bad it didn't suit me at all.''' ,'''I want women to be self-dependent and self-content.''' ,'''Everyone is entitled to their opinion and you can't stop anyone from expressing their thoughts.''' ,'''Makeup is something that is meant to enhance your features, not to make you look like something you're not.''' ,'''When it comes to the qualities that I look for in a partner, I'd say looks are a factor but the inner beauty is more important as it adds to the personality.''' ,'''I just don't want to be a producer who does just one work and leaves.''' ,'''I work almost 20 hours a day. If it were not for my colleagues, I wouldn't be able to manage.''' ,'''I hope people stop judging others by blindly following rumors.''' ,'''I just want to share that my lip surgery has got completely amazingly done. And I love it myself so much. I'm loving it.''' ,'''I do lot of work with NGOs and I am not looking for a Bollywood career.''' ,'''I've always taken good care of my health, and ensured that I took my Vitamin C, B and E tablets regularly. I also eat healthy to keep my immune system strong.''' ,'''I did not want to stay as Bidaai's Sadhna my entire life. I wanted to be fit and be Sara Khan.''' ,'''Every show has to end one day. It's part and parcel of a soap.''' ,'''Trolls don't deserve much attention. None of them are feeding or taking care of me.''' ,'''I don't want to be in the rat-race. I want to take things as they come.''' ,'''The title is 'Tattoo boy' and I haven't heard a song that talks of tattoos. So, I feel people who have tattoos will relate with this song. It's a beautiful song. It has been composed and shot really well. I hope people appreciate it.''' ,'''It's very important to have a child, as I feel that it completes the journey of a woman.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an entrepreneur so, I am looking forward to that journey and I am working hard towards it.''' ,'''According to me, marriage is a man-made custom, which ultimately gives acceptance to a relationship for the society. But for me, the moment you lose your heart to someone and you wholly and solely want to be with that person, that's marriage.''' ,'''I feel Urdu and Punjabi are quite similar and therefore, I mostly make my songs in Punjabi.''' ,''''Bigg Boss' is the biggest reality show and it doesn't need any gimmick to boost their TRP. Nothing is scripted in the show, everything goes with the flow.''' ,'''I would like people to remember that I am also someone's daughter, sister and expect the same respect and treatment that they would want for the women in their house.''' ,'''I like Kareena Kapoor a lot and would like to become like her one day.''' ,'''I feel the main advantage of being a singer is that you are providing happiness to others.''' ,'''As a singer, I like to treat my fans with great content and keep it fresh by experimenting with different genres or themes.''' ,'''I am moody at times and don't get along with everyone.''' ,'''Acting comes naturally to me.''' ,'''I always loved singing, ever since I was a child, and acting is something that always been ingrained in me.''' ,'''I believe every individual is extremely beautiful in their own ways.''' ,'''If the audience feels that we influence the youth, I want them to be inspired by some of the positive characters we play.''' ,'''The haters can go to any extent to get the attention and I'm used to trolling.''' ,'''Television in itself is a very big platform, and movies are even bigger. So we cannot compare both of them.''' ,'''I don't think there should be any discrimination between TV and film actors. I think our job is to act, irrespective of the medium.''' ,'''I would like to have a child, depending on my work and financial security. I will take that step as soon as I am ready for it. I might also consider adoption.''' ,'''I will never quit TV because TV has made me what I am today.''' ,'''I believe in living the character whether it's in films or television.''' ,'''When you are young, love happens easily; at least, that's how you perceive it. You fall for the person if you get a little bit of attention.''' ,'''I am trying to gain as much knowledge as I can about singing.''' ,'''If people liked me as Sadhna from Bidaai' they will like me as Sara Khan also. They will love me the way I am as a human being in real life.''' ,'''Whatever I post on social media, trolls will always have something to say. If I don't get trolled, I feel I have not done something right and feel insecure.''' ,'''I can't do without playing pranks.''' ,'''I just started working out and concentrated on my fitness. I did not change my face, I am the same.''' ,'''By the time I turned 16, I had modeled for 48 ads.''' ,'''I think it's not difficult to get into a character if you start living it.''' ,'''There is speculation that I was arrested in Pakistan, but that's not true.''' ,'''I have faith in the Almighty and believe in his kindness.''' ,'''I've used lip fillers actually, it is not a lip surgery. So, the people who are saying its lip surgery, are wrong. It's a lip filler.''' ,'''I am truly grateful to my father to help me understand how important it is to dream.''' ,'''There are times when you fall in love with a person, and feel like you belong with him or her. But if it doesn't work out, you need to step out of it.''' ,'''I strongly believe that love as an emotion is sufficient for a girl and a boy to be together, and these societal norms like caste, creed or religion are all man-made.''' ,'''I have connected with my family more because I have made a group in which I have added all my family members from my paternal and maternal side.''' ,'''My friends and family were also in tears with my decision to quit as they all loved me in Bidaai.'''' ,'''I have noticed that when a girl or guy falls in love, and they call their girlfriend or boyfriend with cute names, then 'Honey Bunny' is one of the most famous ones, so we picked that up and created a song.''' ,'''My life can't be reduced to click-bait journalism.''' ,'''To be very honest, I am not inspired by anyone. I want to be the one who thinks about her work all on her own.''' ,'''Music and acting have always been a part of who I am.''' ,'''Who the hell is Sambhavna to talk about my personal life? Before talking about others she should look at herself. What is she only a C-grade film item dancer.''' ,'''It was a dream come true for me to bag a project like Bidaai' and that too when I was not from Mumbai. It was such an overwhelming moment because the show was very popular and I was getting so much love and attention from everywhere.''' ,'''My unforgettable childhood memory was when I got Bidaai.' I was in school when I got this show and I was in Bhopal at that time. I can never forget it.''' ,'''In our society, it's an unwritten law that you can't have a child out of wedlock. I am not in agreement with that, but I am expected to follow it as I am a part of this society.''' ,'''Despite the fact that I haven't watched a lot of serials, I always wanted to work in them.''' ,'''It is a satisfying feeling for an actor when one gets an opportunity to portray different shades through the character because it fulfills one's hunger.''' ,'''I am a blunt person.''' ,'''Acting has given me a successful career and I will do it whenever I'm approached for any challenging and promising role.''' ,'''Thankfully my fans and well wishers have always being with me, and without my fans I am no one.''' ,'''Nobody in my family has ever been into the field of acting. But I always wanted to be an actor and I thank my parents for being so supportive and encouraging.''' ,'''I have slogged to reach where I am today.''' ,'''When you are a public figure you will get love and hate both.''' ,'''Dancing is my passion.''' ,'''I thought I would make good songs. Then I made Black Heart' and it was praised a lot. I love doing it and it is my passion.''' ,'''I always wanted to give comedy a try and I feel Comedy Classes' is the best platform for that.''' ,'''I think to achieve great, healthy skin, one needs to stop using too many products on their skin, and take the natural route. For instance, vitamin C and E are great for one's skin.''' ,'''I have a habit of perfecting my shots, so after I give a shot I never crib about it.''' ,'''I can't ever forget my experience of working with the lovely team of Bidaai.' I won't miss anyone because I'll continue to stay in contact with everybody from the show.''' ,'''I am grateful to Bigg Boss' and I will cherish it for rest of my life.''' ,]
+++