+++
author = "Jimmi Simpson"
title = "Jimmi Simpson Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Jimmi Simpson Quotes"
keywords = "jimmi simpson,jimmi simpson quotes,jimmi simpson quote,jimmi simpson sayings,jimmi simpson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm one of the most chill people I know.''' ,'''I have a couple screenplays that are done, and I'm looking for the right people to help me make them. I do a lot of television writing to develop new ideas for shows.''' ,'''I'm a big cartoon fan! Bugs is my favorite.''' ,'''I think you have to kind of feel like you're pretty handsome and cool to be able to step into an audition for some kind of lead hero, and that's just not how I look.''' ,'''I have had really positive experiences in every medium, as well as horrible experiences in every medium.''' ,'''I swear to God, my career is like this weird origami thing.''' ,'''I think that human beings, even the ones who are sometimes hurting you, are often very, very confused at their center.''' ,'''There are a lot of pros to doing a film, as far as it helping your film career, and it is completely different financially. But theatre is the only place where you get to actually be the character, and nobody is going to come around and change it later.''' ,'''I conduct myself as if I am a spaceman in Hollywood. I don't want to do anything fancy. I don't want people to send me free clothes. I just want to be grateful for this craft they let me do.''' ,'''I think 'Westworld' and 'Hap and Leonard' are two of the greatest things that you can do with this oversized pool of the television medium.''' ,'''As Americans, we're raised with this idea of, 'We're number one.' As an individual, you absorb and you consume until you skyrocket to the top with your money and your whatever. That's not my philosophy. My philosophy is quite the opposite in that there's limited space, we have limited resources, and so it's not about the individual.''' ,'''I live in Los Angeles where there is not that much in the way of theatre, so the La Jolla Playhouse is pretty much the only place that is on my radar, and when they have something going on, and I am available, I will certainly go in.''' ,'''Pretty much, I am always open to input from everyone; although I don't require it, the feedback is conducive to getting the play together.''' ,'''I got my degree in theatre at a little school in Pennsylvania, Bloomsburg University. It was one of those situations where I went into the major because I loved it, but didn't really expect to see it as a moneymaking situation or career.''' ,'''I have a problem with the term 'leading man.' It's so limiting; it involves not upsetting anyone. Obviously, we have anti-heroes now, but if we're talking about the two tropes - character actor and leading man - I would so rather be a character actor. That's why I have a career.''' ,'''We all don't feel like a million bucks, even if you're an actor. You just don't; not all of us feel like movie stars.''' ,'''I auditioned for 'Westworld' thinking it was gonna be a knock-off spoof. Thank God I didn't know Anthony Hopkins was starring in it.''' ,'''Theatre is really difficult, so it's important that you have a director that kind of understands that and is really hands on.''' ,'''I'm very much a glass-is-half-full guy.''' ,'''As far as creating my own theme park, it would probably just have to do with things I like, like my dog and other people's dogs, and lots of dogs and cats.''' ,'''I think everybody does go in expecting they're making 'Gone With The Wind' on their first movie. But you know, that's just not going to be the case, everybody. Hold onto your hat. Buckle in. It's probably going to take a few.''' ,'''I think a well-fit T-shirt and jeans can just kill, style-wise. At least, that's what I tell myself, because that's what I'm going to keep wearing till I die.''' ,'''Maybe it's my freak flag that, when I go to a haunted mansion, I would rather blend in with them and be part of the story rather than have someone jump out at me. To be part of the fantasy seems way more interesting to me, to embed myself in there and just drop in, in that way.''' ,'''I'm really interested in the current tech world because of my brother Michael. Since we were little kids, in the 1970s, he was dealing with the first computers. He works for the government.''' ,'''I pretty much got into theatre to do community theatre and things, but then I went to Williamstown and found an agent. I then went to New York and did a lot of theatre there, so I started doing only theatre.''' ,'''We all need to decide what makes it safe and secure on the Internet. It can't be anybody else's decision. We have to have a voice.''' ,'''I've skateboarded my whole life, and I'm going to keep enjoying it until my age prohibits me.''' ,'''It's an old-fashioned, very outdated, non-functioning idea that we can drain all the resources from directly around us and skyrocket to the top of a skyscraper, and that's success. We have to understand that when one has to leech from others to that degree, then that's something we need to watch and stop.''' ,]
+++