+++
author = "Antonio Sabato, Jr."
title = "Antonio Sabato, Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Antonio Sabato, Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "antonio sabato, jr.,antonio sabato, jr. quotes,antonio sabato, jr. quote,antonio sabato, jr. sayings,antonio sabato, jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I try to be a good person every day. If you didn't like me, there would be something wrong with you, because I really go out and work as hard as I can to help people. I put myself last - always. I'm a giver all the way.''' ,'''As I got older, I got closer to my faith and I got closer to Jesus, reading the Bible and living my life under God.''' ,'''When I tell people I'm an Italian Jew, they're very amused by it. But obviously by blood I'm Jewish, because my mother is.''' ,'''Skydiving - I love to do that.''' ,'''I care about looking into someone's eyes and finding out who they are.''' ,'''I always believed in Jesus and God as a little boy.''' ,'''Jewish people are tough people. They believe in something and believe it really strong, and I find it fascinating that a small country like Israel is as powerful as it is.''' ,'''I consider myself a Christian - a true believer in Jesus Christ - that He died for our sins.''' ,'''I'm a Laker fan, always have been. And the New York Yankees, for sure.''' ,'''I don't consider myself any denomination.''' ,'''I've always worked on my own home and different places that I've owned. I really enjoyed it. But I'm a mechanic, a motorcycle and car builder.''' ,'''I have great fans that come up to me, and they just want me to sign stuff. I have a restaurant in Beverly Hills - Prego - and they come in all the time asking for me to see when I'm going to show up. That doesn't really scare me.''' ,'''I like music that just gives you goose bumps.''' ,'''I've been driving race cars professionally for a while: 200 mph types of things.''' ,]
+++