+++
author = "Mike D'Antoni"
title = "Mike D'Antoni Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mike D'Antoni Quotes"
keywords = "mike d'antoni,mike d'antoni quotes,mike d'antoni quote,mike d'antoni sayings,mike d'antoni saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You know what's fun about basketball? It keeps evolving, and it keeps changing a little bit. And the older guys want to try to hold it back to how they grew up, and it's not the same. You've got to change with the times, and some of the guys you've got to drag across the finish line.''' ,'''She really taught me a lot about how to believe in myself without being cocky. That's a tough thing to do sometimes. But my mom had it down pat.''' ,'''To take a team to win a championship, there's so many things that have to happen.''' ,'''The defense can be affected by certain guys not being comfortable in the offense, and then not just playing and reacting on the other end.''' ,'''My dad was a principal and coach. My sister was a superintendent of schools in West Virginia.''' ,'''The more energy you bring to the game, the more you're going to get the ball. That's always been the case, and if you don't have the energy, then you probably won't get the ball much.''' ,'''Nash was a purist. Steve's a Hall of Fame point guard. He was unbelievably good.''' ,'''Pau's a great guy.''' ,'''I hate when guys say: 'Hey I didn't get my touches.'''' ,'''It was reported that I said I wouldn't, shouldn't have gone to New York. No. I said I shouldn't have left Steve Nash. It's a little bit different on the meaning.''' ,'''You don't have to love each other. I've been on a lot of championship teams in Europe where there's edges and we don't go out to dinner every night.''' ,'''I'm going to do everything I can do to win a championship.''' ,'''Nobody wants to go into the season going, 'OK, if you have a really good year, you can come in third.'''' ,'''Kobe woks harder than anybody I've seen.''' ,'''Every coach in the league does an unbelievable job, and they're prepared and think you're going to outcoach people, or you think that you're going to surprise, but you don't.''' ,'''The big men aren't going away, they're just getting better.''' ,'''I don't actually like coffee. But I'm addicted to Starbucks.''' ,'''The only thing we can ask players is to play as hard as they can. Whether you're happy or not doesn't really matter if you are playing as hard as you can.''' ,'''Some of the hard part of coaching is to be able to drag people over to the next side. People are comfortable with doing business a certain way. When that business kind of shifts to get people to change, it's not easy. It's a process.''' ,'''I think the bottom line, even though there are some bumps and bruises here and there, is Kobe will lead you to victories.''' ,'''When you go into a high-pressure game, and you've got a guy that's fearless, it helps you.''' ,'''I think the thing is you always play with what you have in high school. It was always very fastbreaky-type basketball. And then when I went to Marshall, we did the same thing. We had a weird team. Our center was 6'5' and the forward was about 6'10', but he shot from the outside.''' ,'''I don't want to go with conventional thinking.''' ,'''Having Steve Nash running your team makes you a lot smarter.''' ,'''The only thing I try to do as a coach is just stay on message and pound the points home.''' ,'''Almost everyone in the family have been schoolteachers, been in education forever.''' ,'''I know who I am: the Forrest Gump of basketball.''' ,'''Every coach is paranoid.''' ,'''Things don't always go smoothly.''' ,'''One of the reasons I didn't make it in the NBA - I played 3 1/2 years - and one of the reasons I was in Europe for 20 years was because I lost my confidence. That comes from coaches that are emphasizing the mistakes, taking you out anytime you make one.''' ,'''It's a tough league.''' ,'''Old coaches, I think everybody will tell you, you got to be who you are, because you try to be somebody you are not and it'll get you. It might work for five minutes but it's not going to work in the long run.''' ,'''If you're a ball stopper, usually you're inefficient.''' ,'''A lot of 3s, a lot of ball movement, a lot of quick movements. Yes, you can win that way.''' ,'''We believe in public education. We think it's important in our country to have it and for us to support it.''' ,'''I think any criticism bothers anybody. I get my back up when I hear stuff that I think the people don't know what they're talking about - understanding that I can improve in a lot of different areas and the team can improve.''' ,'''Kobe is a unique individual and he is very headstrong.''' ,'''You coach long enough, you're gonna get fired.''' ,'''James Harden has been and is one of the top players in the league, and he's been that way. He can defend, he's strong, and offensively, he might be the best in the league.''' ,'''When you're desperate, it's good on defense because your hair should be on fire, but it's bad on offense.''' ,'''There's some guys in the league that I really want to respect me. I respect the way they play, I respect the way they look at the game, and their respect is more important instead of having a job.''' ,'''Rondo is a very good basketball player - really good.''' ,'''You don't have to be the greatest of friends off the floor. But on the floor you have to be able to play without any kind of hesitation for all your teammates. Whether you like the guy or not, you can still do what's right.''' ,'''Chemistry on the floor - without it, you can't win.''' ,'''A champion has a heart.''' ,'''You talk about winning championships, well championships are won by 12 guys, the organization, being in the right spot at the right time.''' ,'''I don't know of anybody not trying on offense when they're upset.''' ,'''There's always things we could have done better, and it's easier with hindsight.''' ,'''I had always wanted to see Europe, and what better way to see it than to spend a year there playing basketball?''' ,'''You don't get many second chances in life.''' ,'''I try to stick to who I am and try to make it work.''' ,'''I've got a motto. When the posse's chasing you out of town, you just act like you're the head of a parade.''' ,'''If you think something's right and the numbers prove it's right, then go all-in. You can't muddy the waters. You can't just go halfway.''' ,'''Sometimes those labels that the league puts on players aren't right.''' ,'''The big thing about coaching is, however you are, that's how you've got to do it.''' ,'''The three-point line changed everything and the players' ability to be able to make three-pointers changed how you attacked the basket.''' ,'''Well, at different points of people's careers or lives or circumstances, things are different.''' ,'''I think about any season, you remember your relationships.''' ,'''I like Utah, but they don't have a Starbucks.''' ,'''Basketball has changed, and the way the game is played has changed.''' ,'''I think coaching Steve Nash is easy no matter if it's a good or bad start.''' ,'''It's hard to to make it in the NBA. Everybody's got talent. So what's the difference between a talented guy who makes it and the type that doesn't? I've found that a lot of the time it's mental; it's confidence.''' ,'''Every coach should be under scrutiny.''' ,'''Some of the best times are training camp and getting your ideas in how you'd like them.''' ,'''When it came to basketball, I was a fanatic. I started to focus solely on basketball the summer before my freshman year in high school. I worked on my shooting in the driveway, drawing up charts where I recorded each day's performance. I spent hours working alone on ball-handling. I ran five miles a day and played games against my friends.''' ,'''You have guys that are comfortable in certain roles and they've made a lot of money in the role that they've been in, so it's hard for them to change or envision doing something different from what they're doing because what they're doing obviously was giving them a lot of success.''' ,'''Being rested and playing bad is not going to be a good formula going into the playoffs. That's not good.''' ,'''I don't care who guards him. He's still going to be Anthony Davis.''' ,'''You have to play offense and defense without thinking, and react like you know what to do, but if you're thinking of where to be and 1,000 other things you can lose focus. You're trying to play hard, but you're overthinking.''' ,'''Teams win championships.''' ,'''I like the offense to flow.''' ,'''Some players need it and some don't. Some have a little too much confidence. But bench players, guys in secondary roles, just need a shot of confidence all the time.''' ,'''Well, I don't know one coach in the NBA who doesn't have high blood pressure.''' ,'''As a coach, you're worried about everything.''' ,'''I know every coach is trying to do the best for his team and trying to win.''' ,'''To me, a big man has to be able to guard on the perimeter.''' ,'''That's the challenge you take as a player, coach, whatever... executive... that you're gonna have to perform at a high level, whether that's by luck or whatever, by design, it has to get up there, otherwise it's not gonna be the most pleasant experience, but it's a challenge. And I think everybody would love a challenge like that.''' ,'''Defense is always collective. You have to do it collectively.''' ,'''When you open up the court, now the point guards can see, they can score, and they're not afraid to take shots. Before it was like, 'No, don't take that shot. That's a bad shot. Pound it inside. Pound it inside.' And the philosophy has gone a little bit away from that, because it makes sense to do it the other way.''' ,'''I will always be in basketball some way or another.''' ,'''I think we'll get to the point where every 5 can shoot threes. I think we'll get to the point where a lot of people can handle the ball and fastbreak and bring it up.''' ,'''I shouldn't have left Nash in the sense that he's special as a player. You've got to nurture that. But New York was great for me.''' ,'''When you don't make the playoffs, or you're not producing a product that you're proud of, then, yeah, it's tough on everybody... it's tough on the fans all the way down.''' ,'''When his football and baseball careers ended, my dad became an accomplished marbles player. Then dad got really good at pitching horseshoes. And to show you how athletic our bloodlines really were, my mom was a wonderful tennis player.''' ,'''Why not play the most possessions you can play if you're the best defensively and offensively? Any time possessions are cut down, then a bad call, a missed shot then you have a chance to lose.''' ,'''It's basketball. This is great. How do you get scars from something you love? You can get some regrets, 'I wish I would've done that.' But there's no scars. This is too good.''' ,'''I don't buy it is all about the rings because there are a lot of guys that got rings that can't play a lick. They happened to be on the bench with some great players, so I don't buy into that totally.''' ,'''Players have to do what they think is best for them.''' ,'''Some people say, with my name, they call me Antoni and no D.''' ,'''Swagger's big. We have to have confidence to go ahead and play our game in who we are and not get away from it.''' ,'''I was a much better player in Europe than I was in the N.B.A., and lot of that had to do with feeling comfortable psychologically and believing in myself.''' ,'''Give me one coach in any sport that's not always on the hot seat. You're just as good as your last game... You're always on a hot seat.''' ,'''I was blessed to have a lot of good point guards throughout.''' ,'''Ultimately, you try to fit your personnel and what you can do as well into what you run.''' ,'''Every ship gets rocked sometimes.''' ,'''Some coaches get fired even after the best years they've ever had.''' ,'''My whole philosophy is 24 seconds or less. I don't care if it's seven or 10 or 20, we just have to get one good shot in those 24 seconds and that's what we'll do.''' ,'''Players, if you give them the freedom, then they will do remarkable things.''' ,'''If the best that we have is an iso, or if my personnel on my team dictates that that is really good, then that's what we're going to do.''' ,'''I can't just say I wanna take a Hall of Fame point guard and make him into something else.''' ,]
+++