+++
author = "Hoyeon Jung"
title = "Hoyeon Jung Quotes"
quotes_len = "71"
description = "the best 71 Hoyeon Jung Quotes"
keywords = "hoyeon jung,hoyeon jung quotes,hoyeon jung quote,hoyeon jung sayings,hoyeon jung saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Whether good or bad things happen, music allows you to separate yourself from reality a bit.''' ,'''In my modeling days, I never faced situations where I had to really think about others, or my family and friends. I didn't have a sense of responsibility; it was more about my well-being and goals.''' ,'''I'm very open to being defined.''' ,'''Whenever I was alone while modeling overseas, I would always think about who I was and what it meant to be a human being and I personally think this is what eventually triggered my desire to act, and brought me to sign with my acting agency.''' ,'''Even though I was based in New York, I would travel all over the world, meeting so many different types of people, and that's really when my understanding of diversity deepened.''' ,'''Working on 'Squid Game' was so fun and worth it.''' ,'''Taking care of yourself inside and outside is what's key.''' ,'''I may waver a lot, but I'll work really hard and keep going.''' ,'''Acting in a new movie or series will be challenging, especially after 'Squid Game,' so I intend not to limit myself to a specific genre.''' ,'''During Fashion Week, my skin becomes sensitive, so I always put on a sheet mask before I go to bed.''' ,'''First of all, I find everything very astonishing. The astonishment that things can change so much over such a short span of time. And I also feel grateful that so many people worldwide love Sae-byeok as much as I love her.''' ,'''Had I been a contestant in 'Squid Game,' I would have died doing the dalgona.''' ,'''I had a hair colorist that I knew, so I went to her and had my hair colored, and fortunately, this helped me achieve a very successful modeling career. But, it's very difficult to maintain red hair.''' ,'''Of course, I always hoped Squid Game would do well. But no one could have predicted it would be this big. In just one month, everything changed.''' ,'''I want to meet my fans for a long time, as a real actor.''' ,'''With time, I believe, a day would come when people have their own definitions of Jung Ho-yeon as an actor.''' ,'''Some say a model's tenure is relatively short compared with other careers. But I disagree. Models of all age groups are needed, so I think modeling can be a lifelong career.''' ,'''Squid Game' is a story about human nature that most people can already relate to, yet everything is communicated through easy-to-follow childhood games.''' ,'''I always traveled by myself on the airplane, stayed at hotels by myself. Even though I got some big campaign, I couldn't celebrate with someone else. I just stayed at the hotel, had a glass of wine and congratulated myself.''' ,'''I think Korean beauty seems to be more focused on skincare than makeup!''' ,'''I watched a lot of documentaries about North Korean defectors. I also practiced speaking in a North Korean accent with a teacher, and studied a lot.''' ,'''I am cautious about becoming lazy.''' ,'''My life so far tells me the best way to prepare for the future is prioritizing my current work. If I work hard to complete the current work, it paves the way for my next job.''' ,'''In a way, Instagram is a space where I edit and show what I want to show. But at some point, I thought, 'Am I really this person?' People like my shiny look, but to me, I'm a much different person than her.''' ,'''The world doesn't revolve around English.''' ,'''I want to improve every day and maintain a steady pace without ever losing my resolve to work hard.''' ,'''If I happily smile and play around and laugh 'ha-ha, hoo-hoo, yay,' laughing like that, I think the photo looks cooler. If I just stand there like this, like 'Oh, I'm a model,' well, I don't think that's what it means to be a model at all.''' ,'''I'm not a huge fan of horror movies, but I like a few within the genre.''' ,'''Now, I feel very comfortable with the 'Squid Game' team, so I can slowly get used to this success with people. But when I was at home by myself watching this growth, I was like, 'What?'''' ,'''In a way, I think Sae-byeok lived her life to the fullest, so her desperate need to win was different from the others, and she didn't necessarily have to earn the cash prize.''' ,'''When my skin is irritated, I'll use an aloe mask pack for its soothing effects.''' ,'''I couldn't follow the speed of the growth of the 'Squid Game' success because since COVID, I think everything is faster and even online, it happens just so quick. It was hard to follow.''' ,'''On holidays, I spent time alone at home watching a movie, reading a book, and contemplating. Now that I think about it, if I hadn't had that time, I probably wouldn't have been able to do acting.''' ,'''Acting is something I had been thinking about all the time, though not seriously.''' ,'''Drinking two liters of water a day, washing your face only with water when it's morning, don't touch your face often with your hands, and make sure to wear sunscreen!''' ,'''When I was acting for the first time in 'Squid Game,' I listened to a lot of music. I listened to a lot of music by Sanulrim, Yoo Jae-Ha and Kwang-seok. In particular, I listened to the song 'Reminiscence' by Sanulrim a bunch. Listening to that song assisted me emotionally.''' ,'''Squid Game' came at a moment where I was really thinking seriously about my acting career, so I wanted to put this into action finally.''' ,'''I've done photo shoots for fashion brand catalogues and participated in graduation shows for fashion colleges.''' ,'''The time that I spent overseas working as a model, all of those experiences influenced my personality and personal taste.''' ,'''I'm honored to kickstart my acting career with Louis Vuitton, which I've worked with throughout my modeling career.''' ,'''What I do is I keep trying to focus on what I am doing now, instead of wasting time thinking about what went wrong in the past or will happen in the future.''' ,'''I thought to myself, What should I do for a living so that I can keep feeding myself? And I thought, Oh, I'm tall, so why not give modeling a try?''' ,'''The last scene with Sae-byeok, I was nervous. But I had to do it.''' ,'''Korea achieved economic development in a short span of time, which is why competition can be more intense here than in other countries.''' ,'''I applied for 'Korea's Next Top Model 2' when I was a freelance model, but I dropped out right after making it to the top 30. It left a resentment in my heart.''' ,'''As time went on, I felt that Sae-Byeok and I were becoming closer. I found joy in our synergy. The time I spent playing her was worth every second.''' ,'''Just the fact that so many people around the world are showing their interest puts me in a good mood.''' ,'''I don't have any goals as an actress.''' ,'''I tried many ways to become the real Sae-byeok.''' ,'''When I'd travel by myself on airplanes and stay at hotels, I spent most of my days just watching movies.''' ,'''Being surrounded by people who truly love and believe in me, that's happiness.''' ,'''I used to hear people say that models have very short careers, which I don't really agree with... I think that even when you grow old, you can still continue modeling if you have that willingness.''' ,'''I was modeling overseas but, during the holiday seasons, summer and winter, I came back to Korea for some time and I took acting lessons for about a month at a time.''' ,'''The most powerful lesson I learnt was to have faith in humanity.''' ,'''To be honest, I think music is such an important part of life, not just for acting.''' ,'''I had worked as a runway model for six years in Korea before I flew to New York.''' ,'''I always try to take it one step at a time and I'm not the kind of person that works toward a big goal.''' ,'''I learned more English because I wanted to actually learn acting.''' ,'''All that I have and will experience, even in the most minuscule way, will influence my acting.''' ,'''I am 176 centimeters tall, which is considered average for models. If I were taller, I would've been active in the high-end fashion industry and if I were shorter, I would be a popular commercial model appearing on magazine and TV shows.''' ,'''I try not to give my skin a strong stimulation and I try to protect the fluids and oils that come from my body as much as possible!''' ,'''To tell you the truth, people might think going from a model to a North Korean defector would've been difficult in appearance. For me, the focus was not on the external but internal side of things, to fully understand Sae-byeok's life.''' ,'''These days, it's not enough for models to just do shows and photo shoots anyway, you have to be making videos and finding ways to create other content - that's what I think.''' ,'''I told my colorist, 'I think a little redder than usual,' since there were still three weeks before Fashion Week. It turned out super red. But really, it suits me so well!''' ,'''I love wide and long pieces, but my agency hates it when I wear wide pants because they drown me.''' ,'''In 2016, I left Korea to further my modelling career overseas, and I spent a lot of time alone. At the time, the emotion that I felt the most was loneliness.''' ,'''Working just in Korea, I was more focused on being recognized and how others viewed me, but it was the years I spent overseas that led me to wonder, 'What things do I like?'''' ,'''I didn't think I grafted the competitive and strong-willed versions of myself from 'Korea's Next Top Model' to Sae-byeok's character. But thinking of it now, maybe I still have those aspects within me, which helped me understand the role.''' ,'''I didn't know that Americans don't like to watch movies with subtitles.''' ,'''I try not to dwell too much on the success of 'Squid Game.'''' ,'''I relieved my loneliness with movies and books, and I had a strong desire to express what I felt through acting.''' ,]
+++