+++
author = "Bella Freud"
title = "Bella Freud Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Bella Freud Quotes"
keywords = "bella freud,bella freud quotes,bella freud quote,bella freud sayings,bella freud saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always been interested in justice. I think what is happening to the Palestinians represents the ultimate injustice. I also hate bullies and the effect of them, the way people side with them out of fear. The Israelis are the schoolyard bullies, with England and the United States siding with them.''' ,'''My earliest influences were Coco Chanel and Yves Saint Laurent.''' ,'''Somehow, stars have a lot of class if they are done right; they never have a shelf life.''' ,'''I have vaguely entertained the idea of learning how to use the Internet and email. It looks easy, but I'm sure it's harder than it seems. Never having used a computer makes a big difference. I haven't a clue which keys to press.''' ,'''I love the way people dress at the races. I love people dressed to the nines during the day. That formal kind of daywear doesn't really exist anymore except at the races. Also I love the tuffs and the working classes being so hand in glove and relying on each other to make the thing happen.''' ,'''Teenagers are more willing to experiment, and they'll find a way to wear something if they like it.''' ,'''I have always felt that the Internet was a more important research tool for a writer than an artist.''' ,'''I love a star print. I always get a lurch if I see a nice one.''' ,'''What I like doing is imagery that can be interpreted in any particular way by the person who wears it.''' ,'''Ever since I was little, I really loved boyish clothes - I had a real obsession with strict clothes, like uniforms. They really got me going.''' ,'''I grew up in the countryside, and I was obsessed with horses and wildlife.''' ,]
+++