+++
author = "Sean Lennon"
title = "Sean Lennon Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Sean Lennon Quotes"
keywords = "sean lennon,sean lennon quotes,sean lennon quote,sean lennon sayings,sean lennon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a piano and a guitar, and I tend to switch back and forth between those two instruments to help me get inspired.''' ,'''My tendency is to be very experimental.''' ,'''The work I've done, I'm really feeling the effects of it.''' ,'''I like songs and film because you can turn your life into a sort of myth or dream.''' ,'''Making films is great. You've got 100 people around and you're all dressing up and making weird art-it's a fun group activity.''' ,'''I spend my time trying to figure art out. I was brought up to believe that the way one processes information is by making it into art. That's how I live my life.''' ,'''Growing up, I fantasized about being a rock musician and that somehow it would be really easy. I didn't realize that it's so much work.''' ,'''I'm not trying to overcome my father or fill his shoes or reach any kind of level that he did. We're talking about a Mozart of rock music.''' ,'''I try not to do anything by formula.''' ,'''I feel that film is inevitably the medium of the future. It has been for years, decades, but more so now than ever.''' ,'''There's no single movement out there. It's not like in the '60s, when Revolver came out and that's just it for the next year.''' ,'''Songwriting is kind of like a craft. It's not something that just comes in a dream. You've got to work at it.''' ,'''I'm trying to use the language of today to express a general existential crisis that I think the world and I are going through.''' ,'''I'm lucky that a lot of my friends are in the entertainment industry.''' ,'''I feel like I've been way overexposed in the press. I'd rather play shows and represent myself in person.''' ,'''I like to have books around to give me ideas-to get the verbal part of my brain to start working.''' ,'''I did a record with a producer, and the good producers eat up the budget, so I didn't have any budget left to produce this record. I had to produce it myself.''' ,'''For me, songwriting is something I have to do ritually. I don't just wait for inspiration; I try to write a little bit every day.''' ,'''I like songs that have lots of different parts in them, an intro, an outro and a bridge.''' ,'''Putting out commercial pieces and promoting them and trying to sell them to people is not necessarily what it means to be an artist.''' ,'''We live in a pretty bleak time. I feel that in the air. Everything is uncertain. Everything feels like its on the precipice of some major transformation, whether we like it or not.''' ,'''I'm not that in control of myself that I could be specific about exactly the way I'm doing everything as it happens. I'm just trying my best.''' ,'''Now, music almost feels naked in my mind.''' ,'''I like songs that go to different places and then come back.''' ,'''Being famous is having the power to really implement positive change in the world, and it gives you the power to do what you want. I'm really grateful for it because I can play music and people will listen.''' ,'''The most important thing in my father's life? World peace. Me and my brother. My mom.''' ,'''There are only really a few stories to tell in the end, and betrayal and the failure of love is one of those good stories to tell.''' ,'''It's a bit embarrassing watching myself, but I couldn't get someone else to play me, that would've been stupid.''' ,'''I like music because it's the only invisible art form.''' ,]
+++