+++
author = "Barbara Sher"
title = "Barbara Sher Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Barbara Sher Quotes"
keywords = "barbara sher,barbara sher quotes,barbara sher quote,barbara sher sayings,barbara sher saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''And our dreams are who we are.''' ,'''Real obstacles don't take you in circles. They can be overcome. Invented ones are like a maze.''' ,'''The cure for sorrow is to learn something.''' ,'''Change is not only likely, it's inevitable.''' ,'''You don't have to get it right the first time.''' ,'''Resentment is weak and lowers your self-esteem.''' ,'''Every single one of us can do things that no one else can do - can love things that no one else can love. We are like violins. We can be used for doorstops, or we can make music. You know what to do.''' ,'''Doing is a quantum leap from imagining.''' ,'''The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act.''' ,'''You must go after your wish. As soon as you start to pursue a dream, your life wakes up and everything has meaning.''' ,'''When you start using senses you've neglected, your reward is to see the world with completely fresh eyes.''' ,'''When you play it too safe, you're taking the biggest risk of your life. Time is the only wealth we're given.''' ,'''You can learn new things at any time in your life if you're willing to be a beginner. If you actually learn to like being a beginner, the whole world opens up to you.''' ,'''We are like violins. We can be used as doorstops, or we can make music.''' ,'''Imaginary obstacles are insurmountable. Real ones aren't.''' ,'''It's essential to distinguish between events that are really beyond your control and events you caused yourself.''' ,'''Isolation is a dream killer.''' ,]
+++