+++
author = "David Berman"
title = "David Berman Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 David Berman Quotes"
keywords = "david berman,david berman quotes,david berman quote,david berman sayings,david berman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always loved bands with mystique.''' ,'''I don't have room in my mind to think about musical equipment.''' ,'''Lyrically, country music is the most satisfying music for me.''' ,'''Fan reaction is so out-sized and hyperbolic in rock music compared to other arts.''' ,'''I grew up the son of a businessman. And I didn't get into music to be a businessman.''' ,'''I was much further along as a poet than as a songwriter, but the songs were getting more attention. They were doing what art is supposed to do, mixing it up with people.''' ,'''I can't imagine putting my name on a t-shirt. For someone to wear my name? Me? It's ridiculous.''' ,'''You don't meet too many actors in Nashville.''' ,'''I'm interested in direct communication about domestic life.''' ,'''I imagine that I'm less famous than the 15th ranked bowler in the world.''' ,'''I'm not convinced I have fans.''' ,'''Sometimes I turn the TV just below where you can hear it and write down what I think they might be saying by the mumbles and rhythms.''' ,'''For a long time, I've struggled very, very much with what people call treatment-resistant depression.''' ,'''I think reporters think that they can get something extra out of a person face-to-face, but in reality people just give stock answers because there's a social situation going on.''' ,'''When I started the band, the name 'Silver Jews' had no literal meaning - it was just an abstraction.''' ,'''I don't think any songwriter who comes up through playing clubs can really claim to have independently developed their art. All along the way so much information is coming, the writer inside the performer unconsciously reacts to all of that. By the time they get to be thirty, the writer is gone.''' ,'''My only advice would be to someone right now, is if you're in a position in your life where you need to make a change, this is the best time.''' ,'''I have this Martin electric/acoustic that's made of black formica. Really cool.''' ,'''Definitely in everything I do, the comic is a part of it.''' ,'''I used to consider myself weak.''' ,'''The overlap between Pavement's fan base and people who liked Silver Jews was total. In my mind, even a local band with 20 fans had more unqualified support.''' ,'''For the first 12 years of recording I would finish the album, then on the day it came out I'd never hear the songs again.''' ,'''Some nights I'm funny with the between-song commentary, some nights I'm not. I have no control over this. I pace the stage a lot and struggle with the mic stand in a ridiculous way.''' ,'''Like they used to say about Joe Montana, he threw soft because he couldn't throw hard. He was successful because he didn't try to do what he couldn't. I couldn't rock out harder than everybody, or overpower people with mastery like Jack White of the White Stripes, so why try? That's why I've always worked harder on words.''' ,'''I was 29 or 30 when I felt sure of what I was doing, but not fully identifying as a songwriter until I was 37.''' ,'''I ask myself when I see a new album: 'Is this an album that they needed to make, or do they need to just keep making albums?'''' ,'''That's the way I've always been, between the albums: For two- or three-year gaps I wouldn't pick up a guitar. And when I don't pick up a guitar for a year or two, that's when the songs fall out.''' ,'''A lot of the Jews I met in Israel, almost all of them are secular. They get turned off by their religion, in the same way that Americans get turned off Christianity by people like Jerry Falwell and Pat Robinson.''' ,'''My great grandfather was the last practicing Jew in my family. He died in 1982.''' ,'''I've never been from a certain group. I've always reserved a space for myself where I'm unattached to any group, but the part of Judaism that I really take away, that means something to me, is the part about community.''' ,'''I have always had a blank spot where my regret is supposed to be.''' ,'''I was not born to be the center of attention in a crowded room.''' ,'''In an email... like I did 100 interviews, and I never repeated one story. That's impossible to do when you do face-to-face interviews, because your brain locks and you say the same thing over and over again.''' ,'''In 2004, I don't think any Silver Jews fan was probably expecting another record.''' ,'''Natalie Maines has a voice for the centuries.''' ,'''In my whole life, I've had maybe 10 people who have told me how much my music means to them.''' ,'''I read Henry Miller's 'Nexus,' 'Sexus' and 'Plexus' the summer after I graduated from college. It cemented my decision to spurn any and all careers.''' ,'''I guess when I was younger, I'd have assumed that in 2008 music would be full of great writers following in the tradition of the young great writers of the '60s and '70s, but it hasn't turned out that way, or at least there are no other writers around that I look at and think: 'Wow, I'm outclassed, I need to get out of this business.'''' ,'''Piece by piece I sent my first book of poems to American Poetry Review and was rejected one by one.''' ,'''Ever since I was a little kid, I've always felt un-trusted.''' ,'''I guess on all Silver Jews records, it's extremely male-centric.''' ,'''People younger than me trust me. People my age do not. They think I'm up to something. And I've often felt this.''' ,'''Mostly i write on an unplugged Mustang or a Baby Taylor.''' ,'''Nashville only thrives when talented people from out of town move here from somewhere else.''' ,'''Bobby Braddock is great.''' ,'''In a lot of ways, I wouldn't be an artist in another time. I need to exist in a time where high and low art mix easily.''' ,'''All musicians should write poetry or at least read it if they want to improve their game. Except for people who believe lyrics don't matter.''' ,'''It's a Gen X thing to be okay with going unnoticed or unrated or untouched. To be free from strangers' expectations, or anger. People got angry at me when I stopped making music because it seemed I was devaluing everything.''' ,'''Allen Ginsburg was wrong about a lot of things, but especially when he said, 'First thought, best thought.'''' ,'''When art is about craftsmanship, then guys like me don't make it as artists.''' ,'''In the beginning, because of the Pavement thing, we were able to sell a certain amount of records. We were able to sell not such a great amount of records, but enough to live on. So there was no incentive to do what didn't come naturally.''' ,'''I am not only neither Christian nor Jewish, but said to be in between, and I feel the same way about being from the South and being from the North. I write with my left hand but I throw a ball with my right hand.''' ,'''There are enough really good love songs and I don't even know if I could write one if I tried.''' ,'''I hear luxury brand names, I cringe.''' ,'''I don't know if I actually respect other artists as people as much as I should. I look at their work as excellent data that feeds my mind as nature feeds my body.''' ,'''The rules changed for art around 1989. We were all loosed upon the canon to clip and paste and borrow and update. Only thing is, unless you were in New York or in a cultural studies program, that new paradigm probably wasn't going to sink in until the Internet arrived.''' ,'''I don't have time for language poetry anymore. I don't want to throw people off anymore.''' ,'''I don't have religion or culture. I don't have anything I can believe in when I'm really scared. When I play the songs, I feel the fear disappear.''' ,'''All my songs were made at the end of the neck, 'farmer's corner' chords.''' ,'''It must be very strange to live in the world of Willie Nelson or Bruce Springsteen or Pearl Jam. I don't know what kind of handle they have on their own loss of talent.''' ,'''My faith was undermined by the same sort of things that make people skeptics of religion in general. Part of it was, there was no real place for me in Judaism. Maybe if there was I would've hung in there, but I was attracted to the social-justice aspects of Judaism, and I was attracted to the prophets.''' ,'''My whole life I've tried to find the thing I can do that other people can't do, and invest in that, and the one thing I can do is write narratives and build characters. I can do that.''' ,'''I made records for 20 years, I lived off it. But people would say I made so many mistakes, I did so many things you're not supposed to do. I had a band name nobody could say. I didn't play live. I never practiced, I never got better at my instrument.''' ,'''I believe that intermittent live performance has cut short the writing lives of touring musicians.''' ,'''I mean, I wasn't fortunate enough to have ever experienced starting out with a band and sticking with them, so that would be interesting to me. People whose bands start out like that, when they break up it's always terrible.''' ,'''When you can't see you become very timid about space and moving. You become less aggressive and less tenacious. Lots of things that shouldn't be affected by vision really are. And you don't even know what they are until they become unstuck.''' ,'''I've never been a big movie person, but I used to watch movies regularly in my life, and sometime in the '90s I just stopped. I certainly never was an educated moviegover.''' ,'''Little Wooster, Ohio and gargantuan Dallas, Texas formed the municipal cocktail of my life up till age 18. That drab, weird little town and the glitzy big one shaped me for sure.''' ,'''Pragmatism and romance are sort of opposites.''' ,'''Silver Jews was always a coolection of old friends. Uncoolection.''' ,'''I want so many artists that I care about to go away and grow up, and have been amazed at how hard that is for some people to do.''' ,'''It frustrated me at college that all the acts in the Top 10 were like The Moody Blues and Phil Collins. It was like why did we get stuck with the last generation's music, why can't we have our own?''' ,'''When I was seven my parents divorced. My father went to Dallas. My mom fled to the shelter of my grandparents in a strange central Ohio town of 22,000, Wooster. When it looked like I was growing up to be a wimp I was forced to live with my father, which I did not want to do.''' ,'''If critics were harder on the musicians that they love, there would be better songs. But as they grow older and they lose their talent, critics refuse to let them know that and protect them, and they get to the point where they put out music that just isn't up to the levels where they've already been.''' ,'''The greatest thing about Nashville is that it's welcoming.''' ,'''I have bad vision, but it's not distorted. It's low power!''' ,'''I still believe in putting something out and not asking people to buy the record, then buy a ticket to my show and then buy a t-shirt and then a, like, copy of the show they just saw on CD. That's undignified to me.''' ,'''The world of commerce is a kind of a purgatory itself.''' ,'''Obviously there was the idea that we could sell more records if we played live, but I guess I didn't care enough to sell more records to do that.''' ,'''I take pride in the fact that I can walk away from things. My willingness to walk away has protected me, I realize that now. Being able to walk away from sessions, from poetry, from dreams of being a poetry professor.''' ,'''Some people like my singing. But it sounds like bad singing to a lot of other people.''' ,'''In the beginning, it was meant to be like a faceless art piece. Then I did the first record and it received enough notice to satisfy my needs. I questioned the procedure out of fear. The Silver Jews was never meant to be recreated live.''' ,'''I heard Springsteen was an unhappy person. I don't know, I haven't read his biography. But a lot of people in my field should be a lot more unhappy than they are.''' ,'''I don't have any desire to be in a relationship with anyone else, and I do feel like I'm on the other side of my career of being a Lothario.''' ,'''I'm not the type to demand affirmation or to worry that I'll be forgotten. I'm more the type to dare the world to forget me.''' ,'''I bought a guitar when I was twenty. But I didn't write a song until I was 25 or 26. I never learned to play others songs. I learned to play my own songs while I was learning how to make them better.''' ,'''I'm not a good singer.''' ,'''I've never done much to try to build an audience.''' ,'''Everything I write goes through a lot of drafts. A hundred rewrites is not unusual for me to go through - the last fifty maybe just going back and forth on a single line or word selection.''' ,'''My father is a despicable man.''' ,'''I've had to stop going to the nearest grocery store that seems to play Shania Twain's 'Forever and For Always' whenever I'm there. It's hard to shop for frozen entrees through cold-air blasted tears. Feels good on a flushed face though.''' ,'''Yeah, once the song is written, it just complexifies the profile of it to have the music and the words at odds. It comes naturally to me. A lot of my music is like that.''' ,'''When people tend to be happier they have more interest in the world around them.''' ,'''Intellectuals and creative people, once they start talking about God they get put into this other category: 'I don't go to people's music like that to understand my life.'''' ,'''I try every day and every night to find a movie or a TV show that I can watch, but I just can't make it past ten minutes of anything.''' ,'''I always had a background belief in God. In other words, instinctually I've never doubted that we are not alone.''' ,'''If they told me I couldn't leave the radius of six miles from my house, I really wouldn't care. There's nowhere I really want to go.''' ,'''The songs of mine that don't work, the ones that I wouldn't consider playing live for instance, fail to integrate their idiosyncracies. It's not that they fail because they're boring, but because they overreach.''' ,'''If I believed in fate I'd be very curious why I picked the name Silver Jews.''' ,'''I trust myself.''' ,]
+++