+++
author = "Christina Applegate"
title = "Christina Applegate Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Christina Applegate Quotes"
keywords = "christina applegate,christina applegate quotes,christina applegate quote,christina applegate sayings,christina applegate saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think maintaining relationships with my friends, my mother, my manager, they're all important.''' ,'''If you have insomnia, it's important to know you're not alone; there are millions of people also struggling with their sleep. Talk about what you're going through with others, including your doctor, and continue trying new things to help manage your insomnia.''' ,'''With a mammogram - as great as they are, and they do save a lot of lives - if you have very dense breasts, it really can't see if there is something in there. There are other tests, including an MRI, that can really go into the tissue and really see cell formation and hot spots, and that's what you want to see before it becomes a tumor.''' ,'''We're a 100-percent-organic house. My daughter is a vegetarian and practically vegan. That's her choice. That's how she eats. We're really conscious about what we buy.''' ,'''I used to be a stressed-out person. I'm not anymore. I try to find the lining in everything in life.''' ,'''My dream is to have a house on the beach, even just a little shack somewhere so I can wake up, have coffee, look at dolphins, be quiet and breathe the air.''' ,'''I don't have an Instagram or anything like that. I have Twitter for work and also to read my news.''' ,'''I started doing radio commercials for Kmart when I was 4. They had to splice all my consonants together because I couldn't talk very well. But these jobs helped my mother and me put food on the table. It took the two of us working.''' ,'''I got off on the fact that a guy would be so into me from the get-go without really knowing me. That's probably why I had so many bad relationships.''' ,'''For breakfast, I juice a big green juice, and I try to get in as much raw food and protein as I can, obviously plant proteins and legumes, but sometimes it's late at night, and there's a frozen pizza in there, and sometimes it's all you've got! You don't have the energy to chop up a bunch of vegetables.''' ,'''I go to frozen pizza or soy chicken nuggets when I need a five-minute meal.''' ,'''There are a lot of sacrifices a mother makes when she's raising a child by herself. I saw it when I was growing up, watching all my mother did for me. But it wasn't until recently that I fully understood the price she paid because of how we had to struggle.''' ,'''Always, ever since I was a little girl, my house has been basically a zoo.''' ,'''I've lived with insomnia for many years, but I'm making it a priority to address my sleep problems.''' ,'''I wasn't one to go out and buy a new car and stereo system and expensive clothes. My mom helped keep me grounded.''' ,'''I think it's sick that we even post pictures of people in their post-baby bodies or talk about it. It upsets me so much because not only does it make a woman feel bad if she hasn't lost all their baby weight, it's not realistic.''' ,'''The brain is such an incredible computer.''' ,'''I love Christmas. I really do love Christmas. I love being with my family and I love snow. I love the music and the lights and all of it.''' ,'''Every single kid in my group of friends at school was from a single-parent family.''' ,'''I'm a Sagittarius. We need things done now.''' ,'''The holidays are also a time when people freak out about their finances. If you don't want to spend the money, why not try some of the other options instead of killing a bunch of animals?''' ,'''We grow our own vegetables.''' ,'''Feeling alone while you're going through something actually exacerbates the symptoms of it.''' ,'''Everything I have has dog hair on it, and that's just the way it is.''' ,'''I guess I've kind of had an attitude my whole life.''' ,'''There was a time when I was like, 'I'm a dramatic actor,' 'I'm a comedian'... There's no line anymore. You have to be able to cross over.''' ,'''They make really great synthetic fur - you really don't need real fur. And it's cheaper, so why spend the money?''' ,'''I don't want to raise a child by myself. I could do it. But I definitely don't want to. I want to be a mother who has the original father there.''' ,'''My earliest memories were when my mom would put me in the plays that she was in because she couldn't afford a babysitter... she was part of this theater group.''' ,'''When I first came out about my breast cancer, I didn't want to talk about it, but I had to, because young women were getting it, and people weren't understanding that.''' ,'''I think another problem people have is they are always searching for that high, and they don't realize they can get that same high with that same person again.''' ,'''If something doesn't sit right with you, you got to say no.''' ,'''I'm a grown-up now, and I value the training I had.''' ,'''I have talked to women who do yoga, who are vegan, who have never smoked and/or never drank a day in their life, but they have Stage IV breast cancer. So you do what you can to be as healthy as you can if you know you're high-risk because yes, all those things can factor into that. But sometimes it's just a fluke.''' ,'''The person who I have my child with is going to be the right person.''' ,'''We have to really think about where our food is coming from. The hormones being put in the stuff we eat - all of that contributes to cancer.''' ,'''It's really fascinating stuff, the science of sleep. We don't think of it in terms of that, but it really is.''' ,'''I've been working since I was 13 completely straight without a break.''' ,'''It was not easy for my mother, being a struggling actress and raising a child. We were these two sort of vagabonds, never knowing where the money was going to come from. She always says she couldn't afford a babysitter, which is why she put me on the stage.''' ,]
+++