+++
author = "Stacy Martin"
title = "Stacy Martin Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Stacy Martin Quotes"
keywords = "stacy martin,stacy martin quotes,stacy martin quote,stacy martin sayings,stacy martin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was modeling while I was in university and my agency said, 'There's this fashion campaign, can you go?' And I didn't want to; I told him I wanted to focus on my acting, but I ended up going, kind of dragging my feet, and it turns out, the casting director for it was the casting director for Lars von Trier's new movie.''' ,'''I strongly believe film should create conversations around themes we are grappling with as a society.''' ,'''English youth is less politicised than French youth.''' ,'''I don't think that French women are less feminist. If you look at Simone de Beauvoir, she was French and she wrote one of the founding texts of feminism.''' ,'''In Prada I never feel I'm oozing a particular look, I'm just myself but a better version.''' ,'''I don't always eat breakfast. But if I do, I'll do an oatmeal in the winter or boiled eggs.''' ,'''OK, I don't love the red carpet... You arrive and all the photographers are shouting at you 'Smile!' I'm like: what, you want me to lift my leg and twirl? No.''' ,'''I probably shouldn't say this but I collect little souvenirs from dinner events or ceremonies. It can be a small spoon or a napkin from Clarence House.''' ,'''If you choose as a woman to work in cinema, the roles are smaller, not as diverse, and sometimes not as exciting. So when you try to have a conversation to say, 'This part is lacking in this or that,' or, 'I don't understand who this person is,' or, 'Why is she in this story?' people are very afraid of that.''' ,'''I think if you're about to lose someone and you're lucky not to, that bond intensifies because the notion of that is never gonna go away.''' ,'''For a long time when I was first starting out, I didn't have an agent, I hadn't really gone to many auditions... I was very unaware of how the industry worked so I didn't have the preconceptions or worries.''' ,'''I actually hate it when I forget to put on perfume. It's become a part of my routine and something that represents who I am. Not visually or vocally, it's another level. If I forget, it feels like some part of me is missing.''' ,'''For me, there's cinema, which I love and would fight for, and then there's also entertainment, and I see them as very, very different. But sure, I'd love to do a blockbuster. I can't wait for someone to tell me, 'Explosion, run!'''' ,'''People find it difficult to call Lars' movies feminist. But they're humanist movies because they show a woman going through life and being in really awful situations and going through hell, especially in films like 'Dogville' or 'Breaking the Waves,' but they stand their ground and they stay who they are, and I think that's empowering for anyone.''' ,'''I love going to the Tate Modern and I was really scared when they did the renovation and then I was so happy because they've done something really amazing there.''' ,'''When you try and appeal to the most people, you end up not actually making anything unique, because to be at the top of the charts I guess you have to do something quite bland so as to please as many people as possible.''' ,'''I feel like every piece of art is a mirror of what's going on in the present time, because the artist - a painter, a sculptor, a filmmaker - will be affected by what's around them, so it seeps into their work.''' ,'''I'm not good at eyeliner or doing a 'shadow' eye... I don't even know what it is actually called!''' ,'''Modeling was sort of a way to not work in a bar - it gave me time to really think about what I wanted to do, and things I liked and didn't like.''' ,'''I'm not the same person as when I was 15 and I might not be the same person in ten years.''' ,'''Every time I go back to Paris, I'm so amazed by how little makeup French women wear. The approach to beauty there is more of a natural 'who you are,' but with American beauty, you can have fun with who you are.''' ,'''It was great growing up with my dad as a hairdresser - you get free haircuts! We always had amazing shampoos, too, but I knew it wasn't my thing. I get too lazy to use them.''' ,'''That's the challenge as an actor. You put yourself in uncomfortable positions because that's your job. Otherwise, just stay home and watch TV.''' ,'''I've definitely had inappropriate comments. I've had a producer tell me: 'I'm thinking about you constantly.' He didn't say: 'I'm thinking about you for this project.' He said: 'I'm thinking of you constantly.' It's definitely inappropriate. You can't say that to an actor.''' ,'''People are threatened by female sexuality.''' ,'''My favorite thing is Tracie Martyn's Enzyme Exfoliant.''' ,'''There's so much pressure for actresses to constantly work or constantly be desired in terms of a value.''' ,'''I always thought, 'TV is very specific and I'm not really into that.' I was a bit too arrogant on that front.''' ,'''I'm the kind of person who will make sure everybody is OK.''' ,'''You know, why does a painter paint? You need to communicate, you need to challenge preconceived ideas.''' ,'''Normally, I only put on a little foundation and I think that's because I wear make-up for work so much. I am a big fan of mascara though.''' ,'''I have anxiety a lot of the time. Maybe it's not anxiety, maybe it's an adrenaline thing.''' ,'''I'm extremely grateful that a lot of my films are presented at festivals.''' ,'''As an actor, your body is an instrument.''' ,'''As a girl, the pressure on you to look a certain way is very high. I try to resist that scrutiny.''' ,'''I love a bit of pop music. I'm a big sucker for it.''' ,'''That pressure of shooting a fragrance campaign can be quite intense, because there's a lot of people involved and the stakes are quite high.''' ,'''I guess I get to make films and I love what I do, but there's also the downside of having to be constantly present and do a lot of press, and go to festivals and do the red carpet. And that's something that's more and more part of an actor's job.''' ,'''Sia's talent lies in her ability to really understand what pop is. And I think because she used to write for a lot of people, she understands different styles.''' ,'''I don't really wear any makeup.''' ,'''A painter has his brushes, a musician his instrument and as an actor you use your body.''' ,'''Deborah Francis-White makes everything better in my opinion.''' ,'''I tend to babble, which is quite bad.''' ,'''I think changing routine is something that actors like.''' ,'''I don't watch horror movies - they freak me out.''' ,'''I'm not worried about suddenly ending up in a city I don't know.''' ,'''I hate spending too much time idling around.''' ,'''People like to think of feminists as angry.''' ,'''With the art films I've done, you know, I got to work in a way that so few actors get to work in, people work years to get those kinds of opportunities.''' ,'''I know Paris is my hometown, but I would never say, 'Oh, I'm going home back to Paris.' Because we kept moving when I was a child, my home was just where I was at that moment.''' ,'''I'm not great in heels so I have to always choose the right pair which will keep me to the ground.''' ,'''Feminism is so subjective. Because of the generational divide, and because we're living in a completely different world than someone in Africa or even Scotland.''' ,'''I think I wanted to be a dog trainer or a ballerina. It always changes when you're a kid because you think you can do a million things.''' ,'''My dad really wanted to work in Tokyo and he made it happen. That's important in the way that I grew up. If my parents wanted to do something, then they would do it, and they always push me to try things, to not be afraid of changes and to go out in the world and not be bound by what we're supposed to do.''' ,'''I definitely pay attention to the choices I make. The type of films I enjoy making have directors who I enjoy watching. Ultimately it's as important to say 'no' as it is to say 'yes.' Saying 'no' is the thing that will ultimately lead you somewhere.''' ,'''Venice is unlike any other city simply because you travel primarily by boat. Time warps, and I love the feeling of it slowing down.''' ,'''Being in a new country, learning a new language - it isn't something that scares me.''' ,'''With 'Louis Wain,' it's a very eccentric film and we had an incredible time. I never thought that me, Sharon Rooney, Andrea Riseborough and Aimee Lou Wood would get to be in the same family. None of us are cat people though, which when you have 20 cats on set is hilarious.''' ,'''I did a degree in media and culture studies in London and moved there when I was eighteen from Paris.''' ,'''I avoid tea and especially coffee as it tends to give me anxiety.''' ,'''I always say I can only talk about what I know and the people I know.''' ,'''There's something about doing something very physical that makes you feel better afterward.''' ,'''Gena Rowlands has always inspired me for her fearlessness and talent.''' ,'''London gives you that freedom to... be you.''' ,'''When I'm working, I try not to crowd my hair with products. To wash, I use the Redken Strengthing Shampoo and Conditioner.''' ,'''I have never been paid equally to my male counterparts, and it's mainly because of bankability.''' ,'''Maybe I should be making more mainstream films if I want to get some money.''' ,'''I always wanted to have a diary growing up but was too lazy to commit to one.''' ,'''My whole beauty routine is super easy, actually. Anything that can set my day off as quickly and cleanly as possible, I guess.''' ,'''I have a very tight-knit group of people I call Brendas.''' ,'''I don't really make a lot of money from the films that I make.''' ,'''Once you finish a film you sort of go into depression mode because the energy shift is so strong. That's what happens to me anyway; I can't cope with the switch.''' ,'''The Night House' was a crazy shoot.''' ,'''Look, my job is making films.''' ,'''I was very anti-French everything for a very long time.''' ,'''I've really taken on the order the Japanese people have... They are so organised and I think I've definitely taken that, I like things to be ordered.''' ,'''To actually be independent financially was a big luxury. Modelling gave me an independence, it gave me responsibility. I didn't have to work at McDonald's. I could save up and choose the training that I wanted to do.''' ,'''When we talk about pay equality, I think we're misunderstanding where the problem lies.''' ,'''It's strange just to see how quickly a set can change.''' ,'''I'd love to do the kind of film where you have to learn jiu jitsu or something like that. I think that would be quite nice.''' ,'''Culturally we're shown an impossible fantasy of how women should present themselves, how they should behave with men.''' ,'''People don't normally just say, 'Do you want to come and audition for one of your favorite directors?'''' ,'''There are a lot of arrogant men in the entertainment industry. You know there is abuse of power.''' ,'''Being an actress is not about waddling around grinning on demand.''' ,'''I like jeans, jumpers and coats - anything that is cosy.''' ,'''I use a Kiehl's spray when I fly. Your skin gets so dry on a plane. And I always have to have a little glass of wine. I'm French! I have to. It's part of my life.''' ,'''The Miu Miu world is a very daring, fun and curious one that encourages and nurtures artists to develop who they are and what they do.''' ,'''I feel good exercising but I'm not a fanatic either.''' ,'''Photography can be a way into worlds and memories that words sometimes fail to convey.''' ,'''I love BioTherm and my Clarins moisturizer. I also use Eau Precieuse, which means 'precious water.' It's a toner. Everyone calls it a 'granny product,' because it's so old, and no one uses it anymore. But it has always been a part of my routine, so I always have to use it.''' ,'''I loved acting classes, but it was very low key. Never a job job.''' ,'''I grew up in Paris and in Japan. My parents didn't have any kind of glamorous jobs or anything - it just happened. We moved a lot and wanted to go to Tokyo, so we did it. They were never afraid to give up on the present and move on.''' ,'''I used to have a fear of singing. It was something I never really liked very much.''' ,'''I'd love to work with any director who has their own artistic vision, their own stamp, and who believes in that.''' ,'''We glamorise violence as much as we do celebrity. I think the two are intrinsically linked now and that's quite scary.''' ,'''I have a lot of cousins, but no siblings.''' ,'''We're humans and we can't control life and that's very scary.''' ,'''Don't dye your hair... I've never dyed it.''' ,'''Nicole Garcia has always portrayed characters in a very human and complex way.''' ,'''I want to work until I'm old and wrinkled.''' ,]
+++