+++
author = "Victor Banerjee"
title = "Victor Banerjee Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Victor Banerjee Quotes"
keywords = "victor banerjee,victor banerjee quotes,victor banerjee quote,victor banerjee sayings,victor banerjee saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Dr. Aziz is a very deep and meaty part, a gift part for any actor.''' ,'''If 'Passage' works, then maybe they will ask me to play James Bond; if not, then I will play the villain.''' ,'''At a time when the Nation is becoming a more parochial concept, Tagore's view of a liberal, open and a nation without borders and boundaries can give us hope and inspiration.''' ,'''Age isn't an attraction. Imagination is.''' ,''''Apne' was a disaster. Anil Sharma hired me for three months, but it took a year-and-a-half.''' ,'''Bollywood offers great opportunities to actors who are willing to try out different kinds of roles.''' ,'''I can spend a part of every month in Kolkata. The rest of the time I can be in Mussourie.''' ,'''I am drawn more towards Russian films owing to their compelling camera work, because of my own inclination towards cinematography.''' ,'''While representing violence on screen, some directors tend to gloss over it while others glamorize it.''' ,'''There's no such thing as an easy role. Every part, you take it lightly and it will get screwed.''' ,'''Democracy in a socialist country is freedom in chains.''' ,'''Really, I've had enough of fame. Now I just want money.''' ,'''My wife Maya Bhate is from Pune. My daughters Diya and Keya, and I, are regular visitors to the city, since her family is based here.''' ,'''Bollywood is a cancer.''' ,'''I can play lots of nationalities: Greeks, South Americans, Arabs, all sorts.''' ,'''I want to settle down in Mussorie. I'm in love with the Himalaya.''' ,'''I was so happy when grown men cried watching my performance with my screen son Sanjay Suri in 'My Brother Nikhil.'''' ,'''I grew up in the North-East so identifying with mountain people - their simplicity and honesty - comes naturally to me. I even call myself an honorary Garhwali.''' ,'''I badly wanted to play Dr. Aziz but I knew I wasn't going to get it. I didn't go to be interviewed until I finally was forced to by the director I was working with in Calcutta. I thought, they aren't going to give me that part. I didn't want to go there and be told I wasn't good enough, or that I didn't suit the part.''' ,'''I'm very proud of my performance in 'Bow Barracks Forever.' This was one of my most enjoyable experiences.''' ,'''People believe I am selective. I am not. Directors pick me, not I them.''' ,'''When Western filmmakers look for an Indian they want him to play a snake charmer, a chauffeur or a peanut vendor.''' ,'''The Calcutta public accepted me and put me where I am. I will always be grateful to them.''' ,'''To this day my father cringes when he has to tell friends, 'My son's a movie actor.'''' ,'''The Himalayas make you insignificant. When you are trekking in the mountains of the Himalayas and finally you reach the top exhausted and completely wiped out; you look down and you see nothing. For hundreds of miles you see just hills, mountains and mist; when you look up from your sleeping bag at night you can see just stars.''' ,'''I got 'Jogger's Park' perhaps because one fellow Bengali Sachin Bhowmick, who's the writer of the movie, recommended my name. Then Ram Gopal Varma was kind enough to offer me a role in 'Bhoot.'''' ,'''Both Ram Gopal Varma and Subhash Ghai are great directors and it was a great experience working with them.''' ,'''Street food has always made life and living in Calcutta so much more easy and attractive.''' ,'''I was born a Hindu, I shall die a Hindu.''' ,'''Commercial Bengali movies are all crass imitation of Telugu and Tamil movies. There are only a handful of directors like Rituparno Ghosh, Aparna Sen and Gautam Ghose who make quality films.''' ,'''I have acted in 'Unfreedom' and I know that I will be there in 'Ayodhya.'''' ,'''I'm a person who believes in rules.''' ,'''I have said a lot of 'yeses' to lots of first-time film-makers. Lots, lots, lots. I admire them a lot, I respect them a lot. It is of greatest pride to be working with someone's first film - like being given a Nobel Prize or an Oscar.''' ,'''My heart belongs to the Dimasa people and to the people of the northeast.''' ,'''The rich have lots of money. The wealthy have lots of time. I've done enough to have lots of time today to watch sunrises and get drenched in the rain.''' ,'''When I was a young man, it was very fashionable not to have the sacred thread ceremony, and among very respectable families, mind you. As a rebel, I decided to do it.''' ,'''One of the greatest attributes most Hindus have is acceptance.''' ,'''I've reached a stage and an age in my career where I need to do work that keeps me economically and emotionally comfortable. And for that I need to get into spaces that don't require me to make too many compromises with my beliefs as an an actor.''' ,'''I had the most amazing childhood in the natural surroundings of Assam.''' ,'''Tamilians, I believe, are the most intelligent people.''' ,'''If you watch some movies, it would appear that India has free gun license like the U.S.''' ,'''Bengali serials are far superior than their Mumbai counterparts.''' ,'''Whenever I go to deliver lectures in IAS academies, colleges and schools, I always try to bring in the northeast. It may be the bamboo of Mizoram or the various beautiful tribal cultures of Misings or Bodos.''' ,'''We Bengalis are querulous, arrogant, oversensitive and far, far too emotional. We cry too often and laugh too hard. We wave our passions like bright flags. Calcutta is our city.''' ,'''Everybody is a film critic today, just like everybody who has a DSLR or a mobile phone is a photographer today. But, a saturation point will come some day.''' ,'''Tagore almost invented the term multiculturalism. It's good to see it taking form.''' ,'''It was a wonderful childhood. They spoiled me rotten.''' ,'''The Dimasa people are one of the gentlest people I have come across. They are wonderful people.''' ,'''My father was a well-known sportsperson during his time. He brought me up under strict discipline like the ex-Armyman that he was.''' ,'''First of all, we need to condemn violence and terror without prejudice towards caste, creed or community. All citizens of all religions have been victims and perpetrators at the some time.''' ,'''I loved working with Ram Gopal Varma in 'Bhoot.' Surprisingly, he remembered my earlier performances and narrated them to me frame by frame when we met for the first time.''' ,'''We north-easterners are less manipulative and less complex and people living there are much happier than the rest of the country.''' ,'''The worst thing is that filmmaking is an expensive medium and money corrupts cinema right at the beginning.''' ,'''I've been involved with disability activities for over 40 years. I have done programs with several disabled children and involving them makes the performance genuinely heartwarming.''' ,'''Our armed forces, not our parliament of dunces, are our pride. Doubting our armed forces' integrity and honesty is a disgraceful travesty.''' ,'''I always like science fiction.''' ,'''Make it compulsory that at least four weeks in a year the theaters have to screen local films and let them choose the time. That's how you have to encourage the industry.''' ,'''I was very fortunate I was able to live at least a few years of my life in the tort of opulent Victorian era. It helps romanticize your view of life.''' ,'''I have to keep the kitchen running, so I can't stop acting in commercial films.''' ,'''We all mouth the fact that material possessions don't make you happy but we still pursue them.''' ,'''I am a card holder of Uttarakhand. I fought for their freedom.''' ,'''I never watch my own films.''' ,'''Hollywood represents a great deal of security for my family, and that is what I've come in search of.''' ,'''Hindi commercial cinema has denigrated women. We owe a debt of ingratitude to Bollywood for having insidiously polluted our culture covertly.''' ,'''The floors were so sparkling clean you could eat off them. But we only ate off silver. Our grapes were imported from Persia. When my mother married, 10 English sergeants guarded her gifts of jewelry.''' ,'''I don't know if I am confident about my art, but I certainly am committed to it.''' ,'''I have always admired the Russian cinema, their incisive storytelling, sharp camera work and brilliant acting in them. Indian filmmakers can learn a lot from it.''' ,'''I am quite excited to play the role of Tagore.''' ,'''My opinion of our Parliamentarians is shared by all of us who are victims of governors who have ruled over us selfishly.''' ,'''I think I needed to move on from Bengal.''' ,'''I loved Peter Sellers whenever he played an Indian.''' ,'''You know, the last time America sensationalized an actor from India, the man died a poor, miserable soul: He was Sabu, the elephant boy. He came here and was the toast of Hollywood. And he just went back to India and died a pauper.''' ,'''We see so much violence in films, whether it is Bollywood or south films. People are shown blowing up each other onscreen. It's like a seed that is planted and you keep feeding it with small doses. It's cancerous and does affect society.''' ,'''My connection to Dima Hasao has been very old. As a child I used to visit the place and have always been mesmerized by its breathtaking beauty.''' ,'''Playing an Anglo Indian was very easy for me because I have grown up in Kolkata, and I have many Anglo Indian friends.''' ,'''My father was a tea planter and I grew up in different parts of Assam as his job took him there.''' ,'''David Lean is very, very easy to get on with.''' ,'''I personally think our national anthem is not patriotic enough. There is another poem by Dwijendralal Ray called 'Dhono Dhanne Pushpe Bhora,' which is more soul-stirring as a national anthem.''' ,'''When I don't have the time to be in the Himalayas, I am in Bombay, Los Angles or N.Y. or Paris or wherever.''' ,''''As The River Flows' is an important Assamese film with a message for everybody to ponder upon.''' ,'''Creating one unified body in addressing the issue of disability will help the disabled.''' ,'''I find peace in the forests and mountains.''' ,'''Perhaps it is that great suffering is necessary to produce great art.''' ,'''It is pitiful working in the industry and I see the flaws all the time. Though, if I have to watch something, then I prefer either horror or comedy because I don't know how those genres really work.''' ,'''Bachchan is the luckiest man on earth. No one knows the nuance of the Hindi language or can incorporate elements from stage on to the Hindi cinema the way he does.''' ,'''There are quality films being made in all languages, whether in Hindi cinema, Bengali or the south. Bollywood doesn't represent Indian cinema, per say.''' ,'''I live in Mussoorie. I love my birds and Himalayas. There is always a new mountain to climb and mountains keep coming to me.''' ,'''I carry too much baggage... the baggage of David Lean, Satyajit Ray, Shyam Benegal.''' ,'''If you are not taught Tagore in school, your association is limited to reciting the National Anthem.''' ,'''It's one thing to be chosen to play Dr. Aziz, but to play Christ, which is traditionally regarded as a blond and blue-eyed part, was a great thing.''' ,'''I am delighted that young filmmakers want me in their films. They have open minds and a fresh take on old attitudes. I derive a lot of energy from them. Most of all, I find their love and respect utterly disarming.''' ,'''As for 'Jogger's Park,' it was refreshing to work with Anant Balani. As a director he's cool as a cucumber.''' ,'''Sometimes I am surprised by the kind of roles that are offered to me.''' ,'''I think Rajinikanth is the biggest Indian star. While others do facelifts and wear wigs, he gets paid three times more than any Bollywood star and even gives interviews where he is bald!''' ,'''The relationship between Victoria Ocampo and Tagore is something every Bengali has heard about and there is a mystery attached to it. This mystery is enough to attract an actor.''' ,'''An actor must have the sincerity to what he is doing. So you can't take things lightly, you have to be serious every time.''' ,'''I don't market myself too well. I just get odd offers once in a while.''' ,'''With age you tend to become intolerant and it becomes difficult to give your best in trying circumstances.''' ,''''Kalyug' and 'A Passage to India' did get me a lot of recognition and acclamation. But for some reason I stopped getting offers from Bollywood after that.''' ,'''My mortal Guru was my Irish-Christian brother who taught me how to do everything and gave me my moral values. My spiritual Guru are my parents.''' ,]
+++