+++
author = "Henry Golding"
title = "Henry Golding Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Henry Golding Quotes"
keywords = "henry golding,henry golding quotes,henry golding quote,henry golding sayings,henry golding saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Constance Wu is so dedicated, Anna Kendrick is ridiculously funny, and Blake Lively is magnetic.''' ,'''The joy of tasting different cultures is it gives you a broad perspective, and you don't judge people from stereotypical characters you see in films.''' ,'''When you're in a seat getting your hair done, there's this instant trust.''' ,'''I don't want to get stuck in romantic comedy.''' ,'''When I watch a movie, I want to be taken away into worlds that are beyond my imagination.''' ,'''I'm here to carve out a strong career in the leading-man space.''' ,'''The only reason I left the salon was really to chase these dreams of either being an MTV host or a travel host. I loved the idea of doing something fun and interesting for a living, and that is what got me over to Malaysia.''' ,'''Jon Chu is an absolute genius with his story-weaving.''' ,'''My background is in broadcast television - I used to be a travel host for BBC, Discovery, and National Geographic.''' ,'''I want to tell amazing stories that inspire, that bring you out of your reality, give you dreams to be bigger and better than yourself. Hopefully, I can be that conduit.''' ,'''Jon M. Chu is one of the most creative, convincing humans you'll ever meet.''' ,'''I've lived 16, 17 years of my life in Asia, and that's most of my life. I was born in Asia - I've lived cultures that are synonymous with Asian culture - but it's still not Asian enough for some people.''' ,'''A lot of people say, 'I gotta win my awards.' I just wanna make great movies.''' ,'''Making something the norm is the only way of not making it a talking point.''' ,'''I'm really up for the challenge physically to go into sci-fi action, thinking-man's action.''' ,'''You could say mixed-race Eurasians have the exact same struggles as a character like Rachel Chu has had: not feeling at home in supposedly their motherland; not being white enough; not being Asian enough.''' ,'''I was born in the jungles of Borneo.''' ,'''I was raised on Hong Kong movies with Asian stars, so I'm still learning about Hollywood underrepresenting certain people.''' ,'''I'm definitely more Asian than a lot of people who have never been to Asia. But by blood and by race, they instantly say I deserve to be Asian. I've worked really hard to be Asian, and I think I'm Asian enough.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of old Hollywood.''' ,'''Some people don't even say hello. They come up and say, 'Can I take your picture?' and I'm, like, 'Why?' And they say, 'Oh, you're that guy.' And I'm, like, 'Why do you want a photo of me if you don't even know my name?'''' ,'''In 'Crazy Rich Asians,' Singapore will be seen as it should be seen, without CGI, without the altering of the images to be more Chinese - a representation of Singapore as we know it and love it.''' ,'''Being able to work on a film like 'Crazy Rich Asians' as your first role is phenomenal.''' ,'''I feel more Asian than anything.''' ,'''I can manage it if I don't make it in Hollywood. I've got nothing to lose, which is the great thing. There's no pressure.''' ,'''I was very lucky: a lot of people go through the college system not knowing what they want to do. Thankfully my parents were very supportive of my choices and pretty much gave me free reign.''' ,'''I was a hairstylist in London up until the age of 21, working in Sloane Square.''' ,'''You can hit the proverbial roof at certain areas in the industry unless you venture out. And I never really set out in my career to stay in one place. I wanted to go out and try new things. Luckily, I've had that opportunity.''' ,'''You own your identity; it is important to feel that way.''' ,'''I was one of three kids of colour in our school. There was a young black brother and sister, and me. So we stood out.''' ,'''I loved early Paul Newman films. He just had this effortless charm.''' ,'''I've been a huge Cartier fan from my very early days.''' ,'''I've lived more than half my life in Asia.''' ,'''That freaks me out more than anything, the repercussions of success in this industry.''' ,'''We've all been that young love, trying to impress the in-laws or having these crazy cousins that we're related to by blood - we can't choose them as sort of friends, but they're there.''' ,'''I get along so well with my wife's mom.''' ,'''Every one of us at some point in our lives has had the struggle with identity.''' ,'''I learned in life from a very young age that I soaked in a lot more from people that I respected and could learn from rather than a textbook.''' ,'''You can have Asians being leading men that are sex symbols. You can have leading women powering through.''' ,'''I know a little bit of fisticuffs.''' ,'''Asian men are sexy, confident, and passionate - and three-dimensional. We want the opportunity to portray roles that reflect who we are in real life.''' ,'''I'm super confident in who I am.''' ,'''People look to cinema to spread the word and to tell these wonderful, outrageous stories or true-to-life documentaries.''' ,'''Sometimes life throws you a shortcut. You either take it, or you continue the way you were going.''' ,'''Everybody's had problems with their family. Everybody's had the pressures of finding the right love or not loving the right person because other people say so.''' ,'''There was a stage when I was a little embarrassed about my Asian upbringing.''' ,'''There was always a struggle with being Asian and not being Asian enough. It's going to be down to me to own my race.''' ,'''I'm going to be testing waters in all genres.''' ,'''Movies were the one thing that I loved my entire life. So I always knew that I wanted to get into acting - I just didn't know when.''' ,'''Ang Lee - he is amazing. I think doing a film with him would be breathtaking.''' ,'''There's so many places, personally, that I would love as a film fan to explore.''' ,'''I feel so much more connected with my Asian side than I do with my British side - of course, I'm proud of my British side.''' ,''''Crazy Rich Asians' and 'A Simple Favor' were each a master class in filmmaking, and I had so much fun working with all my costars.''' ,'''Timeless wearability has always appealed to me.''' ,'''I'm rather conservative when it comes to what I wear.''' ,'''Growing up in Malaysia, there wasn't really a problem with representation. We saw faces like ours on screen because Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore, China and Hong Kong all have their own film markets. It was only until I went back to the U.K. when I realized, 'Where did all these faces go?'''' ,'''I grew up in Asia. I was born in Asia.''' ,'''If you're looking for longevity, you have to be a hard worker.''' ,'''I always knew I wanted to act, but I never knew when and what would be the right time.''' ,'''I don't believe in having regrets.''' ,'''An action movie, a sci-fi action movie, would be my favourite thing in the world to do.''' ,'''I keep telling everybody with pride that my first-ever timepiece was a Cartier.''' ,'''It was quite strange that people were saying I wasn't Asian enough. It's like, 'Oh, you're not Asian enough to play an Asian role.' So what does that mean for people who come from mixed heritage? I grew up in Asia; I'm Malaysian.''' ,'''I don't want to be defined as the Asian leading man. I want to be the leading man. Henry Golding.''' ,'''I'm, like, an Internet fiend. I will research anything and everything that pops into my head.''' ,'''When it comes to Eurasians, are we not allowed to embrace either one of our cultures we feel more attached to? Or decide within ourselves that I am Asian and I am proud to be Asian?''' ,'''YouTube is my university.''' ,'''There's no real test of how Asian you need to be to be able to own your Asianness, and it's always going to be an area of contention.''' ,'''I always have three or four suits; there's always an engagement to wear something from a suit.''' ,'''Bali is the sort of place where you can walk down the street and find something picturesque.''' ,'''You can try to justify how Asian you are, but you're never going to make everybody happy.''' ,'''Luckily, I've got a great wife who keeps me in check, who keeps me grounded.''' ,'''Hugo Boss is one of those brands that fits me perfectly.''' ,'''Travel opens eyes and perspectives.''' ,'''I've got so much respect for 'Bond.' It's such an iconic cultural behemoth. I love the whole story - Ian Fleming's stories are amazing.''' ,'''We had a very strict upbringing.''' ,'''You need to take pride in where you're from.''' ,'''There are some sour people out there, but we should be getting together and fighting for something bigger rather than Asians against Asians.''' ,'''When the success of 'Crazy Rich' hit, it's like everybody knows exactly who you are, and the way that they speak to you is different. I've stayed the same throughout. It's just people's perception of you changes.''' ,'''The fact is, I'm half-British, half-Malaysian. For an Asian who's grown up in America to be commenting on how Asian I am when they've never left America... does that make them more or less Asian than me?''' ,'''Singapore is one of the greatest places in the world.''' ,'''The one thing that I learned very young was to own my identity. And, I knew, I'm Asian through and through. There's nothing I needed to prove.''' ,'''I've been to every single Asian country apart from Myanmar, on work, listening to human interest stories, giving me a broad outlook on all Asian cultures.''' ,'''Never feeling really at home in any one country is always challenging. You realise that you have to lean on yourself and to own it.''' ,'''Bali is one of those places you can just keep going back to, and everything is there: the infrastructure, the culture, the art, the beautiful villas. My wife Liv and I go there quite often because we know that when we do arrive, it's like an instant holiday.''' ,'''I just couldn't live without other cultures' cuisines.''' ,'''I'm half English - and it has been highlighted by people who tell me that I'm not Asian enough.''' ,'''Hollywood had a history of whitewashing and not representing.''' ,'''I'm neither half white nor half Asian. I'm full both.''' ,'''I've lived so many different Asian cultures.''' ,'''A well-fitted suit is something that never goes wrong.''' ,'''Kids are ruthless.''' ,'''That leading-man expectation is, sadly, to have all these rippling muscles.''' ,'''I would love to be in 'Star Wars.'''' ,'''Michelle Yeoh is the biggest amazing female Asian star in the universe.''' ,'''I have an obscene fascination with cats... It's kind of embarrassing. But they're so cute.''' ,'''No one knows the three-dimensional story of who I am. Or anyone is.''' ,'''I would love to be in a Bond movie.''' ,]
+++