+++
author = "Bob The Drag Queen"
title = "Bob The Drag Queen Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Bob The Drag Queen Quotes"
keywords = "bob the drag queen,bob the drag queen quotes,bob the drag queen quote,bob the drag queen sayings,bob the drag queen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''After drag, I remove lashes, then remove most makeup with a Ponds Moisture Clean Exfoliating Towelette. If I don't have a moist one on the road, I will use a dried-out makeup wipe by rewetting it with water.''' ,'''Everyone loves good dressing room drama. But nothing beats main stage drama!''' ,'''For me, it was really important to immerse myself in the New York nightlife drag scene and become an integral part of that community.''' ,'''Drag went from being referential to being the reference, which is crazy.''' ,'''I have to get my stuff made custom if I want my gown to touch the floor, my sleeves to touch my wrist.''' ,'''I'm used to people being irritated by me. I'm like, girl, whatever. Be irritated. I'm gonna live my dream.''' ,'''I listen to 'This American Life,' 'Serial,' 'S-Town,' 'Feast of Fun.' I listened to 'What's the Tee?' And that has really helped me throughout my entire drag career - podcasts have been a mainstay in my life as a drag artist.''' ,'''I think if you want to drag, you'll figure it out.''' ,'''Well, I got into the business to make people laugh and to entertain people. I've always loved the idea that I could make someone happy and help someone really enjoy their day.''' ,'''It can be hard to be your truest self on a virtual screen; it's definitely not the stage I'm used to.''' ,'''When I first started traveling for gigs, I knew I wanted to create some online content.''' ,'''Honestly, drag queens are embedded within every part of queer culture.''' ,'''When I got the phone call that I was going to be on 'Drag Race' I thought I was going to win. I thought I was going to win 'Drag Race' before I was even cast. I'm not even being funny. I'm being serious.''' ,'''You can celebrate pride, by lifting up what Black queer people have given us.''' ,'''That's what Pride really is: A chance for people who are extremely queer to feel, once-a-year, extremely normal.''' ,'''My mom was one of the moms who was like, 'You are so handsome why aren't you modeling? I am handsome, but model... let's not get crazy.''' ,'''My first time in drag was at Pride. I'm a Pride queen. It was a disaster. The short answer is that you can do it, but you're going to create a drag faux-pas. Do not, I repeat, do not wear high heels to Pride. Don't do it. It's not worth it. Just don't do it to yourself, honey.''' ,'''Activism doesn't always mean laying in the streets and getting arrested and shouting 'hell no, we won't go' at the top of your lungs.''' ,'''My mother went through a phase in her life where she... stopped being queer for religious reasons. I remember, my mother rebuking her sexuality... Queerness was not okay. She basically just said it wasn't okay for her... This is what, in my experience, religion can do to a queer person.''' ,'''I am pansexual as I actually remember also being attracted to women as well and thinking that maybe this like, thing where I was attracted to men was just like some weird phase or if it was something I could just ignore. My mom is queer and I have a queer uncle. So, I wasn't completely, you know, shielded from queer representation.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of World of Wonder in general. They really are the queens of queer culture.''' ,'''I love how Americans are like, 'I'm just going to get up and move!' That's not how the world works. You don't get to just get up and move to Canada.''' ,'''Sometimes I write for other drag queens.''' ,'''My drag mom is YouTube. I learned everything I wanted to learn. You can learn anything on YouTube.''' ,'''We talk race relations, gender politics, about what's actually happening here in America... Winning 'Drag Race,' has allowed me to amplify that.''' ,'''I've been a drag queen in public for a while now.''' ,'''My Blackness, my queerness, my gayness, my inability to shut the hell up - these are all things that have really worked for me.''' ,'''The process of going on 'Drag Race' is, in my opinion, more than a fiscal investment. It's cultural. It's the 'Game of Thrones' of reality TV.''' ,'''I was raised in Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi. And I think that has practically everything to do with, you know, my formative years. I'm also black. So, this is what we're talking about, intersectionality, right? I'm also queer. And I'm also non-binary. And I think all these cultures have contributed to every essence of my being.''' ,'''Mourning doesn't always mean zen, mourning doesn't always mean somber, mourning can just be a celebration of a life of people. It's not always about wearing black and listening to a Sarah McLachlan song.''' ,'''I'm basic. If it's Sia, I'm gonna like it. Her voice is great. She's ruining her voice though, the way she sings.''' ,'''I do think the issue with trans lives - especially in the Black community - doesn't necessarily lie within racism, but it does lie within prejudice and misogyny, specifically trans-misogyny.''' ,'''My whole life I've been purse first.''' ,'''I make fun of a lot of stuff I shouldn't make fun of.''' ,'''Ben Nye is bussin'. Bussin'! It is genuinely great makeup, but because people think that it's just for plays, they don't consider it.''' ,'''You don't get to tell people why they can't be offended. That's not how that works.''' ,'''I went to school for acting. I am from the theater, darling.''' ,'''I clean up real nice.''' ,'''It is interesting because even if you are great, and phenomenal, and talented, if you aren't easy to work with, no one is going to want to work with you. That's just the way it is.''' ,'''I drink coffee for the taste, because if I want energy I'll just chug a Red Bull or something.''' ,'''If queer people are nothing, we are strong.''' ,'''Sometimes I'm happy, sometimes I'm sad.''' ,'''It is a known fact that RuPaul's dresses are in two chunks. Sometimes she'll work the runway and take off all of her padding and put on some sweatpants and Ugg slippers and walk around the studio.''' ,'''I actually really love the taste of a very sugary coffee; I'm one of those folks who is like, 'I would like a little coffee with my creamer.'''' ,'''For me, I think it's important to spread Black queer joy and acknowledge Black queer excellence and the achievements that have been made by my people, specifically meaning Black queer people.''' ,'''I love keeping busy.''' ,'''People like Donald Trump because he embodies the things that they have in themselves that they don't want to say. He's racist.''' ,'''I produce content for a few people, actually, between Peppermint and Marti Gould Cummings and different local queens in New York City.''' ,'''I felt that society had told me out loud clearly and in no unclear terms, that there were several aspects of my personality, my life, my body, and my existence that were quite worthless. And then I found a community that said, 'No, girl. You're actually nailing it. All these things are great.'''' ,'''I hate the term 'the future of drag.' It's so silly.''' ,'''Queer clubs are safe spaces because no one's judging you for what the rest of the world is judging you for there.''' ,'''Tidicue is not my real last name. It's just T-D-Q, as in 'The Drag Queen.'''' ,'''I've been in small towns everywhere from the U.K. to Alabama.''' ,'''When I auditioned for 'RuPaul's Drag Race,' I said I'm gonna get on 'RuPaul's Drag Race,' I'm gonna win it and it won't be the most impressive thing I've ever done.''' ,'''Trinity Taylor and Ginger Minj both went on one of these big roast tours where the comedians all make fun of each other and I wrote their sets for that. Sometimes I help Monet X Change punch up jokes for her show, 'The X Change Rate.' I don't charge Monet because she's my best friend.''' ,'''Not living in fear is a form of activism.''' ,'''Drag music is music. And it's okay for me to call it drag music because for me that has value.''' ,'''Girl, it costs money to make content, so it should cost money to consume. If you want it, you should have to pay for it. That's life.''' ,'''We paint small town America with a really broad stroke. There's a lot more nuance to these towns than, I think, the world knows.''' ,'''I was really afraid to do one of those shows where like, gays go and make straight people's lives better and then they leave town.''' ,'''No one told me that if you can't sing, you probably won't be on Broadway. No one told me that!''' ,'''If you had a friend going through a lot, you wouldn't give them a hard time for going through it. You'd be like, it's ok you're going through it. So offer yourself the same grace and dignity that you'd offer to others.''' ,'''I'm not a singer, but I do have a creative mind.''' ,'''Not only does the title 'We're Here' highlight the fact that me, Shangela, and Eureka are here, but we as a queer community, we were already here. We were already existing in your space before these drag queens showed up with a big purse bus.''' ,'''I've always been a very political person, I didn't want to become something I didn't believe in.''' ,'''Sometimes being your most authentic self involves accepting others for who they are.''' ,'''You know, people come up to me saying, 'Watching you gave me the courage to come out to my parents,' or, 'I watched you and I decided to start doing drag,' or, people will just come up and say, 'It's you.' Like they can't even form sentences because they're crying because they're seeing someone they admired on television.''' ,'''Listen, there is no equality without the loss of power. Someone is going to have to lose power. That is really uncomfortable for some people to actually think about, but in order for marginalized people to gain power, white, cisgender, straight, people are going to have to lose some and that's just how it is.''' ,'''When I'm getting ready, I listen to Celine Dion's live version of 'I'm Alive,' where she keeps talking to everyone throughout the whole thing.''' ,'''I did not spend a lot of money. I realistically spent maybe, maybe $3,000 to go on 'Drag Race.'''' ,'''People pull from drag culture because drag artists are - it's the ultimate art form and it's the last underdog art form. I mean, even clowns have college, you know what I mean? Drag queens, you have to learn drag from another drag queen.''' ,'''I have watched Peppermint for years and I know how smart and clever and funny she can be with a lip-sync.''' ,'''I've never been a straight guy, but it certainly seems that being one is exhausting. Every part of a straight guy's day is somehow related to him letting people know that he's straight.''' ,'''A gay bar is absolutely a sanctuary and a safe house. It's the place where you feel welcome.''' ,'''The point of pride is to go out and celebrate life, including the lives of those who fought for us to get where we are.''' ,'''I do my best to surround myself with queer people. I don't go to straight bars and it's quite frankly because I don't feel comfortable there.''' ,'''RuPaul's Drag Race' is truly people telling their own stories. It's an amazing show.''' ,'''No one lives their lives not making jokes about things.''' ,'''Confidence has not always been something I had in my whole life. But when I found it? Man you don't have to be confident in every area of your life. Just grab something you're confident about, and if you coast on that it'll spill over to other areas in your life. Confidence is contagious, you know?''' ,'''I have a direct hand in the queer zeitgeist, and what I'm putting out there has to be something I'm proud of.''' ,'''The majority of my life is not competing on 'RuPaul's Drag Race,' so if anything, that was unusual.''' ,'''It's okay to say you're doing well in the time of tragedy.''' ,'''We live in a world where people want everything to be free.''' ,'''When I was younger I used to make wallets and purses out of newspaper and I would give them out to people.''' ,'''I don't listen to Drake. That's not a shade to Drake. I don't know who Drake is for, but it's not for me.''' ,'''For me, success doesn't feel weird; it feels right. When I wasn't on TV, I was like, this is the weird part.''' ,'''My dad's name is 'The Drag Queen.'''' ,'''I like to, you know, add a little bit of my expression into my coffee - I was really doing French Vanilla for a minute, but I realized that the International Delight Caramel Macchiato: She's the girl for me.''' ,'''The movie where me and Leslie Jones play siblings will manifest at some point in time.''' ,'''There's a narrative that anyone who goes out and chooses a family must have been thrown to the curb and stomped down to the ground by their families at home. That's not always the case, but sometimes you just need love from people who have extremely similar experiences.''' ,'''If you need help with your mental health do not seek drag as a therapy, go to your therapist.''' ,'''If you look back at old Captain America comic strips, he used to fight Nazis, you know? The American ideal is standing up and saying, 'No, that is not the status quo, and we will not accept that.'''' ,'''I'm home maybe five days a month, but they're never next to each other.''' ,'''Dreams really do come true, which sounds so cheesy but it's really true.''' ,'''Just because you have a chosen family doesn't mean that your family threw you out.''' ,'''We need more Black, cisgender straight men to be willing to come out and say: 'I stand with Black trans people.'''' ,'''I don't scare very easily.''' ,'''I always wanted to stay true to myself.''' ,'''I'm really loud, and I'm really amazing, and really talented. And really humble.''' ,]
+++