+++
author = "Zhu Zhu"
title = "Zhu Zhu Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Zhu Zhu Quotes"
keywords = "zhu zhu,zhu zhu quotes,zhu zhu quote,zhu zhu sayings,zhu zhu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't mind doing action or kung fu, but I'm also really happy to do something dramatic. I'd like to show that a Chinese girl doesn't have to do crazy martial arts to get the part.''' ,'''I love Jo Malone. I got the Orange Blossom scent as a gift many years ago, and I fell in love with it. It's very light, natural, sweet. It's there but not that obvious.''' ,'''Sometimes I'll do a mask if I had a lot of makeup on that day or was out in the sun. I like a hydrogen mask. It's an easy one, and it's supposed to soothe and relax your skin.''' ,'''I was planning to study more, but it's a struggle with so many opportunities for film and trying to get better through studying. No matter what, I want to be making more movies.''' ,'''I like the MAC Face and Body foundation. Sometimes it can't cover all my flaws, but I like it because it looks really natural and it evens out my skin tone.''' ,'''I have really long hair, so I don't cut it all that often. Sometimes, when I'm working, I just have the stylist on set trim it for me. I don't dye my hair. When I was a teenager, I dyed my hair five colors at one time. It was all different shades of red going from more orange to more purple. I thought I looked so cool.''' ,'''In China, we don't know about the swimming pool game, but we know about Marco Polo.''' ,'''English is not my first language.''' ,]
+++