+++
author = "Curtis Granderson"
title = "Curtis Granderson Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Curtis Granderson Quotes"
keywords = "curtis granderson,curtis granderson quotes,curtis granderson quote,curtis granderson sayings,curtis granderson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Baseball guys tend to flock towards steaks.''' ,'''I love to eat. I'm not the biggest guy, but I love to eat.''' ,'''Teachers shape so much of what a kid's upbringing can be.''' ,'''I feel like kids in general, not just African-American kids, are influenced by what they see, both positive and negative.''' ,'''Left-handed pitchers get paid a lot of money to get left-handed guys out or else they wouldn't be in there. They feel confident going up against lefties. If you look at most lefties' numbers, typically they happen to be better against lefties than against righties. That's all it is.''' ,'''People grow up loving the Yankees and will tell you, and so many people despise the Yankees, and they come from all over the United States.''' ,'''Basketball was always my sport. It just took me until my second year of college for me to realize that I was a better baseball player than a basketball player. But basketball was always my number one love. Finally found out I was better at baseball and chose to pursue that route.''' ,'''I love to play basketball, but I haven't played in awhile. But if I could get back on the court and play, I definitely would.''' ,'''You never hear about good seafood places.''' ,'''Any of the the 30 ball clubs have a chance at success, and the fans know that. It keeps everything exciting.''' ,'''It's funny: I kinda still float under the radar. I'm not tall like a New York Knick; I'm not a heavy, strong New York Giant or New York Jet. I blend in pretty well. A lot of people don't recognize me too many places. More men recognize me than women.''' ,'''For the most part, I don't think I'm any different than anybody else.''' ,'''I didn't realize people tip for take-out.''' ,'''My charity is called 'Grand Kids.' People keep thinking it's 'Grandkids.'''' ,'''No matter what you do, people are gonna try to emulate you. Whether it's a dunk by Michael Jordan or a swing by Ken Griffey Jr., kids are doing the same things.''' ,'''Every year we discuss Jackie Robinson Day, which is April 15. We talk about it throughout baseball, promote it throughout baseball.''' ,'''The Rockies and Diamondbacks are both very exciting teams who are fighting for recognition.''' ,]
+++