+++
author = "Bill Mumy"
title = "Bill Mumy Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Bill Mumy Quotes"
keywords = "bill mumy,bill mumy quotes,bill mumy quote,bill mumy sayings,bill mumy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think 'Lost in Space' certainly shifted from being an ensemble adventure series about a family facing the unknown alien environment to this trio of comedians - Dr. Smith, the Robot, and Will Robinson being the straight guy. It definitely changed its tone over the three seasons and 84 episodes we did.''' ,'''I started playing the guitar when we started filming the pilot to 'Lost in Space,' which was way back in December of 1964, and there's a little bit in the pilot that was used in the first season where Will Robinson is sitting around some bad foam rubber rock playing and singing 'Greensleeves.'''' ,'''Memorizing dialogue has always come easy and quickly to me. My wife Eileen is also very helpful. She gives me choices, and asks me questions, and runs my lines with me.''' ,'''Personally, I don't think the film and television industries are run as well as they used to be. Oh sure, we've got great digital effects now but... where are the visionaries?''' ,'''I was doing Babylon 5 season two and I was in all 22 episodes of that.''' ,'''Babylon 5 is probably the biggest, most ambitious television science fiction series ever made. It's one big novel told over five years with 110 different stories told within it.''' ,'''I really think the acoustics that Gibson's been making for the last ten years or so are as good as any the company has ever produced and that's saying a lot.''' ,'''Anyway, in the mid 80's I was spending a fortune buying old Golden Age books from the late 30's and 40's and I was making personal appearances at a lot of sci fi and comic book conventions all around the country here so that I could find books for my collection.''' ,'''I'm narrating the television series Biography. I'm still involved in my music - I have a new album out. I have an animated project in development. I'm writing a lot of things and you never know if one of them is going to become a six or seven year project.''' ,'''Well, I just finished starring in a new episode of the new The Twilight Zone television series.''' ,'''I have about 50 guitars around the house. I can't take more than a few steps without finding one to pick up.''' ,'''I get bored doing one thing only. I've been very lucky to explore a lot of different artistic territory and I don't see why I won't continue on that path.''' ,'''From the age of four, I was a huge comic fan and still am. When Lost in Space came along it was like being in a huge comic so we jumped at the chance of being part of that project and it proved to be a good choice.''' ,'''I bugged my mom and dad to 'get me inside the television set' when I was about four years old.''' ,'''I had my guitar at the set of 'Lost in Space' every day. I was the only one in the cast who had a stereo in his dressing room. So while I was in school or when I was in there working with Dr. Smith and the robot, half the rest of the cast was in my trailer listening to their records that they would bring.''' ,'''I have great respect for directors who know what they're doing.''' ,'''And of course, I absolutely loved making Lost in Space as a kid.''' ,'''I walk my dogs. I garden a little. I play a bit of tennis. Basically when I have spare time I'm making music.''' ,'''I did three of the original 'Twilight Zone' episodes, yes. Also, I did a little thing in the feature film, and then I wrote one of the episodes in 'The Twilight Zone's last round where I starred with Cloris Leachman and my daughter Liliana in a true sequel to 'It's a Good Life.' So, yes, I have a good 'Twilight Zone' alumni jacket.''' ,'''I'm very lucky to work in so many different arenas of the entertainment industry and I do enjoy them all, but making music - original music - in the studio or live onstage is definitely my favorite thing to do.''' ,'''I was in Redwood for almost six years. It was an acoustic trio that I still think was the best band I've ever been a part of. We do have a double CD of the Redwood stuff available called 'Lost But Not Really.' I'm very proud of the old Redwood stuff.''' ,'''It got to the point in the late 70s and early 80s that I was spending so much money buying golden age comics that I could only justify it if I got work in the media.''' ,'''I'm also performing regularly in Southern California with two bands. As a solo artist doing acoustic sets and a member of the Jenerators, my rock n roll band that has been around for a long time now.''' ,'''Well, I've been a big fan of comic books since I was a little kid. In fact, I used to write and draw my own comic books when I was on the old Lost in Space series.''' ,]
+++