+++
author = "Jack Gleeson"
title = "Jack Gleeson Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Jack Gleeson Quotes"
keywords = "jack gleeson,jack gleeson quotes,jack gleeson quote,jack gleeson sayings,jack gleeson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I were to have a dream job, it would probably be a poet. Then again, I don't think I'm a very good poet!''' ,'''Interviews are good if you want to be an actor because they raise your profile.''' ,'''When you make a living from something, it changes your relationship with it.''' ,'''I read my sister's diary when I was 7. She was, I think, 13. It was awful to read it.''' ,'''I'm happy to sacrifice a big pay cheque for my happiness, if that's not too corny a thing to say. It's probably more naive than mature to say that, maybe, but that's how I feel.''' ,'''I find it slightly uncomfortable to see my face on a bus or a poster. I like just being known by my friends and family.''' ,'''I've never seen anyone die. It's hard to imagine what it would be like.''' ,'''I'd like to be an academic, a philosophy lecturer if possible. I'd do a Masters in Ancient Hebrew maybe, and a Ph.D. hopefully, if I get in.''' ,'''I believe that communal admiration of individuals is healthy for society. It facilitates, in one way, the base of our universal standard, morals, but also publicly espouses the virtue of certain practices that are kind of like 'inherently good' in some kind of ideas of what the good is.''' ,'''Celebrities become excluded from everyday life, kind of in exile in an echelon that is deemed better, anyway: Life of celebrity, all the fame and glamor.''' ,'''Ever since my mother sent me to Saturday morning grammar classes when I was 7, I wanted to become a famous actor. I loved the idea of captivating an audience and moving them truly through performance, but more importantly being recognized and heavily lauded for that talent.''' ,'''The lifestyle that comes with being an actor in a successful TV show isn't something I gravitate toward.''' ,'''Celebrity is seen by a huge amount of people and certainly myself for a while as the pinnacle of society, of success. It is revered almost religiously, both the institution and its quickly growing member base.''' ,'''I wanted to be an academic when I was 19 or 20. But, I've gone off that idea. The lifestyle is kind of lonely and isolated. I don't think that would suit me.''' ,'''Having one's image, and effectively, life, democratized, dehumanizes and sometimes objectifies it into an entertainment product. What sort of valuation of the ego would one have once you've let it been preyed upon by the public for years and years? Perhaps, it becomes truly just skin and bones.''' ,'''It's interesting sometimes when an audience can empathize with a villain.''' ,'''I think audiences will always like bad guys who kill for no apparent reason. We just like to hate them.''' ,'''I try to be a nice person, but it's difficult sometimes.''' ,'''Both villains and heroes need to have a steadfast belief in themselves.''' ,'''I keep trying to define 'poetry,' but it's so difficult.''' ,'''I've been acting since age 8. I just stopped enjoying it as much as I used to.''' ,]
+++