+++
author = "Megyn Kelly"
title = "Megyn Kelly Quotes"
quotes_len = "116"
description = "the best 116 Megyn Kelly Quotes"
keywords = "megyn kelly,megyn kelly quotes,megyn kelly quote,megyn kelly sayings,megyn kelly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't even watch Fox News usually in the prime time hours because I'm home with my kids and that's more important to me.''' ,'''Men should have more time with their newborn babies.''' ,'''I was popular, and I enjoyed that, and my mother kept telling me I better take typing so I'd have something to fall back on. I didn't know what the future held, but once I got my law degree, I started to feel like, 'OK, I'm a serious person.'''' ,'''I was not the only journalist to whom Trump offered gifts clearly meant to shape coverage. Many reporters have told me that Trump worked hard to offer them something fabulous - from hotel rooms to rides on his 757.''' ,'''When I went to law school, which I put myself through for $100,000 dollars of debt, I didn't expect anybody to pay for my health insurance, which I had none of. No health insurance.''' ,'''I don't like the women who stand up for the empowerment of women at the expense of men. They try to demonize men, and they try to suggest men all want to keep us down, which is one of the reasons why I don't like that label 'feminist.'''' ,'''I'm not a barbarian.''' ,'''We have to ask the tough questions.''' ,'''The most powerful people in my town were the doctors and the lawyers. I didn't really have any experience dealing with really powerful people until I started practicing law.''' ,'''I still don't consider myself a fashion girl.''' ,'''Im a soulless lawyer. Give me any opinion and I can argue it.''' ,'''I try to stay off Twitter.''' ,'''I've lived in New York state almost my entire life, so my votes never count.''' ,'''When people talk about fake news, you know, a lot of folks just roll their eyes, like 'Oh, you know, whatever; people will figure it out.' The truth is, they don't always figure it out.''' ,'''I want to see my kids for dinner. I want to put them down at night. I want to see their soccer games after school.''' ,'''I think the most effective managers in the world have a team that wants to jump through brick walls for them.''' ,'''I'm steeped in the news because I enjoy the news - I like reading papers, I like reading the blogs, I love talking to newsmakers and pundits, for that matter, about their opinions. I'm an information gatherer by nature, so that's what attracted me about this industry.''' ,'''I'm a struggling guitar player.''' ,'''There is no question that Hannity is a conservative. But I can tell you from personal experience after having worked with O'Reilly for years now, you never know where he is going to come out on an issue. He definitely leans right when it comes to certain social, traditional value issues, but he's all over the board on certain other issues.''' ,'''I had more sexist encounters as a lawyer than I had as a journalist.''' ,'''The relative lack of power of certain minority groups, and the fear they're feeling in the wake of Donald Trump's election, is something I think we really need to take a look at.''' ,'''In law, especially back in '95 when I was breaking in, it was much more of an old boys' network.''' ,'''I can muster up the courage in the difficult situations to get me through.''' ,'''I didn't have a lot of the advantages Donald Trump had, but I had the most important ones you can get, which are loving parents who cared about me and helped me develop a sense of self.''' ,'''I'm the worst tweeter ever. I don't know what I'm doing. I really don't.''' ,'''Television can be a very fickle place.''' ,'''When Roger Ailes hired me, he knew I was the daughter of a college professor and a nurse. There was nothing in this resume that would telegraph, 'She's a secret conservative.'''' ,'''I was a big Jay Leno fan, so I was sorry to see him go. But my number one person that I watch, she's not late night, but in terms of the comedian genre, is Ellen DeGeneres - love her.''' ,'''There have been so many times when I challenged Republicans on air - in big moments.''' ,'''You have to understand that Roger Ailes was a king. He was on the cover of multiple industry publications as the most powerful man in news. And at Fox News, there was no one else with power. So you didn't want to get on the wrong side of him because he was actually beloved inside the building and very well-liked in the industry.''' ,'''You will never catch me in a dress without a pair of Spanx and a bra.''' ,'''Once I found professional happiness, it gave me time to think about other areas in my life in which I wasn't happy. The next obvious candidate for introspection was my marriage.''' ,'''I'm conservative on some things, and I'm not on others.''' ,'''Some things are worth the fat and calories, although I have to watch it like a hawk.''' ,'''This is the U.S.A., and it's the most glorious place to live in the world.''' ,'''You know, I was not an attractive child - I never had a cute face.''' ,'''I'm not going to say how I vote... I love that people make these assumptions about you because you work at Fox... That's my job: to be contrarian, to push people.''' ,'''I think we have gone too far into the PC culture, but there's a limit to how far we can take that.''' ,'''I'm an upstate New York lifer.''' ,'''I always feel like I want more time with my kids. But I reject the notion that you can't have it all. I think you can: just not necessarily in abundance.''' ,'''I think my viewers want smart, honest programming. They don't want to be told what makes them feel good.''' ,'''I can give anyone a hard time.''' ,'''I have respect for my fellow journalists at the other networks, and I wish them all well. This is a tough business, so good for them.''' ,'''I see it as this: I send my kids to school not only to learn how to read and write and do math, but also to develop socially. So if there's a negative interaction between my child and another child, what I want to know is, how was it handled, what lessons came out of it, and, of course, is my child okay?''' ,'''I spent most of my life from 24 to 31 at the office. I wasn't going to people's weddings; I wasn't cultivating my marriage. I wasn't happy.''' ,'''I was never lined up outside of my bosses office saying 'Give me an opportunity; there's not a woman in primetime'... I was just trying to be so good they couldn't ignore me.''' ,'''Before I got into TV, I wasn't fashionable at all.''' ,'''Just because you might have a sparring match on the air doesn't mean there's any personal animosity.''' ,'''It's not that I'm a 'Let's hug and be joyful all the time' boss. Or that I don't, quote, 'own my own power.' I just never want to be that big, swingin', rule-by-fear person.''' ,'''In TV, a woman helping another woman break in? Not that common.''' ,'''There are women who literally squeeze a baby out of their bodies or get cut open in major surgery, have a human being, the next generation of the human race pulled from their bodies, and within a couple of weeks have to go back to work, because if they don't, they can't pay their bills. Something's wrong with that.''' ,'''I was always a strong personality. I was never an introvert.''' ,'''Somebody saying something offensive to you or insulting to you is not pleasant, but it's part of life.''' ,'''The news changes every day. So it's not like being involved in any litigation that goes on for four years, and the trial lasts three months.''' ,'''I felt the call to this industry because I enjoy broadcast journalism. I'm steeped in the news because I enjoy the news - I like reading papers; I like reading the blogs. I love talking to newsmakers and pundits, for that matter, about their opinions. I'm an information gatherer by nature, so that's what attracted me about this industry.''' ,'''People think I'm fearless. But I'm human.''' ,'''Nobody really knows my true feelings on a lot of issues.''' ,'''In another life - and as I like to say, another body - I used to teach aerobics.''' ,'''Being a trial lawyer sounds like glamorous work, but most of your time is spent pushing paper and arguing.''' ,'''I remember thinking that I'd never show my arms on TV, but over time you loosen up.''' ,'''I was brought up in an environment to believe that my opinion was important, that I had something to say, and that it was no less powerful because I was young, a girl, at the time really unattractive, definitely not the smartest kid in the class.''' ,'''My dad died of a heart attack when I was 15. I was bullied mercilessly in middle school. I went through a divorce - those not-so-great things are all a part of me, and they give me a place to go when I cover those stories on the news. I'm more empathetic, more relatable because of them.''' ,'''There are lots of people who are red-carpet types, but that's not me.''' ,'''I'm an independent.''' ,'''I don't see myself as some television star; I see myself as a girl from Albany.''' ,'''I - listen, racism - being a racist is the worst thing you can say about somebody. I mean, it is such a charged accusation. And I really think people should be very careful before they level that.''' ,'''I believe that I can do more for women by being the best at what I do in the role that I have than going out and just talking about how women are awesome and you shouldn't mess with them.''' ,'''What I don't like is talking points.''' ,'''The best answer and the best way forward to young women out there who want to get ahead is work your tail off. Work harder than everybody. Be better than everybody else. Do better. Try harder.''' ,'''I don't like that word: feminist.''' ,'''Typically, you get a year in prison for making a threat to assassinate the president.''' ,'''When I was in 10th grade, I took one of those tests that's supposed to tell you what you should be when you grow up. The test told me that I should be a journalist.''' ,'''I think that 'Fox News' is fair and balanced.''' ,'''I distinctly remember being very young, sixth grade maybe, and being at a party and hearing the mothers discuss the children. And the mothers said, 'Well, it's very clear who's the leader in the group.' And they were talking about me!''' ,'''I think people have an idea of what Fox News is. If people don't watch Fox News, then it's just a caricature, it's not real, they have it in their heads that it's something very different than what it actually is.''' ,'''I wasn't a shrinking violet when I joined Fox News. I didn't have any power at Fox - I had no power in the TV industry - but I had been a lawyer for nine years who had practiced employment law.''' ,'''Print reporters have the opportunity to go so much more in depth in certain stories than television reporters do because they're working on stories for months at a time.''' ,'''I would be lying if I said it wasn't cool to see myself on the cover of 'Vanity Fair,' right? It's, like, what am I doing there? This is bizarre.''' ,'''I'm a news anchor; I'm not an ideologue.''' ,'''You can't just coast along. You need to be extraordinary. If you want a promotion or a raise, ask yourself, 'How can I behave in a way to get my boss to believe I deserve one?'''' ,'''While I don't think Trump wants to target any particular minority group, I understand their fear because he spent many months stoking it.''' ,'''What should matter is whether I stand for female empowerment, and I don't think there are many women out there who have any doubts about that.''' ,'''The viewer I picture in my mind when I do 'The Kelly File' is a woman who's had a long day, either with the kids or at work, or both.''' ,'''I was badly bullied when I was in the seventh grade - relentlessly, mercilessly - by a group of 12-year-old girls. And it left me with a determination that no matter what, I had to throw my shoulders back, stick out my chin, and project a sense that no one and nothing could hurt me. That turned out to be a life-changing mistake.''' ,'''Fox News covers stories that some other news outlets won't cover. We ask some questions that other news outlets wouldn't ask. And sometimes that's perceived as bias by people who've grown up in a world where there are only liberal outlets.''' ,'''You want to know what I love most about myself? I'll tell you the truth: My clavicle. I think I have a nice clavicle.''' ,'''Obviously, I'm in a visual business, and people will talk to me about my appearance.''' ,'''A woman can be harassed and then go on to have a good working relationship with the man harassing her.''' ,'''Television is a service, but it's also a business.''' ,'''In life and in politics, it's helpful to try to perceive the other person through the most generous lens.''' ,'''Adversity is an opportunity for growth. And an opportunity to really know who your friends are.''' ,'''I never felt that I had the natural intellectual gifts that the people who graduate first in their class from Harvard Law had.''' ,'''I came from a middle-class family. My dad was a professor; my mom was a nurse. I didn't come from money, and I didn't come from circles of power. I didn't come from the country club; I came from the town park.''' ,'''Oftentimes it feels like Fox stands alone in the media on certain stories.''' ,'''What is it about a baby bump that makes people feel it's okay to say things like, 'God! You are big!'''' ,'''I have the humor of a 9-year-old boy, and sometimes I've had laughing fits on-air.''' ,'''I have to tell you I enjoy Jon Stewart. That's the truth. I actually think he's very funny. I've paid to see him do his stand-up routine.''' ,'''Donald Trump and the First Amendment, it's not a beautiful match; it's not a match made in heaven. Between the free speech rights that he has not defended and the freedom of the press, which he has not defended, it's problematic.''' ,'''The truth is I don't watch a lot of news, except for when I'm here at the office watching Fox News. I get my news online primarily when I'm not watching the channel.''' ,'''You can't go by what things look like on paper.''' ,'''I keep my head down, my mouth shut and work hard.''' ,'''I don't understand these politicians who want to be president and complain when they get a tough interview.''' ,'''If you're wearing a pair of shoes that's a little flashy, then it's important not to be flashy up top and vice versa.''' ,'''I respect women like Gloria Steinem who paved the way. But when you say 'feminist' now, there is a message that if you are sexy and you acknowledge that part of your personality publicly, then it's somehow an affront to women. And I reject that.''' ,'''If you behave like a stupid moron, you're going to get called out by me.''' ,'''I did not grow up with a silver spoon in my mouth.''' ,'''If I could have half the career of Diane Sawyer, I'd be a happy woman.''' ,'''What people don't realize about Donald Trump - and I don't even know if Donald Trump realizes it - is that every tweet he unleashes against you... creates such a crescendo of anger.''' ,'''The people, as much as it's fun to hate us, they need us. They need good, strong, skeptical journalists to be covering whoever it is - whether it's Barack Obama or President Donald Trump.''' ,'''I knew Andrew Breitbart very well, and he was great. I loved him. He was a true provocateur who would be fun about it, you know.''' ,'''I don't want to be an opinion anchor.''' ,'''I admire those women who really knew who they were and didn't apologize for it. Katharine Hepburn? She was ahead of her time.''' ,'''If I were Sarah Palin, would I want to sit in an interview with someone who was secretly out to get me? Probably not.''' ,'''As a lawyer, I could engage in killer litigation with the best of them. It was war, after all.''' ,'''If I'm going to turn on the television, it's going to be the Fox News channel.''' ,'''Why can't there be an acknowledgment that, in some instances, women remove themselves from the workforce for a long time, and when they come back, of course they're not going to get exactly equal pay?''' ,]
+++