+++
author = "Avery Bradley"
title = "Avery Bradley Quotes"
quotes_len = "72"
description = "the best 72 Avery Bradley Quotes"
keywords = "avery bradley,avery bradley quotes,avery bradley quote,avery bradley sayings,avery bradley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would hope no one would be satisfied with a loss.''' ,'''The actual act of sitting out doesn't directly fight systemic racism. But it does highlight the reality that without black athletes, the NBA wouldn't be what it is today. The league has a responsibility to our communities in helping to empower us - just as we have made the NBA brand strong.''' ,'''You have to continue to be positive and go out there and play hard, no matter what the outcome is.''' ,'''I want to help kids and I've been blessed with this talent from God, and I feel like I'm supposed to be giving back helping kids, teaching them everything I know.''' ,'''I just try to come in every single day and be professional and work as hard as I can. I feel like you can't replace that.''' ,'''No matter who I'm playing against, they're going to say that I'm one of the toughest guys they play, for sure.''' ,'''It makes me happy knowing my teammates are always going to have my back defensively, and I'm always going to have theirs.''' ,'''I try to leave everything on the floor every single game.''' ,'''There's a lot of guys that I obviously admire. The Gary Paytons, me growing up in Seattle being able to watch him play. Even my peers now, the Patrick Beverleys and the Kawhi Leonards, I admire those guys.''' ,'''In the NBA, we're a brotherhood and we should all want to see one another succeed.''' ,'''You could say I try to eliminate people.''' ,'''Obviously people have guarded me a lot different because of me being able to make shots.''' ,'''It's nice to be back in front of the fans and being in Boston.''' ,'''I've always been a player who played with a chip on my shoulder.''' ,'''I'm trying to lead by example. But I'm definitely challenging myself to be a better player, the player I want to be.''' ,'''Defense not only wins games; it's what gets you on the floor at every level you play at. Once you get to high school and get to college, if you don't play defense, you won't play.''' ,'''Regardless of how much media coverage will be received, talking and raising awareness about social injustice isn't enough.''' ,'''I'm trying to add and show more every single year, you know, as much as our system allows me.''' ,'''I'm so excited to play with Udonis Haslem.''' ,'''Growing up I was a different person than I am now. Now I'm the quiet, laid-back one, but I used to be the wild one in the group. I was like the bully.''' ,'''Of course I feel like any player that plays this game should want to reach the highest level and the highest accolades, which includes the All-Star Game. So, yeah, I would be dumb not to want to be an All-Star.''' ,'''When I have basketball camps and I tell kids my story, they're like, 'You played in Maine? In Israel? You did this and that?' I experienced a lot, and I feel like it made me not only the person I am today, but the basketball player I am.''' ,'''I wanted to challenge myself to reach my full potential as a player.''' ,'''The most important thing with me is consistency.''' ,'''All I can control is how hard I play and put the rest in God's hands.''' ,'''My best friend used to make fun of me about the camps I wasn't invited to, and I used to get mad. He was just always better, always the favorite. I was always the one in the shadow that everybody was like, 'He's not good enough. Might not even make it to college.'''' ,'''As committed to my Lakers teammates and the organization as I am, I ultimately play basketball for my family.''' ,'''I feel like a lot of people know and understand that I have to be top-two, top-three best perimeter defenders in the NBA.''' ,'''I'm just excited to be here in Miami and have an opportunity to be part of a great culture like this.''' ,'''If you ask somebody who played basketball against me in the first grade and you watch a tape, it's been with me since I was a kid. I've always had this mentality to go out there and defend.''' ,'''People are honest, that's the culture. East Coast, but specifically Boston. People are just good people.''' ,'''Our job is to play basketball, not worry about trades.''' ,'''I played with Tristan Thompson and Cory Joseph. They were my high school teammates.''' ,'''I think the thing that helps you get to the next level is being able to affect the game in different ways. And that's me getting my teammates shots instead of me just coming off pin-downs.''' ,'''I play because God blessed me to play this game and that's what I enjoy doing.''' ,'''I'm just ready to do whatever my team needs me to do. I'm just going to be prepared and ready to go out there and do my role, and do whatever my team needs me to do to win games.''' ,'''This is the NBA; you can't stop everybody from scoring 30. But that 30? They're going to work for every point they get. And that's my mindset.''' ,'''Because I am so quiet, you don't really know what I'm thinking. You don't know if I'm working hard on my game, you really don't know.''' ,'''I'm pretty sure every team in the NBA would love to have Paul Pierce on their team.''' ,'''Every night, you're going up against an elite guard and there's really nothing you can do. You either have to be God-gifted and move your feet, or else you're toast.''' ,'''Al Horford is a very good player; a great team player.''' ,'''I got down on myself a lot, but the D-League gave me a chance to get that confidence back.''' ,'''I play basketball strictly for enjoyment and to add to the support of my family.''' ,'''You go through a lot throughout a season. You're going to face a lot of adversity. And the best teams overcome any type of adversity.''' ,'''I got in a lot of fights growing up, and not just basketball fights.''' ,'''You can never take your foot off the gas pedal. You have to play the right way at both ends.''' ,'''From playing with the guys that I played with, Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce, I learned a lot about the game. I learned how to finish games.''' ,'''Are we that self-centered to believe no one in the world is aware of racism right now? That, as athletes, we solve the real issues by using our platforms to speak? We don't need to say more. We need to find a way to achieve more. Protesting during an anthem, wearing T-shirts is great, but we need to see real actions being put in to the works.''' ,'''I am 10 years in this league. The physical possession of a ring doesn't make me feel like more or less of a person.''' ,'''I was familiar with the Heat and their culture because I played with Dexter Pittman and he was here early in his career.''' ,'''You can ask all the best players in the NBA - there's not one player in the NBA that guards them like me.''' ,'''But I love to fish - that's a hobby of mine.''' ,'''I think anything's possible for me with my attitude and my desire to want to get better every single day as a person and as a basketball player, I think anything's possible for me.''' ,'''I love the game of basketball so much. I have a lot of goals for myself. I want to make sure I compete every single day.''' ,'''I really don't talk much.''' ,'''The only thing I wanted to change in the past was being a little bit more disciplined on the defensive end.''' ,'''People would really hate playing against me if I could touch them.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like my defense is so elite that sometimes my offense gets put on the backburner.''' ,'''There's no bigger stage than this, so each and every night, every opportunity I get, I'm gonna try to prove and show the world that I'm the best perimeter defender in the NBA.''' ,'''That's what the game is supposed to be about: always wanting to get better, be the best you can be. I hold myself to that every single summer, every single year.''' ,'''I feel like I'm one of the rare cases in this league of a two-way player. I feel like it's hard for certain people to be able to coach me because of that.''' ,'''Boston was a good situation for me, but I think it was over time they were able to understand what they had.''' ,'''Once you're able to win, you're able to be more established as a player as well. It's hand in hand. And then you can show more parts of your game.''' ,'''I'm a true believer that God puts us in situations to help us ultimately get to where we need to be.''' ,'''I want to work on finishing at the basket more as far as more floaters, being more consistent.''' ,'''We all know what it means to be a Miami Heat player, the passion and the dedication it takes to be a part of this culture. And I always felt like if I ever got an opportunity to play here, then I would fit in perfect.''' ,'''I always say all the time that's what the NBA is all about - getting to play against the best guys and opportunities to redeem yourself against teams that beat you.''' ,'''I want people to see me as a two-way player. A defensive player and an offensive player.''' ,'''Everyone around me, my family and my friends, always said that, 'You have to play for Miami Heat.'''' ,'''It's different, but I prefer my people on the East Coast. Some people might be offended by that, but I mean, especially knowing I'm from the West Coast. I don't know if it's because it's home for me or what, but I just feel like people are real good friends. That's all it is.''' ,'''It's the best feeling in the world. I'm pretty sure if you don't have kids, you hear everybody say that. It's the most amazing feeling in the world seeing somebody that's just like you.''' ,'''When I see one of my teammates make a good play, to keep that energy going, I feel like that's what I do on the defensive end, and then make a good offensive play.''' ,]
+++