+++
author = "Angela Stanton-King"
title = "Angela Stanton-King Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Angela Stanton-King Quotes"
keywords = "angela stanton-king,angela stanton-king quotes,angela stanton-king quote,angela stanton-king sayings,angela stanton-king saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I credit President Trump for being my inspiration.''' ,'''The LGBTQ community refers to people's sexual preferences - lesbians like women, gay people like men - and children shouldn't be walking advertisements for sexuality when they are not old enough to make their own decisions.''' ,'''I personally would have liked to have seen Obama and Joe Biden do much more.''' ,'''I want to help change the laws to protect all people - not just Republicans, not just Democrats, not just Black people, all people.''' ,'''I do believe systemic racism is real. It's one of the main reasons I'm running for Congress.''' ,'''I would have to thank my godmother, Dr. Alveda King for exposing the racism behind abortion and fighting hard to not only defund Planned Parenthood but to overturn Roe v. Wade which is responsible for ending nearly 20 million Black lives.''' ,'''Everyone doesn't need Medicare. The people who can afford to pay for their healthcare should pay.''' ,'''Every time you hear that the majority of Democratic candidates go on stage, they say poor women of color need access to abortion. I was born to a poor woman of color. I was a poor woman of color when I gave birth to my children. Who's to say that their lives are worth any less than others?''' ,'''I'm proud to stand with U.S. Impact Team in their initiative to create harmony.''' ,'''I am a strong believer in the sanctity of life. It's time that someone stands up for the lives of the unborn.''' ,'''Change only happens when we do something different. I believe I am that change.''' ,'''How can a dream live if we kill it, right? How many Martin Luther King Jr.s, and Malcom Xs, or Barack Obamas have we aborted?''' ,'''I want to help other people clear their records, and I want to help them avoid some of the loopholes that get people caught up in our criminal justice system.''' ,'''I think Black women should come together.''' ,'''It is critical that we double down on the progress that President Trump has made with regard to Criminal Justice Reform. His focus on reforming our broken criminal system is geared towards improving the lives of minority families across the district, state, and country.''' ,'''As a former victim of childhood sexual abuse, my position is unwavering when it comes to speaking out against the hypersexualization of our children.''' ,'''My priorities are always the children and the elderly when it comes to our healthcare system, as both groups are unable to help themselves.''' ,'''I was a convicted felon. No one wanted to give me a job, I couldn't get any government assistance, and I couldn't get any housing assistance.''' ,'''I turned my life around. I have completely redeemed my life.''' ,'''I'm not a spokesperson for Donald Trump.''' ,'''I am not a Q candidate but it's crazy to see how advocating for the safety of children makes me such a target.''' ,'''This race is not about me trying to beat John Lewis. It is about carrying the torch and picking up the fight.''' ,'''I will not compromise on anything related to protecting children.''' ,'''I myself spent some time in prison, so I know the type of trajectory that a criminal offense can put on someone's life.''' ,'''I'm very concerned about the whole LGBTQ movement and the way it sexualizes children.''' ,'''It's kind of hurtful people associate Republican with being racist and the last thing I want from the very people I am fighting for.''' ,'''Have I ever gone on record to say that I'm a member of QAnon? Because I have not.''' ,'''The media has a tendency of manipulating things to show in their favor.''' ,'''I want to ensure that the people of the 5th District continue to benefit from the sensible economic policies under the leadership of President Donald Trump. Because of our President, more African Americans are employed now than ever before in the history of our country.''' ,'''It's hypocritical to say Black Lives Matter' when we know Black life begins in the womb.''' ,'''We all have children, the majority of us do. And we have to work while we do that.''' ,'''I was lifelong Democrat just because, well, you know, monkey-see, monkey-do. I was just doing everything that my family was doing.''' ,'''My campaign will focus on the core values that matter to the voters of the 5th District - job creation for minority communities, economic growth, criminal justice reform, faith and family, and supporting our active military and veterans.''' ,'''I do believe that voter fraud has taken place.''' ,'''With all respect to Congressman Lewis, when I think about him, I always have that image in my mind when he was on the Selma Bridge. The truth of the matter is, with all that he has given towards the fight for civil rights - which we greatly appreciate - these are no longer the days of marching over the Selma Bridge.''' ,'''I came home to four children, and I came home to two tombstones. My mother was in one and my grandmother was in the other. They'd both passed away while I was in prison.''' ,'''John Lewis' vital role in the civil rights movement will never be forgotten, and his legacy will forever be acknowledged by our state and our country.''' ,'''We have to create a safe space where our communities feel protected by the police instead of victimized. We also need to make sure our police officers feel appreciated as our local heroes.''' ,'''I'm walking proof that second chances work. I want to help others get the same opportunities I've been given.''' ,'''When I was released from prison 15 years ago, I was given a $25 check and a bus ticket and told to start my life over.''' ,'''Instead of speaking about defunding the police, we should be advocating ways to create partnerships and promoting connectivity between communities and police officers.''' ,'''People are going to be able to appreciate the reality in politics, and that is what I represent.''' ,'''It's OK to be a Black Republican. It's OK to stand by your morals and your values and your beliefs.''' ,'''I don't know anything about QAnon.''' ,'''The one thing about this Trump fiasco that never set well with me was the fact that everyone loved him until he ran for president. Every rapper, entertainer and actor was chasing a Trump check, then everyone changed on him almost overnight and I thought that was weird so I kept my eyes open.''' ,'''I have never run for office and I don't have political experience. But I do have life experiences.''' ,]
+++