+++
author = "Chad Gilbert"
title = "Chad Gilbert Quotes"
quotes_len = "89"
description = "the best 89 Chad Gilbert Quotes"
keywords = "chad gilbert,chad gilbert quotes,chad gilbert quote,chad gilbert sayings,chad gilbert saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think one of the reasons people are so passionate about our band is because we're so accessible.''' ,'''If you watch old Cars videos, they don't make any sense. They're just fun to watch. There doesn't need to be storyline, and you don't need to know why anything is happening.''' ,'''Actually my favorite singer of all time is Bjork. And my favorite band of all time is They Might Be Giants.''' ,'''Failure and missteps help refine your character and make you wiser.''' ,'''We played some of our first big shows at Wayne Firehouse and Manville Elks Lodge. New Jersey's always been our home away from home.''' ,'''The band will always be our number one, and I don't see it ever stopping. We love playing, so why would we want to stop?''' ,'''When we started playing our music, there weren't really many bigger punk bands. We wrote for ourselves. We weren't expecting to get a record deal or get on the radio.''' ,'''My stepfather, Steve Mallonee, is a retired Miami Beach firefighter, loved and adored by many. After numerous years of heroic work, saving lives through fire and heavy smoke, he has developed a very fatal lunge disease called Pulmonary Fibrosis.''' ,'''Though we love the big exposure, our true love and passion is for the intimate club shows.''' ,'''Yeah, we might have a video on 'TRL,' but when you go to the Warped Tour you're going to see us walking around in the crowd and hanging out with kids because we treat our fans like we wanted to be treated when we were going to shows.''' ,'''For me and MTV, it was always the MTV year-end countdowns. It was what I'd look forward to honestly every year just as much as Christmas. When Christmas was over, the top 100 videos of the year would lead up to the ball drop.''' ,'''Those who have to struggle with addiction in their lives know the 'you only live once' mentality doesn't really work because you can only do that for so often before you're self-destructive.''' ,'''What's really cool about 'This is Me' is that our friends loved the song. Older punk rock fans don't know 'The Greatest Showman,' haven't seen the movie. And they hear that song and they're like, 'This just sounds like an awesome New Found Glory song. This is a really good song.'''' ,'''Hazen Street knew I wasn't going to be able to be in the band once it got started. It was fun to be a part of, but New Found Glory is my full-time thing.''' ,'''When you release a single like 'My Friends Over You,' people just think you have one kind of song.''' ,'''People don't know what star-struck is until they've met Tom Hanks.''' ,'''We had such a huge fan base, they couldn't ignore us anymore. MTV was playing us on 'TRL.' We even did a TRL-sponsored tour that was Good Charlotte and us.''' ,'''So many bands have the same performance-based videos, and it's so lame. I know bands whose labels rent a crowd, so they have these fake audiences that jump up and down trying to make it look like a pit or something.''' ,'''I've got this inflatable Darth Vader that I stole off the roof of a Burger King. I went in and asked the girl at the counter if I could have it, and she said she didn't care, but she wasn't going to get me a ladder or anything like that. So I just kind of pulled myself up there, cut it loose and took off.''' ,'''We'd practice in my living room and it was awesome. Our parents were pretty supportive of it because they thought it was cute. I don't think they ever realized how far we would go with it.''' ,'''I still get excited for band practice, like I love when we're about to go on tour and we all get together and practice. I'm so excited, it's like the first day of school. You check out everyone's new backpack.''' ,'''You think of your first album, when we had no clue what we were doing, we had no clue if people were going to like it or not, we did it because we love it.''' ,'''It's kind of cool being at a poker table with the guys from NOFX, a guy from Bad Religion, a guy from Lagwagon, all these cool punk bands you've always dug.''' ,'''I've been badly shocked before. I grabbed the mic to talk - it was near an outlet and there was water. I got shocked, and the jolt went from my head to my feet, shutting down my body and I just passed out. My friends woke me up and took me to the hospital.''' ,'''When we first came out it was this happy accident, and I was sort of into hardcore at the time. Jordan our singer was really into Jawbreaker and a lot of indie rock bands and old Dischord bands, and sort of like more of the indie side of music. Our bass player was really into West Coast punk.''' ,'''To someone who's more of a surface fan, their favorite songs are the singles. But, we're the kind of band where a lot of the songs that aren't the singles are crazier live.''' ,'''When you're recording a ninth studio album, you can't fail. You don't really have any fears. You just make the best record that you like. You hope your fans are gonna like it, but if they don't, they have eight other ones to listen to.''' ,'''We did two nights at a place in Southern California that only holds about 500 people. It was really intimate... Everyone was in lingerie... OK, every time someone says a show was intimate, my head always goes there.''' ,'''Our shows are more fun when there aren't barriers.''' ,'''One of the most distinctive things about our band is Jordan's voice. It stands out - in a good way for some people and in a bad way for others. But there's no mistaking it. That gives us a lot of room to do what we want musically. With Jordan singing, it'll always sound like New Found Glory.''' ,'''Most punk rock bands just have a guitar, bass and drums. The Descendents, the Ramones, you name 'em, it's just how it's always been.''' ,'''Epitaph is the place to be! They were all longtime, true fans of New Found Glory and they understand us.''' ,'''We have awesome and loyal fans. They'll buy our CD, then buy three more copies for their friends.''' ,'''We obviously need to make money to survive, but we aren't going to sacrifice our creative integrity to do anything that doesn't feel like us.''' ,'''We don't change with the times because we write from the heart. We don't need to change our image to sell records because that's not why we do this.''' ,'''I remember going up to bands I've loved and tried to talk to them and been cold-shouldered.''' ,'''I really feel like New Found Glory created a subgenre.''' ,'''We're hoping that fans who have listened for a while, or only know the singles will be like, 'Damn, man, I didn't realize track 9 on 'Catalyst,' I didn't realize how awesome that song is.'''' ,'''We aren't just some record to put out before the new Pussycat Dolls CD!''' ,'''I always looked up to Billie Joe because every song on Green Day's albums was catchy and good.''' ,'''I think a lot of bands would just make a dark, bleak album, which is why we wanted to do the opposite. We wanted to let people know that there's hope out there, and that no matter how tough things get, they will always get better. I'm really proud of that.''' ,'''For us, punk rock and even hardcore music was something we did because we didn't fit in in high school. We had nowhere to go, so we went to shows.''' ,'''When we did the 'Titanic' theme, that song was everywhere. At the time we did it, it wasn't an old song. We didn't really listen to that song. We're not fans of the song. It was more about taking the song everyone knew and making it sound like a New Found Glory track.''' ,'''I'm involved in a lot of different things, like producing, starting a label and writing songs. But still my biggest release, and the easiest and most fun thing for me to do in my life, is to be in New Found Glory, go on stage and play these songs.''' ,'''We walk around Warped Tour all the time and I swear to you, kids are like, 'Hey, that looks like the guy from New Found Glory.'''' ,'''Our music is constantly evolving and changing, and when this band put out an album we always try to offer something different.''' ,'''I travel for theme parks.''' ,'''All you truly need to worry about is waking up each day and to try to be the best version of yourself.''' ,'''When we started, our style of music wasn't on MTV. It wasn't cool, and it wasn't popular. The only bands who were even kind of similar were Blink-182 and Green Day. But we don't sound like those bands, even if people throw us in that category now.''' ,'''Some of my favorite songs are slow songs, like Guns N' Roses' 'November Rain.'''' ,'''I love pumpkin pie.''' ,'''You can't really predict what the fans love.''' ,'''If you're in the music to move to Hollywood and be in 'People' magazine dating an actress or dating some Hollywood celebrity, are you into it for that side of it? Are you in it to be a millionaire? Or are you in it because you love it and you like playing music and you like going on tour?''' ,'''The scene in South Florida when we were growing up, it wasn't divided. It wasn't different scenes. If you played loud or crazy music, you were on the same show.''' ,'''We write serious music, but we also are a real band where we don't take ourselves too seriously.''' ,'''All we do when we're not making music is play video games, eat food and see movies.''' ,'''With the first album, we felt people didn't really understand our band.''' ,'''So if radio flops, and MTV flops and everything flops, it doesn't matter, as long as we're still playing and kids are coming to our shows.''' ,''''Nothing To Say' is a song for friend circles that struggle with a member of that circle who seems to never have anything good to say.''' ,'''All of our songs, no matter what record they're on, mean a lot to us.''' ,''''My Friends Over You' has two guitars, but if you listen to us live, it's the same... I know how to hit a rhythm note and play lead at the same time.''' ,'''When you reflect on your life, you realize how arguments, pride, and the worry of proving yourself never changed or fixed anything.''' ,'''It doesn't matter what people want to say on message boards, know what I mean? I don't pay attention to that stuff.''' ,'''We've always existed regardless of how popular our band is. We've been around for a while, and we can tour regardless of whether there's a single on the radio or not.''' ,'''There are parts in albums where I wrote a lot of the lyrics. There are parts on albums where Steve wrote a lot of the lyrics, even albums where Steve did the majority of the lyric writing. Then there were albums like 'Coming Home' where I did most of the chorus lyric writing. But it was always split.''' ,'''I don't smoke, drink, or do drugs, so those are the values I live by.''' ,'''I know a lot of people feel pressure with their major label sophomore CD and having to follow up their first record real good. Well, we didn't have that pressure, because we have a real loyal fanbase, not a fanbase because we're on the radio, know what I mean?''' ,'''All our old record reviews were like, 'Oh, these skate punk kids, blah, blah, blah.' And I don't skate, and we're not skate punks.''' ,'''Because of social media being such a marketable format, things are constantly being released, so people don't pay as much attention because they have a million things being thrown at them. You reach more people, but now there's more content. Before, it was harder to get the people but there was less content.''' ,'''I swear, all we ever wanted to do was tour outside of Florida.''' ,'''In our band, every member has input, but me and Steve do the majority of the writing. We start the songs, the rest of the band help us finish it.''' ,'''I realized music is the most important thing to me and I love writing songs, and I think I had more to say in life.''' ,'''Nowadays, people get tattoos so easily, to look cool and only for fashion.''' ,'''I suppose we don't know that much about how the music business operates in the U.K., but from what I've heard, it's a pretty big deal.''' ,'''The goal is never be a copycat of ourselves. It's more along the lines of taking risks in our music.''' ,'''Every record from New Found Glory is a little different. We're a real band that writes songs about our everyday relationships - like, our personal war, not war and government or politics.''' ,'''If we meet some people that are in love with NFG that are a major label, then we'll sign with them. If we meet people that are in love with NFG that are an independent label - and they have a plan - well, then we'll sign to them. It's completely up to us.''' ,'''I remember Green Day came down and played this South Florida club called the Plus Five. I think I was too young to go - I think I was 12 or 13. It was before Green Day were on a major label, but I loved them because they were this band who were a punk band, but they had melody.''' ,'''I read comments where our fans say Geffen screwed up 'Coming Home,' they screwed New Found Glory, but that's not really true. Maybe Geffen didn't have the right tools or whatever to get it to the kids, and internally, there were a bunch of changes going on at the label when our record came out, so I don't know if it's anyone's fault.''' ,'''We first wrote the song 'Resurrection,' and it felt perfect for the album title. Through resurrection, most things come back better and stronger, and you learn a lot.''' ,'''It's nice to have fans who want and need our music.''' ,'''We think of the Warped Tour as kind of like everyone's big birthday party.''' ,'''All of the records are direct reflections of how we were at that time in our lives, so when we play them, it's very nostalgic and fun, but also it's cool to see that they all still sound really relevant.''' ,'''Kids don't want to hear the same record. There are a hundred million bands that they could listen to; you want to give them something that they've never heard before.''' ,'''Fans feel so close to us and can relate to us because not only do we look like the kids at our shows, we're in the crowd with the kids at our shows. We don't create this weird barrier like we're some crazy rock band.''' ,'''I did play flag football. I actually got my lip busted. My team was really good; we won first place in the season, and won the Super Bowl. I was one of the defense guys. I was really good.''' ,'''I was on a cruise with my grandma when I was a kid. I remember winning $10 on the slot machine.''' ,'''I don't think that a lot of my favorite producers or bands would produce our albums or even play on them, unfortunately.''' ,'''I think one thing that's amazing about 'Resurrection' is that we weren't afraid to lay it all out there lyrically.''' ,]
+++