+++
author = "Jan Vertonghen"
title = "Jan Vertonghen Quotes"
quotes_len = "87"
description = "the best 87 Jan Vertonghen Quotes"
keywords = "jan vertonghen,jan vertonghen quotes,jan vertonghen quote,jan vertonghen sayings,jan vertonghen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In my family no-one did high level sports at all.''' ,'''When I was six, I joined an amateur club called VK Tielrode in Belgium where I lived.''' ,'''Of course you have Messi and Ronaldo. And then you've got a lot of players who are very close to each other and I think Gareth Bale is one of them, like at the level of the best teams in the world. He could play for every team in the world. For me he's a world class player.''' ,'''Everyone is happy to play for Tottenham.''' ,'''I like consistency in defenders.''' ,'''It was my task to train hard and respect my team-mates all the time I wasn't playing or was on the bench, so I hope I did that.''' ,'''You want to win trophies.''' ,'''I want to play as many games as possible.''' ,'''I think I enjoy life in England because there is a lot of respect amongst the people here. People are very nice to each other - they are respectful, particularly of traditions, which I like.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of the Premier League, but you can't say no when a club like Milan come knocking.''' ,'''I chose Spurs and I think it's turned out well. I felt I was joining a great team, with great plans and the personal chats I had with people at Spurs were great.''' ,'''I love the environment at Spurs.''' ,'''I get along well with at least 10 guys at Tottenham, but if I were to leave tomorrow, I'd get a text and that's it. Just like at Ajax. It's mostly at school that you make friends.''' ,'''Central defence is my favourite position.''' ,'''I can play at left-back and I can help the team at times. But everyone knows I am not a left-back.''' ,'''My favourite thing, what I want of course, is to play in the Champions League with Tottenham.''' ,'''Becoming champion is definitely one of the goals I want to achieve.''' ,'''When you don't play, you realise how important it is and it's extremely important for me.''' ,'''Sometimes it's better if you can play in only one position. You see that with other players. These guys specialise in one position and they can completely concentrate.''' ,'''I want to play in Europe and learn another language. Spain and Italy are options.''' ,'''To play for a team in the Premier League would be amazing and that's what I am going for.''' ,'''Even in the Belgium team, we get the respect. Teams are not happy when they have to face us.''' ,'''I was never the best player in the teams I played for. I always needed time for development.''' ,'''If I play, even at left-back, I do my best.''' ,'''When you start at Ajax and you're six or seven years old, you're in the best team in the league - always. And you have to dominate, at home and away from home. A draw is never enough. A win is never enough.''' ,'''In Champions League home games, you expect to win.''' ,'''I can be quite fiery. I was worse when I was younger but even now, when there is a bad decision from... it doesn't matter who, I sometimes want to scream.''' ,'''The interest of a great club like Barcelona is certainly flattering. That is confirmation that I am doing a good job.''' ,'''I love London.''' ,'''I think Tottenham is in a very good place.''' ,'''I have never fought in my life but I can be very angry, especially on the pitch.''' ,'''It took me five years to get my first trophy with Ajax but it feels like you have to win a trophy to win more and then they follow. It's just the belief you can win it.''' ,'''I've played with some great players and against some great players, and Sonny is special, he's so humble and I think that you underestimate that because of the work he puts in, then his quality, outstanding left foot, right foot.''' ,'''It's flattering to be linked with clubs, the rumours give me confidence but I just try to do my best every game.''' ,'''The position as a striker is the hardest one in the Premier League. If you look at some top, top strikers, even they struggle to score goals here.''' ,'''The pace is unbelievable in the Premier League.''' ,'''To be playing in a Champions League final is something to cherish.''' ,'''Sometimes you're a victim of your own success.''' ,'''It's easy to reach a certain level with chess, but it's very hard to reach the next level.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to take a draw.''' ,'''Six years at Ajax and eight years at Tottenham, that reflects the way I want to be as a footballer, I like stability and that is what Benfica offered me and that was very important for me.''' ,'''Football is always a very emotional game, and VAR is changing that a bit.''' ,'''Adama Traore and Diogo Jota are incredibly fast and difficult to stop.''' ,'''In more than 10 years, I've formed three real friendships. Mousa Dembele, for example. We've known each other since we were 12, our wives are from Amsterdam, he lives in London and we both have a kid.''' ,'''With all strikers, it's just about needing a bit of confidence.''' ,'''I was always a shy little guy and people in Holland are famous for having big mouths! So you've got to have a big mouth to defend yourself.''' ,'''I'm definitely not a rebel.''' ,'''I love playing in Europe.''' ,'''Benfica is a club of the people, with ambition domestically and in Europe and that was important to me, I really want to achieve things and Benfica has the same ambitions that I have.''' ,'''I had a great time at Spurs and made lots of friends, and learned lots of things - perhaps even more off the pitch than on the pitch from my family at Spurs, and I will miss everyone.''' ,'''Obviously the leagues are different. The Premier League is much more competitive than the Dutch league.''' ,'''Growing up in Belgium, I played football all of the time, in the garden, on the street.''' ,'''When I won my first trophy, it was just a feeling of 'we want more.'''' ,'''I think the way City spends, I would say it's a lot of money. But they spend it in a responsible way. They attract good players, young players and they cost a lot of money.''' ,'''Januzaj is someone a bit like Origi, there's no pressure and he plays like he's on the street.''' ,'''I am who I am, and I try to influence the team in my own way, especially with my performances on the pitch. If possible, I try to help the team in the dressing room as well by offering encouragement where needed.''' ,'''I think so many things look like a penalty in slow motion.''' ,'''I'm a normal guy who wants to play games, whether it be the first, the 95th or the 97th of my international career.''' ,'''Revenge - I don't think in these words.''' ,'''Vermaelen is like a role model to me. His life is all about football and he's extremely disciplined. I'm more laid-back than he is. Thomas isn't the type of person to go out for a drink on a regular basis, unlike me.''' ,'''Arsenal wanted me to be a controller in the midfield, an Emmanuel Petit-type.''' ,'''I learned how to defend myself at the OSB, not physically but with words.''' ,'''The atmosphere in England is absolutely amazing and I'd be delighted to play in the Premier League.''' ,'''I'm not a guy who wants to push himself into the spotlight or stand out from the crowd.''' ,'''We want to dominate, we want to entertain the crowd and play in a very positive way.''' ,'''I am convinced that if you win one trophy, then the rest will follow.''' ,'''I'm addicted - not video games, but board games.''' ,'''The most important thing when I joined Ajax was to combine it with school.''' ,'''At the start of my career, I had a problem focusing for 90 minutes, but that's the advantage of football: it's a team game.''' ,'''The Premier League is probably the best in the world so if you have a lot of players who play well there, it's normal that they are going to grow as players.''' ,'''I have friends who are Gent fans, and I always drive past their stadium when I go to see my grandmother.''' ,'''I want to play in Europe, as the national team is important for me.''' ,'''I chose Spurs because they gave me a good feeling. I spoke to Daniel Levy and Rafael van der Vaart.''' ,'''I always eat the same thing on game day, or I read a book to calm myself.''' ,'''Obviously you have to trust the VAR to make the right decision.''' ,'''You need to be 100% focused all match long against Zlatan Ibrahimovic.''' ,'''The FA Cup is very important.''' ,'''Ajax is the best academy in the world.''' ,'''I'm not going to say the Dutch league is naive but they all play to win. In the Premier League, you have teams with a different idea.''' ,'''Losing is a tough blow to take.''' ,'''Ajax want to get as much as they can for me, while Spurs want to pay as little as possible.''' ,'''I had doubts about going to Ajax because I don't like moving.''' ,'''I want to play in a cup final.''' ,'''It's one of my goals to play in the best leagues and against the best players.''' ,'''Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie are two of the best strikers in the league and the reason I came to the Premier League was to play against people like them.''' ,'''I don't want to regret anything in my career.''' ,'''It's difficult to gel players.''' ,]
+++