+++
author = "Mark Fuhrman"
title = "Mark Fuhrman Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Mark Fuhrman Quotes"
keywords = "mark fuhrman,mark fuhrman quotes,mark fuhrman quote,mark fuhrman sayings,mark fuhrman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had bought a farm, was trying to rebuild my life and just looking to be left alone. Then I get charged with perjury strictly for political purposes.''' ,'''I don't like having people pick me out on the street. I don't like the status - good, bad or indifferent. I don't like it. I want my private life back, and I'm never going to have it.''' ,'''The Skakel family, when they married into the Kennedys, was so wealthy, they could have purchased the Kennedy family.''' ,'''Rewards are directly proportional to the suspect and his peers' status in society: $100,000 was offered in the Moxley case. It meant nothing to millionaires.''' ,'''Nobody's reported my victories, my accomplishments, my true personality - the way I treat all people.''' ,'''A working detective has no hope of understanding what even experts who devote their lives to the study of criminal psychology can't figure out.''' ,'''Johnnie Cochran hasn't spent 20 years serving people in low-income, minority neighborhoods, ridding them of gangs and narcotics. I have. He hasn't been shot at and punched. I have. I've paid my dues to be able to say I'm not a racist.''' ,'''When I testify, I'll testify. I don't need to sit around chewing my fingernails.''' ,'''When I went through the Simpson case, I was a cop. Then I was a good cop. Then I was a bad cop. Then I had the media camped out in front of my house when I retired. Then, you know, I am the evilest thing on the planet. Then I write a few books, and then I start getting involved, like the Martha Moxley case.''' ,'''I know that on LAPD they have used psychics. They used it on the Hillside strangler case. I'm not sure on the Richard Ramirez case. I can't say one thing or another about it. I've read about it. I really don't have a lot to say about if it works or if it doesn't.''' ,'''Yes, you make mistakes in the old cases where you really think you know who the suspect is, and you probably do, and you make the mistake of relying on people.''' ,'''Pre-meditation can form in split seconds.''' ,'''Any street cop knows you will be sued or involved in some type of litigation throughout your career.''' ,'''I think you have to look at these cold cases. If they're done properly, if the homicides are done properly, and everything's documented properly, you have a lot of concrete statements from those people that they would be able to look at them and refresh their memory.''' ,'''Shortly after her feeding tube is removed, Terri Schiavo receives the Catholic ceremony of last rites. Michael Schiavo stays in a room down the hall. He remains at his wife's side throughout the day, except when her immediate family comes to see Terri.''' ,'''If I could afford it, I'd buy 1,000 acres and put my house right dead-center.''' ,'''After the Simpson trial, after all the bad things Cochran was claiming, I became the most investigated officer in the history of the LAPD.''' ,'''I don't think many people understand what racism is. The intellectuals use it like toilet paper; it's something they can use. It's not something they live.''' ,'''I take full responsibility for my life and my career.''' ,'''Am I a racist? No. That simple. And if that's not good enough for you, too bad.''' ,'''There was never a shred, never a hint, never a possibility - not a remote, not a million-, not a billion-to-one possibility - I could have planted anything. Nor would I have a reason to.''' ,'''I think it's pathetic that a court of law cannot be in a vacuum of the legal system, without the influence of the public threatening to do great bodily harm to people and property. It's really a pathetic statement for our country.''' ,'''If you're a big celebrity, you get money to be private. I'm just a working stiff. I don't get bodyguards or alarm systems.''' ,]
+++