+++
author = "Al Seckel"
title = "Al Seckel Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Al Seckel Quotes"
keywords = "al seckel,al seckel quotes,al seckel quote,al seckel sayings,al seckel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have to admit that I am really partial to the look and feel of a book. I have been that way my entire life. I like the weight, look, and feel of a book. I enjoy turning the pages, and frequently scan the spines of my many books on the wall, each title a reminder of the stored information and creative thoughts contained therein.''' ,'''I like the weight, look, and feel of a book. I enjoy turning the pages, and frequently scan the spines of my many books on the wall, each title a reminder of the stored information and creative thoughts contained therein.''' ,'''It is easier for a libertarian to attack the science of global warming than to alter one's core libertarian beliefs.''' ,'''On the East Coast, people try to make life interesting. On the West Coast, they try to make it comfortable. The emphasis here is on fancy cars, how one looks, less on the mind per se.''' ,'''I have not been part of an active counterculture movement, as it is not the approach that I have personally pursued to create a qualitatively beneficial and meaningful impact on society.''' ,'''I have to admit that I am really partial to the look and feel of a book. I have been that way my entire life.''' ,'''There is a dearth of thinking skills - people are taught what to think, not how.''' ,'''I have not been part of an active counterculture movement, as it is not the approach that I have personally pursued to create a qualitatively beneficial and meaningful impact on society. Perhaps, my belief is along the old saying that 'it is always better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.'''' ,'''I live in one of the coastal cities in Southern California, and every so often I like to take a walk down the boardwalk in Venice during the weekends when it is abuzz with lively activity.''' ,]
+++