+++
author = "Ciara Bravo"
title = "Ciara Bravo Quotes"
quotes_len = "5"
description = "the best 5 Ciara Bravo Quotes"
keywords = "ciara bravo,ciara bravo quotes,ciara bravo quote,ciara bravo sayings,ciara bravo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''Big Time Rush' was a great show, and I had some great experiences. It allowed me to become more of a comedic actress, which is also a great skill to have. But there wasn't a whole lot of tragedy in there. Not quite as dark as 'Red Band Society.' So I've been very lucky to have been able to grow in that sense, just through moving to FOX.''' ,'''I think 'Red Band Society' is unique because not only is it focusing on a pediatric ward, but it's from the view from the patient, not from the view of the doctors. So we're getting to see a whole other side of hospitals and medical series life that we haven't been able to see before.''' ,'''What I really like about 'Red Band Society' is how real it is, and the experiences that they are going through are experiences that everyone is bound to go through at one point or another in their lives.''' ,'''I do live in a couple of worlds. My home is in Kentucky. I fly out to Los Angeles when I'm working.''' ,'''Octavia Spencer rocks. But just as a human being, she's so down-to-earth. Talk about being pleasantly surprised. You walk onto set, and she's making these jokes, and she's playing around with the cast and the crew, and she invited all to her house for a dinner party. She's just a genuinely good person.''' ,]
+++