+++
author = "Bill Lee"
title = "Bill Lee Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Bill Lee Quotes"
keywords = "bill lee,bill lee quotes,bill lee quote,bill lee sayings,bill lee saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People are too hung up on winning. I can get off on a really good helmet throw.''' ,'''I think about the cosmic snowball theory. A few million years from now the sun will burn out and lose its gravitational pull. The earth will turn into a giant snowball and be hurled through space. When that happens it won't matter if I get this guy out.''' ,'''Most of the managers are lifetime .220 hitters. For years pitchers have been getting these managers out 75% of the time and that's why they don't like us.''' ,'''You should enter a ballpark the way you enter a church.''' ,'''That was real baseball. We weren't playing for money. They gave us Mickey Mouse watches that ran backwards.''' ,'''The only rule I got is if you slide, get up.''' ,'''I would change policy, bring back natural grass and nickel beer. Baseball is the belly-button of our society. Straighten out baseball, and you straighten out the rest of the world.''' ,'''The other day they asked me about mandatory drug testing. I said I believed in drug testing a long time ago. All through the sixties I tested everything.''' ,'''Kids don't learn the fundamentals of baseball at the games anymore.''' ,'''The more self-centered and egotistical a guy is, the better ballplayer he's going to be.''' ,'''When cerebral processes enter into sports, you start screwing up. It's like the Constitution, which says separate church and state. You have to separate mind and body.''' ,'''I'm mad at Hank Aaron for deciding to play one more season. I threw him his last home run and thought I'd be remembered forever. Now, I'll have to throw him another.''' ,'''You have two hemispheres in your brain - a left and a right side. The left side controls the right side of your body and right controls the left half. It's a fact. Therefore, left-handers are the only people in their right minds.''' ,]
+++