+++
author = "Patrick Whitesell"
title = "Patrick Whitesell Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Patrick Whitesell Quotes"
keywords = "patrick whitesell,patrick whitesell quotes,patrick whitesell quote,patrick whitesell sayings,patrick whitesell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm from Iowa Falls, Iowa. My dad was a small-town lawyer, and my mom was a pharmacist. She worked at Swartz Drug. I have five older brothers.''' ,'''I'm on Facebook anonymously. I wanted to see how people use it, what's going on there, but I personally didn't want to be on it because everybody in the world tries to get to you with scripts.''' ,'''In Hollywood, there's a network of creative executives, and when they hear something is good, it catches fire.''' ,'''If you look at professional baseball in New York, you can get all 162 Yankee games on television anytime you want. But people still go to the ballpark because they are two different experiences. It's the same with film.''' ,'''TV is still the place to grab the most eyeballs.''' ,'''If brands can find a voice that matches them, and the artist embraces it, they can find a way that would serve them that doesn't feel like a sellout to the artists and has dramatic impact for the brand.''' ,'''I started at an agency called Intertalent. You copy scripts, you pick up people's dry cleaning, you take their dogs to the vet, you deliver packages, you do whatever they want you to do.''' ,'''If you're a young actor, unless you're on a very short list at the studios, we have to be very creative about moving your career along. Otherwise, all we can do is hope to get lucky and find that perfect role that pops you into stardom.''' ,'''With the world changing fast, we needed capital for investments. There's only so much bandwidth in your own balance sheet.''' ,'''There's no question there needs to be higher-paying opportunities for women. It's not that it hasn't existed in certain categories: Certain women have made a lot of money... Jennifer Lawrence... is being paid a lot of money, rightfully so, for the franchises she's in.''' ,'''When you live in a small town like Iowa Falls, there's not a lot to do, so we would, as a family, watch a ton of films.''' ,'''Red Interactive, the digital advertising agency, is a real, systemic kind of business, as opposed to a one-off thing. We can help advertisers frustrated by old media find clients they can work with.''' ,'''We saw simply distribution was changing, content, premium content, premium stars; we're going to be able to do more in the world as it evolves.''' ,'''Fifteen- to 30-year-olds are interested in all kinds of intelligent movies - it doesn't have to be a broad comedy or an action adventure for them to go see it.''' ,'''Usually when you get a script from actors, you don't have high expectations.''' ,'''I don't think Hollywood will be the place that innovates great technology, but if people underestimate how they monetize content, they're sorely mistaken.''' ,'''We're in the service business by nature, but when we can transition that into ownership things, we love it. Our clients love it, too. We get deluged with offers to get involved with this or that. Silver Lake helps us funnel those opportunities.''' ,'''I think media people know we're good at making content and how we can be smart about how to consume it. It's always a balance.''' ,'''We're in conversations with brands worldwide for a variety of artists every day.''' ,'''It's almost an impossible thing to get a movie made that is written by two actors who want to star in it, when no one knows who they are. The only time it happened that I know of was when Sylvester Stallone did it in 'Rocky.'''' ,'''We've got to be proactive. It's my job to look for unconventional situations that achieve what my clients want.''' ,]
+++