+++
author = "Marc Bolan"
title = "Marc Bolan Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Marc Bolan Quotes"
keywords = "marc bolan,marc bolan quotes,marc bolan quote,marc bolan sayings,marc bolan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think I am a child. Everything blows my mind.''' ,'''My head is perfectly clean inside.''' ,'''The prospect of being immortal doesn't excite me, but the prospect of being a materialistic idol for four years does appeal.''' ,'''I just dig dancing.''' ,'''There is so little time for us all; I need to be able to say what I want quickly and to as many people as possible.''' ,'''I'm serious about the music, but I'm not serious about the fantasy. It's no big deal being on TV!''' ,'''I honestly feel it could all end tomorrow. Not just the band thing - I mean life.''' ,'''I don't like telephones.''' ,'''I am the 'Cosmic Dancer' who dances his way out of the womb and into the tomb on 'Electric Warrior.' I'm not frightened to get up there and groove about in front of six million people on TV because it doesn't look cool. That's the way I would do it at home.''' ,'''There is so little time for us all, I need to be able to say what I want quickly and to as many people as possible. Time passes so slowly if you are unaware of it and so quickly if you are aware of it.''' ,'''I feel there is a curse on rock stars.''' ,'''I mean, I am my own fantasy.''' ,'''All rock musicians are deaf... Or insensitive to mellow sounds.''' ,'''I've always been a wriggler. I just dig dancing.''' ,'''I personally believe that I was... a previous life or something... a previous reincarnation, a bard of some sort, because most of the things I write about are descriptions of places I've never been to.''' ,'''If God were to appear in my room, obviously I would be in awe, but I don't think I would be humble. I might cry, but I think he would dig me like crazy.''' ,'''I tend to play a lot of blues things at home, because most blues things are basically within a 12-bar pattern.''' ,'''Be strong and follow your own convictions. You can't assume there is a lot of time to do what you like. This is what David Bowie is afraid of: that he will die before he gets a chance to make a real strong contribution.''' ,]
+++