+++
author = "Bridget Moynahan"
title = "Bridget Moynahan Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Bridget Moynahan Quotes"
keywords = "bridget moynahan,bridget moynahan quotes,bridget moynahan quote,bridget moynahan sayings,bridget moynahan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's not a second I regret having a child on my own.''' ,'''Tom Selleck brings in the babes of all ages, I have to tell you. You can be 60, 80, or 16 and still love that man.''' ,'''Are you trying to manipulate me? It's working.''' ,'''I have become that mother I used to dread.''' ,'''I'm raising a child, and it's public. The media creates these dramas, and that's not what's happening in my life.''' ,'''I'm not sure anyone - and I could be wrong in this - grows up thinking, I want to be a single mom.''' ,'''Our structure has always been two homes, and that's all my son has ever known. So you balance it. Make sure you have good support with your family and friends and nannies.''' ,'''All of a sudden, you have this newborn you have no training for. It's frightening.''' ,'''If you go from a structure where you have the support and that partner and that construction of a family and that's broken apart, I think that's probably a lot harder than always being a single mom and having the father being a support in another area.''' ,'''Going through that traumatic time of being heartbroken and then being pregnant turned my whole life upside down and inside out and just knocked the wind out of me. But I got so much out of that.''' ,'''I miss the noise in New York: the sound of taxis and that constant buzz the city has.''' ,'''There's nothing like a good pair of heels.''' ,'''When you're suddenly pregnant and no one is standing by your side, even if you're in your 30s, it's a hard conversation. I'm a traditional girl, and I believe in marriage, and I just always thought that's the way I'd be doing this.''' ,'''Everyone says, 'You give birth, you go home, and you have this amazing baby and it's just beautiful'. And I walked in and I just started sobbing.''' ,'''I'm not one of those people who thinks they simply deserve success. I have the drive to work.''' ,'''My son has two loving parents and an extended family, whether it's cousins or stepmothers or boyfriends. My son is surrounded by love.''' ,]
+++