+++
author = "Gennaro Gattuso"
title = "Gennaro Gattuso Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Gennaro Gattuso Quotes"
keywords = "gennaro gattuso,gennaro gattuso quotes,gennaro gattuso quote,gennaro gattuso sayings,gennaro gattuso saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The last problem Milan have to worry about is Rino Gattuso. I feel at home here and have great responsibility towards this club. Those aren't just words, I really mean it.''' ,'''Milan are like my family; I have done some good and some less good things during my career, but the club have always helped me so much.''' ,'''Astori was a great player on and off the pitch. He is a great example for all young men. I hope we never forget him. It's important to remember men like him.''' ,'''There was a rule at Rangers, going back to the 1950s, that players needed to turn up for every training session dressed in a suit and tie. I was a teenager. You'd have been lucky to see me in a jacket even on a Sunday - it just wasn't my style.''' ,'''You can't try to keep someone against their will, or it's difficult to get them to listen or have the right mentality.''' ,'''I will always remain heart and grit.''' ,'''I have been compared with Antonio Conte and it is an honour to be compared with him. I would love to enjoy the same success he has had as a coach.''' ,'''Piatek is a player that lives to score goals.''' ,'''Life can be very strange.''' ,'''I am just enjoying the dream of being Milan coach at the age of 40.''' ,'''I must do my all, try to win every game.''' ,'''I was always harsh on myself as a player and I am the same as a coach, but it's the only way I know how to improve.''' ,'''I am the coach, all I do is train the players who are put at my disposal.''' ,'''I have never gambled in my life.''' ,'''There have been some stressful months since taking over at Milan, but I think I've improved a lot in terms of character.''' ,'''There's a God of football, who makes you reap all that you've sown.''' ,'''Always protecting the players is not good.''' ,'''You cannot just copy and paste Carlo Ancelotti. He's been coaching for 20 years now and I have never heard a player complaining about him.''' ,'''I think my style is perfectly suited to the way the game is played in the U.K.''' ,'''I don't even know what it means to fix a match,I wouldn't know where to start.''' ,'''When you're on the pitch, you should never give up and concede easy goals.''' ,'''It is a great honour for me to be the Milan coach. It's a lot of pressure and responsibility too, but I like that.''' ,'''Our mind must be free in order to express our qualities.''' ,'''Deciding to leave Milan's bench is not easy. But it's a decision I had to make.''' ,'''Perhaps I am the worst coach in Serie A, but I always want to win, even playing in the garden with my son.''' ,'''It's difficult to find someone better than Milik. However, when a player believes his time at a club is over and he wants a change of scenery, you have to listen to him.''' ,'''Sometimes you need to play with a knife between your teeth.''' ,'''I can mark Messi only in my dreams.''' ,'''I shared so much with Massimo Oddo. He's an intelligent and funny guy whose success speaks for him. He got a few slaps in the face from me for his pranks, as we had very different ideas on how to prepare for a game.''' ,'''I will listen to the advice that Montella gives me, as he's a great coach.''' ,'''At Milan, Kaka used to work even when we had two or three days off. And our fitness coach, Daniele Tognaccini, made him run.''' ,'''I am not good at making people understand certain things.''' ,'''I always try to field the best team.''' ,'''I like good food and talking about football.''' ,'''You have to respect the wishes of the player.''' ,'''I spend a lot of time working.''' ,'''I don't hold back, if I have something to say to someone, I'll say it to their face.''' ,'''There is a great deal of fair play in English football.''' ,'''I won't lie, I stole a lot of ideas from Giampaolo.''' ,'''Ancelotti is like a father to me. He's always been close to me and supported me. He's won it all and I still have a lot to prove.''' ,'''If you don't train in a certain way because you think you won't play, you have to do more in the week to show why you deserve to play.''' ,'''It's a must to continue getting positive results and to give playing time to as many players as possible. This way we also administrate our energy levels.''' ,'''Kaka, he made history with Milan and if he is loved so much it means he did well.''' ,'''It's true: sometimes Balotelli could behave better, but it also happens to me. I have a similar character, Balotelli is also a very strong player, but if you protest against the referee for every decision, it's logical you are going to irritate the fans.''' ,'''It's important that everyone rows in the same direction because I need all my players, those who don't get much playing time too.''' ,'''I like aggressive football and for players to put pressure on the ball.''' ,'''Gasperini works really well, if Inter picked him up, it is naturally because they had good reasons.''' ,'''I can't really see women in football, I don't like to say it but that's how it is.''' ,'''The world of football has given me more than I deserved. But you always think of your family first.''' ,'''Being a player and being a coach is really not the same thing at all.''' ,'''If the glass is half-full or half-empty, it remains the same glass.''' ,'''In life, when what has happened happens to you, you don't digest it.''' ,'''In football, it's not enough just to be amazing, but you also have to have a clear head. If you're not calm, it becomes very difficult.''' ,'''I fear nothing.''' ,'''Everyone gets in a bad mood at some point - a striker because there is allegedly a new striker on the way, the same for a midfielder.''' ,'''Milan is my second skin.''' ,'''You have to admit your mistakes and apologise for them.''' ,'''I'm not one to make calculations, I'm spontaneous and I prefer it that way.''' ,'''Dybala is three pages ahead of the rest in the football manual.''' ,'''It's only normal, I am a player, who doesn't want to play in a European Championship quarter-final?''' ,'''Wilshere had a lot of physical problems and is a player I always appreciated, but he's unusual. He combines English grit with Spanish technique. I like him a lot.''' ,'''We need to take examples from Flippo Inzaghi.''' ,'''No group in any sector can go anywhere without rules.''' ,'''We have to be humble and respect our opponents who are stronger than us.''' ,'''Berlusconi knows about everything. I am lucky to have known him.''' ,'''After World Cup 2010 in South Africa I will no longer play for la Nazionale.''' ,'''I too was a player for many years, I realise there are moments when we all see things differently and cannot judge how someone else thinks.''' ,'''Ancelotti is very clever, very clever.''' ,'''I knew from day one what I was going into with the Milan job.''' ,'''English football is very, very difficult. It is very disciplined.''' ,'''I don't think Italy is a racist country, because there are so many immigrants.''' ,'''As long as my players show respect - not for me, but for the locker room, their team-mates and the club - I will tear my heart out of my chest and let them play keepy-uppy with it.''' ,'''Everyone says Cristiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi, but I would have love to have played with Luka Modric. I think he's an incredible player, really strong mentally and a pure footballer.''' ,'''Let's call a spade a spade - this Kaka of Real Madrid is not the same Kaka we used to know.''' ,'''Kessie is far better than I ever was, because he has seven or eight goals in his legs per season.''' ,'''I pretend to be calm, it's not a word in my vocabulary.''' ,'''Perhaps I've committed some technical and tactical mistakes and I'll look to correct them.''' ,'''Respect and consistency, as hard work during the week is the only way to earn your place.''' ,'''I was a player for 20 years. When there was something bothering me, I couldn't perform to my usual standard. When your wife is annoying you, for instance, it's not easy to do your best work, is it?''' ,'''Sometimes you change just to do something different, to improve the performance, lift the team.''' ,'''As far as I am concerned, Donnarumma is one of the most important goalkeepers in the world.''' ,'''We can't think that we can control the game for 90 minutes.''' ,'''In times of difficulty we all have to understand our responsibilities.''' ,'''My motto is 'show respect to those who show respect to you.'''' ,'''Am I afraid of President Maurizio Zamparini's reputation for hiring and firing? No, the only thing I fear is death!''' ,'''Ancelotti, for me, is a great person - a great manager.''' ,'''The World Cup is always difficult, you need to come physically prepared.''' ,'''Being grumpy at not playing is part of the job. If I see someone who is constantly on the bench smiling and laughing, then that's no good either.''' ,'''Piatek is a man of few words.''' ,'''Many teams in Europe have no money.''' ,'''It's not an easy job being a coach.''' ,'''Players have to let themselves be helped.''' ,'''In life you cannot accept some things, but football has given me a lot and a great passion.''' ,'''Let's just say that I feel I have the ambition and determination to succeed as a coach.''' ,'''We cannot have players who don't give their soul.''' ,'''You have to spend a lot of money to build strong sides.''' ,'''Sometimes I can be a little ignorant.''' ,'''I don't like getting pinned back with a line of four in midfield. You risk losing too much space.''' ,'''I'm objective because I tell the truth.''' ,'''You need to ensure you are ready and impress when called upon.''' ,]
+++