+++
author = "Emilie De Ravin"
title = "Emilie De Ravin Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Emilie De Ravin Quotes"
keywords = "emilie de ravin,emilie de ravin quotes,emilie de ravin quote,emilie de ravin sayings,emilie de ravin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not very fit.''' ,'''I think the simpler it is when you have a crazy character to play is almost more creepy and interesting.''' ,'''I do love children, but I don't really talk about that in auditions.''' ,'''Shopping stresses me out.''' ,'''I don't know if I really watched any Disney animation as a kid.''' ,'''When I go gray, I'm not going to be able to see it that much. I won't be salt and pepper: I'll be like salt and the white pepper you can buy.''' ,'''I always felt like I was born in the wrong time period. I felt like I should've been born in the mid-to-late '40s.''' ,'''I get recognised, but I'm not the sort of person who frequents popular clubs. I try to keep out of that.''' ,'''I always try and take something from each job.''' ,'''Once in a while, it's fun to dress up for a premiere. But I'm not someone that's going to stick on heels and a dress every day.''' ,'''Love is such an objective thing. I mean, I can say I love my family, or I love my Diet Coke. So I guess, in different ways, yeah, I do believe in love.''' ,'''I think no matter whether you're old or young or dying or living, to get to a place where you feel fulfilled and content is really rare and really cool.''' ,'''I'd like to play with a period piece. Playing a girl next door in 2010 is so different from playing one in 1950, the way you talk, walk, dress, relationships. It's really fun studying all that.''' ,'''I really want to explore every genre that I can.''' ,'''My earliest memory is seeing Michael Jackson in Melbourne with my sister when I was about ten. I still have this souvenir stick with a glove that would light up and make a peace sign in a bunch of different colors. I'm so happy my mom didn't throw that out.''' ,'''I don't want to pigeonhole myself in one character or genre. I want to challenge myself as much as I can.''' ,'''I'm kind of a homebody. I like to sit at home and watch movies and eat good food.''' ,'''I love New York. I've always loved New York.''' ,'''If you're getting ready to do a really emotional scene then, right before it, you're probably not going to be outside playing basketball.''' ,''''Twilight' and 'Remember Me' couldn't be more different.''' ,'''I miss my family so much. My ideal holiday is just to hang out with them.''' ,]
+++