+++
author = "Sebastian Giovinco"
title = "Sebastian Giovinco Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Sebastian Giovinco Quotes"
keywords = "sebastian giovinco,sebastian giovinco quotes,sebastian giovinco quote,sebastian giovinco sayings,sebastian giovinco saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Off the pitch, I'm a little bit reserved, but I'm always smiling.''' ,'''Every goal for me is beautiful.''' ,'''I got my ball-handling skills naturally. I know I can get better, and I will get better, but it's something I was born with.''' ,'''I'd like to thank the fans and my teammates for four special years playing for Toronto FC.''' ,'''I don't really care if I'm the face or the image of MLS or not.''' ,'''I have a very strong personality.''' ,'''I am quick and very good technically and like to entertain fans that come to the stadium.''' ,'''I've been watching all the games I can from MLS on television.''' ,'''It's true, in the past there was interest from Barcelona, but I'd have been a ball boy there.''' ,'''For me every goal is the best goal.''' ,'''Everyone looks at MLS in a different way, of course. Because of the players coming in, it's a better league than before, of course. Everyone can see that there is potential to improve.''' ,'''I just wanted to change my life. I wanted to change everything. The first team that called me was Toronto FC. It was a quick choice.''' ,'''I will take a picture with anyone who wants one. All they have to do is ask. If I don't want to take a picture, there is an easy way to solve that problem - I don't leave my house.''' ,'''My first idea before coming to TFC was to change my life.''' ,'''I can confidently say that I significantly contributed in making unprecedented history at TFC.''' ,'''Having a good defensive line allows you to play better because it's less stressful in terms of defending.''' ,'''After having grown the brand and elevating the overall reputation of TFC both at home and abroad, it seems I no longer serve a purpose.''' ,'''I want to be the best. If you score, if you assist, if you win, you are the best.''' ,'''I am not very tall but I am intelligent as a soccer player.''' ,'''In Juventus you learn to win.''' ,'''Toronto has been home to me and my family for almost 5 years. I arrived here from Italy in January 2015 and immediately felt something special.''' ,'''I can speak English on the field but it's difficult with media.''' ,'''I like white shoes mostly. Sometimes I like simple, sometimes I like strange, but I don't look for anything special.''' ,'''Since I left Juventus, which remains the strongest team in Italy, I never thought about playing for another Italian club. I'm just not thinking about it.''' ,'''When I was back in Italy my friends ask me about MLS. I say I am happy, I like it here.''' ,'''My motivation is like it is always, try to be the best and try to win, that is part of my character.''' ,'''I certainly don't miss Italy, as I am happy in Canada and have no intention of returning.''' ,'''Through hard work, passion and determination my teammates and I transformed TFC and made it one of the best clubs in MLS and in North America.''' ,'''In Italy, I had many problems... I wanted to find a city, a team, that from the beginning welcomed me.''' ,]
+++