+++
author = "Hugh Dancy"
title = "Hugh Dancy Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Hugh Dancy Quotes"
keywords = "hugh dancy,hugh dancy quotes,hugh dancy quote,hugh dancy sayings,hugh dancy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''So to answer your question, I'm not entirely sure how I ended up where I am today, in the sense that nobody in my family is an actor. It just happened by mistake.''' ,'''I think becoming an actor because it's a ridiculously insecure profession to go into. I feel very comfortable but very lucky. I think any time that you imagine that it's plain sailing for hereon in, then you're kidding yourself.''' ,'''But no, I don't think I'm particularly drawn to the period roles or the medieval roles.''' ,'''But one of the most fantastic things about Ireland and Dublin is that the pubs are like Paris and the cafe culture. And Dublin, in many ways, is a pub culture.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to be an actor when I was growing up, really. So when I decided to go to university instead of drama school, it was with the intention of becoming an actor afterwards.''' ,'''I think for anybody reading the book they're going to get an idea in their heads of all those characters, and I think that once that gets fixed, it's quite hard to shake.''' ,'''In my experience it's not essential to get on with the person that you're acting opposite.''' ,'''Besides, most of the books I like involve people I could never play in a million years.''' ,'''You can still have chemistry on screen without getting on with the person. But it just makes your job a lot easier if you don't have to gird your loins, if that's not quite the right phrase, every time you're going to do a scene with that person.''' ,'''No, I'm not a lager lout either. I think you have to be a massive football fan to be a lager lout.''' ,'''I've not as yet found one hobby that would absorb me completely when I'm not working, but I have just bought a new apartment and didn't quite bargain for the amount of effort and time and money that that absorbs.''' ,'''As always, there's a couple of things in the pipeline - but that pipeline is a strange and ambiguous place.''' ,'''The little song and dance number at the end - that's me, my voice, howling out. It was a new experience for me. I've never sung before and I've certainly never sung on screen. I think I sung on stage when I was 13 and for some reason nobody's asked me to try it again since.''' ,'''Specifically, we talked about making the character of the prince not so charming, at least in the beginning, and I'm playing around with the preconceptions attached to a character. That's really what intrigued me as well because I thought it would be fun to do it.''' ,'''Ireland. Great for the spirit - very bad for the body.''' ,'''In reality, for me every role is completely different.''' ,'''Well, fluffy shirts are, by definition, very comfortable.''' ,'''I think I can lead a pretty anonymous life, yeah.''' ,'''There's no one actor in particular that I want to model my career after, except for the people who have been able to keep their career varied and who choose things that interest them. That opportunity is all I really want.''' ,'''Because I don't really think of myself as a hunk, to be honest.''' ,'''When I got back I found myself being very emotional about the time spent in Rwanda in a way that I hadn't been able to or allowed myself to be when we were there.''' ,]
+++