+++
author = "Canelo Alvarez"
title = "Canelo Alvarez Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Canelo Alvarez Quotes"
keywords = "canelo alvarez,canelo alvarez quotes,canelo alvarez quote,canelo alvarez sayings,canelo alvarez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm prepared for Amir Khan moving swiftly - or for whatever style he comes out using. I prepared with sparring, in the style similar to what he uses.''' ,'''I will fight the fight I need to fight to win.''' ,'''I fought the best; I've never been afraid of anyone.''' ,'''There are great legends and great fighters in the history of Mexico, and there will be more to come.''' ,'''What I do is I do my job.''' ,'''I already have a lot of experience, but the best is yet to come.''' ,'''My public in Guadalajara and the people from Guadalajara, they've supported me since day one.''' ,'''My preference is not to fight a Mexican.''' ,'''I like to stand right in front of my opponent. I think it makes for an exciting fight.''' ,'''I feel honored that the Hispanic community in the United States have embraced me. I'm really happy and honored to receive their support.''' ,'''When I first stepped into the boxing gym, I loved it. I knew it was what I was going to do.''' ,'''You always try to fight someone from another country. But having said that, the public knows, everybody knows, when there's two Mexicans in the ring, there will be a war.''' ,'''I don't give myself titles. I don't think of that.''' ,'''It's a big responsibility and great motiviation to be a Mexican fighter who is admired, and I thank God for the support I get from Mexicans on both sides of the border.''' ,'''I'm the kind of person who visualizes things before doing them.''' ,'''There have been numerous tips and numerous people offering advice. I appreciate it because it all comes with good feelings from the heart. But some of it we'll apply, and some things we won't.''' ,'''I have a noble body. It adapts to all I ask of it.''' ,'''I'm happy to fight anybody.''' ,'''I'm 25 years old; I've had a good career, and the best is yet to come. I want to fight for the next 10 years, which will be better than my first 10 years.''' ,'''If I can utilise anything, I'll utilise it.''' ,'''Angulo presents a difficult challenge because he's a fighter who can punch and take a great punch.''' ,'''If other people want to say that I'm the next person in boxing, then that's up to them. That's their opinion.''' ,'''I love to push myself.''' ,'''I take the time to look at my videos after a fight to see not what I did right but what I did wrong, to learn from those mistakes.''' ,'''Liam Smith was a resilient fighter. He was tough, has a lot of heart. He thinks before he attacks.''' ,'''There might well have been an Irish great-great-grandfather of mine back then in the 1800s.''' ,'''I'm not worried at all about going to 160 lb.''' ,'''My goal in boxing is to be the best.''' ,'''I do two months of strict dieting, so after fight night, I go for whatever my body is craving. It's usually sushi. But after that, I go home to Guadalajara and indulge in a lot of tacos before I have to start getting in shape for another fight.''' ,'''I'm focused on being the best, making history.''' ,'''A fighter lives in his training camp, and I'm not always paying attention to what is happening on the outside. But I do know the Mexican people and the Mexican-American people in this country are very hard-working people. That's my only comment about Donald Trump.''' ,'''If you don't take an opponent serious, they surprise you.''' ,'''Boxing is the most beautiful thing after women.''' ,'''I get motivated by the fact people are following me, that they want a photo or say 'vamos' or 'Canelo.'''' ,'''I'm confident in the fighter I am, and I have nothing to worry about.''' ,'''My camps are always ten weeks. That's what makes me comfortable.''' ,'''Every fight is a different experience.''' ,'''As far being the face of boxing, I don't like to name myself that. I leave that up to the media and the fans.''' ,'''At times, training at home is a distraction, so training in Big Bear was a really good change.''' ,'''I was made fun of at a young age. I would fight a lot in the streets, and it has a lot to do with the way I am today. It helped my development as a fighter, but what can I say?''' ,'''I don't focus much on video. I watch here and there, perhaps two or three of my opponent's fights. That gives me a good idea of his style.''' ,'''It would be a dream to be the face of boxing, to be No. 1.''' ,'''I appreciate my international fans all over the world.''' ,'''I just want to create my own history.''' ,'''I'm very happy with what I've accomplished, but we're going for more.''' ,'''My record speaks for itself.''' ,'''I want to be like a Muhammad Ali, like a Julio Cesar Chavez. So when people talk about boxing, they have to remember Canelo.''' ,'''The more desperate you are, the more mistakes you make.''' ,'''I feel comfortable at 154 lbs.''' ,'''Every fight brings out something different in me, and it will be no different in this one. I have learned and gained from all of those experiences. And as I've often said, the public hasn't seen the best of me yet. I need someone like Mayweather to bring that out of me.''' ,'''I have to stay calm, cool, and collected.''' ,'''If I lift any weights, I do it more for explosion, but I really use my body weight to build up muscle and strength.''' ,'''Athletes can definitely have an impact on society. And it's great that athletes can be a part of uniting the population.''' ,'''I love brawling, but I'm a smart fighter.''' ,'''I'm training and preparing because nothing is predictable in boxing. I'm preparing for those rounds, and if it happens that I get a shot, whatever advantage I have, I will be ready for 12 rounds.''' ,'''For the entirety of my career, I have taken the fights that no one wanted because I fear no man.''' ,'''When I go running, I see Mexicans working hard.''' ,'''I expect a tough, hard fight. Liam Smith is coming to win.''' ,'''I'm very conscious of Miguel Cotto's career... I need to do my part on that night to have victory and create my own legacy in this sport of boxing.''' ,'''I don't prepare myself for a specific fighter. I don't choose a fight to prepare myself for another fighter.''' ,'''If the people like watching me, see me as an example of someone succeeding, as a young guy who has the will to win, then I'm happy.''' ,'''I had 45 amateur fights, and I was able to win two national titles in those three years as an amateur.''' ,'''I always train 100 percent.''' ,'''I've always been able to put things in perspective.''' ,'''My job is to train hard, go fight, and do my best.''' ,'''Fighting Manny Pacquiao in the future - there's possibilities it could happen. But whatever happens in the future happens in the future.''' ,'''What matters most is the win.''' ,'''I work a lot of conditioning and stamina.''' ,'''The people decide who's No. 1, the best in boxing.''' ,'''I prepare myself to fight; I prepare myself for myself.''' ,'''I have a love for boxing.''' ,'''Obviously I'm fast, and I'm going to have to utilize that speed, but I'm also going to have to be smart. I'm also strong, and I have a punch, so I'm going to have to use all my qualities to be able to fight against Angulo, and I just feel whoever's the best prepared that night is going to win.''' ,'''Getting to fight at the AT&T Stadium is a huge privilege for me and my career.''' ,'''Sometimes, once a fight starts, you have to do what you have to do to win.''' ,'''I never think about the knockouts. I go into every fight, do my work, and none of that stuff puts pressure on me at all.''' ,'''You can have the best training, but just feeling full can make you sluggish and cause you to lose.''' ,'''I'm a strong fighter, I'm a fighter who can adapt to my surroundings.''' ,'''I will fight 'GGG,' and I will beat 'GGG,' but I will not be forced into the ring by artificial deadlines.''' ,'''I train to fight, to win.''' ,'''I like working with my own body weight, and I just do the best job I can to be healthy and strong, both before and after a fight.''' ,'''I want to challenge the best, and I'm ready.''' ,'''I look like this for a reason. I was born this way. It was God-given.''' ,'''I was taunted because I was different.''' ,'''I started boxing because of my brother. And then I came to admire the all-time greats, like Roberto Duran and Muhammad Ali. I'd say I admired Ali more than any fighter in my life.''' ,'''I don't know a lot about politics.''' ,'''I just love what I do. I'm not worried about any burnout.''' ,'''I've learned from every single fight, every single opponent - some great fighters.''' ,'''There's a lot more to me than just power.''' ,'''I don't fear anyone. We don't come to play in this sport.''' ,'''When I was 15 years old, I left school and became a professional boxer.''' ,'''I'm honored and blessed by God to be in the sport I love, and I want to accomplish all the goals I set in the sport of boxing - to be successful and make history.''' ,'''There are boxing fans, and there are fans of the UFC. People want to see blood, but people like both.''' ,'''There are no secrets - I've been fighting around 154 lbs and 155 lbs, so I feel comfortable at this weight. This is my weight class.''' ,'''I do work on a little bit of weights just to get my power up.''' ,'''I'm a strong-minded fighter.''' ,'''In Mexico, you have to defend yourself and your honour.''' ,'''Many people focus on my power and talk about my power, but I have many more qualities in the ring. I like to surprise everyone.''' ,'''I have been fighting the best. I am just 26 and have fought in the biggest arenas.''' ,'''It is a big responsibility to headline on pay-per-view.''' ,'''My fans are going to support me through thick and thin; 100 per cent, they'll always support me.''' ,]
+++