+++
author = "Glenn Hughes"
title = "Glenn Hughes Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Glenn Hughes Quotes"
keywords = "glenn hughes,glenn hughes quotes,glenn hughes quote,glenn hughes sayings,glenn hughes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love the art form of songwriting. I get to carry a lot of vibes to a lot of people. My songs are all about the human condition, and people will be able to find themselves in my songs.''' ,'''I joke to people in the press that I realize I'm not black, I'm actually white. But I've got these roots in black American music. I love it.''' ,'''I think the greatest records we've ever heard, from Zeppelin to Purple to Sabbath to The Who, were all recorded in the studio live.''' ,'''Playin' bass runs and singin' lead vox, is sometimes difficult, but I have three words for you: Practice, practice, practice!''' ,'''I think I'm better than I was in my younger days, because I'm exploring deep lyrical material, and I've been sober for a while now.''' ,'''I'm not driven by the mighty dollar.''' ,'''When I sing, I pick out people in the audience and pinpoint on them. So if you feel that I am singing just for you, you may be right!''' ,'''I heard the Beatles and the Stones, and Mom bought me an electric guitar. I played lead for four years and then switched to bass. One day someone suggested that I should sing, so I sheepishly stepped up to the microphone and the rest is rock history.''' ,'''Some people might go to the gym and swim laps, but I write songs. Every single day, I write something new and record it.''' ,'''Listen to your inner-voice: Surround yourself with loving, nurturing people. Fall in love with your art and find yourself. Music is the great communicator.''' ,'''I was very famous as a young man and I celebrated both the good and bad times with drinking.''' ,'''When I embraced the rock hat, when I put it on two or three years ago, when I realized I'm gonna go and make really focused rock albums, it felt like wearing an old shoe. It was a perfect fit.''' ,'''Every single day, I write something new and record it.''' ,'''A lot of other bass players have told me I'm the only bass player who plays with a pick but sounds like he's playing with the thumb and fingers, which is a great compliment.''' ,'''Am I the man who killed Deep Purple? I don't think so. I think every band from that era, even if you look at Led Zeppelin, if you look at their first four albums, they're extremely different from one another, and I've never made the same album twice.''' ,]
+++