+++
author = "Evelyn Ashford"
title = "Evelyn Ashford Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Evelyn Ashford Quotes"
keywords = "evelyn ashford,evelyn ashford quotes,evelyn ashford quote,evelyn ashford sayings,evelyn ashford saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Before me, sprinters retired at 23 or 24. I run because I still like it, I can make a living, and I feel I was born to do it. And because people tell me I can't do it.''' ,'''I've noticed that since I've been pregnant I see babies everywhere. I love talking to them. I never used to really like kids that much. I guess it comes out of you naturally.''' ,'''I have a nice family and I'm well rounded.''' ,'''I always want to be the best and if I can't, I don't want to run.''' ,'''I am thrilled to be 31, still running and having my daughter watch me even if it is on TV.''' ,'''I want it all. Fame, fortune and all the commercials there are to do.''' ,'''I take pride in everything I do. I don't want to be handed anything. I want to earn it.''' ,'''I can't run forever. I decided to go back to school for my degree, because I know now there's more to life than track.''' ,'''The fastest way to get me to go out and do something is to tell me no way I can do it.''' ,'''Whatever muscles I have are the product of my own hard work and nothing else.''' ,'''I want to combine a business major with studies in clothing and textiles.''' ,'''I can feel the wind go by when I run. It feels good. It feels fast.''' ,'''When I'm running fast, I don't feel anything, it's effortless, it's like my feet don't even touch the ground, it's like I'm flying.''' ,'''Now, I talk to athletes who answer questions with a 'yeah'. I realize I used to do that. Or they answer very quickly and you stand there trying to come up with another question to ask. I've seen both sides and it's been very educational.''' ,'''I was single-minded and I had tunnel vision. Now it's time for a change.''' ,]
+++