+++
author = "Jofra Archer"
title = "Jofra Archer Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jofra Archer Quotes"
keywords = "jofra archer,jofra archer quotes,jofra archer quote,jofra archer sayings,jofra archer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't need to run in and bowl 90mph every spell to get wickets.''' ,'''There is nothing worse for a bowler than knowing you cannot give your all. If you try to, you can mess yourself up for the future, so you are torn between that and protecting your body. You simply cannot do both.''' ,'''When tournaments are on the horizon, I feel teams in general and particularly England get stronger because everyone wants to show they should be in the XI.''' ,'''It's really hard to get a chance in Barbados.''' ,'''In bowlers' meetings we talk a lot about patience here in India. You need that more than anywhere in the world. Outfields are fast, pitches are slow, the ball gets soft. Bowlers are more crucial than batters.''' ,'''Being qualified means I can spend a bit more time at home.''' ,'''I only like my mom's coleslaw.''' ,'''You're not always going to be able to run in and blast someone out. Sometimes it might be different lines and lengths, change-ups or reductions in pace.''' ,'''That's the one thing about being in India. You get to experience superstardom. In England, no one bothers you, really.''' ,'''India is a hard place to play.''' ,'''If you're going to play in all three formats, you can't play all the games. You probably play two Test matches, miss the last one and take some time off and maybe come back for the second ODI or second T20.''' ,'''Cricket is hard enough: stand up for yourself and stand up for the team.''' ,'''At the end of the day, human beings are social people. If you have had a bad day, there is no escape when you are in a bubble.''' ,'''I think no crowds is probably sucking most of the excitement out of the game.''' ,'''No one will bowl at 90mph all day every day. There will be spells when you have to bowl within yourself.''' ,'''I might actually get a calendar just to cross them down to feel like the days are going faster.''' ,'''Body management is going to be essential if I want to play most of the matches.''' ,'''I had one injury in pretty much a year of cricket, and it was my first since being in the England team, so I'm very happy to be back, touch wood.''' ,'''You're young and you want to play, you have got to make the most of your youth because before you know it, you're 20, 21 or even 25 if you're unlucky, and you're still trialing and hoping to get a chance. And then a lot of people don't take chances on guys who are a little bit older.''' ,'''I'd urge any kid to want to play Test cricket.''' ,'''That's cricket. Some days are good, some are bad. No one is going to be amazing all the time. Sometimes I feel it's not a fair world - really and truly.''' ,'''I'm just being honest, if I get one wicket or three, the way I bowl doesn't change.''' ,'''I don't want to look too far ahead.''' ,'''Cricket is also a bit more of a social game. You are never too far away from one of your other team-mates, so you can always wander over for a bit of a chat. For example, if I am at mid-off, I could always wander over to mid-on and have a joke with Stuart Broad.''' ,'''The hand issue I had throughout the India tour, and which eventually led to surgery, no doubt took people by surprise.''' ,'''In the IPL the batters have to come at you, whereas in Test cricket they can sit on you for a full session if they want and if the pitch is dead there is nothing you can do about it.''' ,'''Obviously in T20, variations are important whereas bowling lots of slower balls in a Test isn't going to help anyone.''' ,'''To be straight, if I play and don't bowl 90 miles an hour it's going to be news. If I don't bowl 90 miles per hour for long enough it's going to be news. If I don't put my left sock on first, it's going to be news. I understand that is the scrutiny of playing at this level and being in that spotlight.''' ,'''It is impossible to run in the whole day bowling at 90mph. If you can show me someone who does it then fair play. But I've not seen any bowler who bowls 90mph do it for a whole day.''' ,'''I'm most looking forward to bowling at the international players - it will be a gauge to see where I'm at and if I'm ready for international cricket.''' ,'''There's not much to complain about in life - apart from bad Wi-Fi, of course!''' ,'''Test cricket is pretty much the same as first-class - know what your strengths are and stick to them.''' ,'''You're bound to be recognized if you do well. Although I guess in India that's taken to another level. I can't remember how many selfies I must have posed for.''' ,'''From my experience, you need to be enjoying the game rather than being concerned with getting off the field as fast as possible, if you are going to do well.''' ,'''You don't hold back, you must give everything you can when you get an opportunity.''' ,'''I am not going to do myself any good by coming back before I'm fully fit, so I will take my time and do what is best for me and my life.''' ,'''It's OK to be a good county cricketer but when you take the step up, you never know how your career might go.''' ,'''I'm pretty sure Michael Holding doesn't know anything that is going on behind the scenes.''' ,'''It doesn't matter how many wickets we won by. It doesn't matter how we got there. The point was that we did.''' ,'''Comments like 'he's not committed' or 'he's not good enough' appear as soon as you are not 110 per cent. I find it quite annoying how people read into stuff and form their own opinions.''' ,'''I give 100 per cent every time I go out there and I don't want to go out on the field unless I can guarantee doing that.''' ,'''Bumrah's action is a bit awkward, so you don't see his slower balls. He can trick you with pace. He is a lot quicker than he looks.''' ,'''You never know where cricket can take you in two weeks, two months or a year. You never know what that one of game will do, cricket wise or mentally. Anything is possible.''' ,'''You can be in India bowling at 90mph and it doesn't matter because the wickets are flat and the batsmen are really good.''' ,'''Am I a golfer? Do I look like a golfer? One hundred per cent, you will find me on the Xbox!''' ,'''Like any cricketer, I just want to get back on the field.''' ,'''I didn't really know how people would take to me, especially at Hobart - it can be difficult having an overseas player who hasn't played any international cricket.''' ,'''Eoin Morgan and Joe Root have a really calm and open changing room. There's no tension there. You don't have to be walking on egg shells around any of the players.''' ,'''I'm not too sure how it will go but I think whenever I do get the chance to bat I can just show what I can do and hopefully with a lot of performances I could squeeze my way up the order a bit.''' ,'''Being a person that plays all three formats, I've probably done the most bubble days out of anyone.''' ,'''Being in a Covid bubble, you are going to need your family with you. It helps you stay sane. Four or five days in, you start to get a little bit of cabin fever. You need your family to take some of that pressure off you.''' ,'''I used to always be running around as a kid, I couldn't sit still.''' ,'''I think body management is going to be essential if I want to play everything, almost everything.''' ,'''I remain committed to playing all three formats for England and to winning big series.''' ,'''Let me be clear about something: I've never changed my attitude towards playing for England. I've always wanted to play all three formats. That hasn't changed, and never will as far as I'm concerned.''' ,'''I personally want to play Test cricket, hopefully, when I qualify. It's the pinnacle, a great place to showcase your skills and really rate yourself.''' ,'''When I saw the bidding start a few teams were going at it, and I was thinking 'wow I'm actually going to get to go to India for sure,' so I was even happier than when the bidding started because I knew for sure that at least I would get to be associated with a franchise.''' ,'''When I walked outside of my room for the first time since being placed into self-isolation for breaking the Covid-19 protocols, I heard the cameras clicking with every single step I took. The whole spectacle made me feel uneasy.''' ,'''I guess making my debut outside of England would have been a bit more difficult but it was nice to debut somewhere that you're familiar with.''' ,'''That's the thing, never get complacent.''' ,'''Seeing someone go down, you don't ever want to see anyone getting carried off on a stretcher or you don't want to see anyone missing a day or another game.''' ,'''As long as you are faithful to your game plan and have the skills to deliver it, most of the time you will be all right.''' ,'''You don't have to put yourself under pressure, you don't have to be fit even before your body is fit.''' ,'''In T20, even when you are sticking with the same processes you can just as easily go for 40 or 50 runs in your four overs as take two for 20. In those situations, you are bound to be upset even when the game is over but it is OK to feel you should have done better. It's such an unpredictable game.''' ,'''I've played in tournaments around the world, and had success, but winning a Test is one of those indescribable feelings, especially against a really good team. Nothing compares.''' ,'''There are different roles you must play over 80 overs and that means you need to be versatile as a bowler.''' ,'''When you have an operation, you are altering the body. You are going into a perfectly fine piece of tissue and when you do so, you can invite all sorts of complications. The intention might be to solve one thing, but it can mess up others.''' ,'''I've played a lot more red-ball cricket than I have white-ball cricket.''' ,'''Just the ball completely being destroyed in 60 overs is not something that you experience as a Test side and any side could be prepared for.''' ,'''I have always been of the belief that whatever the conditions, you just crack on with it.''' ,'''In terms of how much pain they cause, injuries change over time and how much the elbow hurt varied while I was bowling. At times, it felt a lot better, and at times it was worse.''' ,'''It's hard not to enjoy yourself in Barbados and I was grateful for some time off and to chill with family and friends after such a busy period of cricket in 2020. There were some Covid restrictions, but there was a lot more freedom than we've had in the U.K.''' ,'''I don't really like doing a lot of stretching anyway. I'd much rather bowl than sit and do the warm-ups.''' ,'''If there are three seamers, we don't need to be bowling long spells. Either way, it doesn't matter to me whether I am going to be bowling short or long spells.''' ,'''Sometimes things get hard, especially if you are not having a great game or not feeling good within your cricket.''' ,'''I guess I am pretty much like Bumrah, with my yorkers and slower balls.''' ,'''It's a World Cup, there's no easy games in this tournament.''' ,'''I just wanted to play in the IPL; the money is just a bonus.''' ,'''Do I want to play Test cricket? Yeah, yeah. I've got a few milestones I'd like to achieve - so I very much want to play Test cricket.''' ,'''When I sit back and reflect, it's humbling to see how far I've come. I watched the IPL as a kid six-seven years ago in the Caribbean, watching all these superstars playing. Now to be in this environment is fantastic.''' ,'''I have only played in two first-class matches with a pink ball and both of them were over inside two days.''' ,'''It was pleasing to see Jon Lewis confirmed as England's new bowling coach. I actually lived with Jon for a couple of years as part of the deal when I first signed for Sussex.''' ,'''I personally believe in test cricket you get a lot more opportunities to redeem yourself.''' ,'''I've watched so many old games played on 'Sky Sports.' My feelings are that watching something played live really should pique some interest.''' ,'''Don't expect any miracles, I can only come in and do what I can and give my best. I can't work miracles but I will try to.''' ,'''If someone wants to shout at me and tell me I'm bowling badly, that's fine. I may not agree but it's fine. It's part of the experience of being a touring cricketer.''' ,'''It's not true that modern cricketers only want to be white-ball cricketers. Because I had a good World Cup that doesn't mean I only like World Cup cricket.''' ,'''Not many days you get a nice, fast bowling wicket.''' ,'''It doesn't bother me what people are saying. Social media is there for people to voice their criticism, so you shouldn't take that to heart.''' ,'''The way I am looking at things is that I would rather miss a few weeks of a year so that I have a few more years in my career.''' ,'''England are doing really well in the Tests and ODIs, they're doing well in everything and I think it will be hard to squeeze my way into the team.''' ,'''The time I spend bowling with the white ball is a lot less than in Test cricket.''' ,'''When Test cricket is good, it's amazing, the best, even if it is more taxing on the body and is a lot more mentally taxing.''' ,'''It wasn't a pleasant experience to be confined to my hotel room for five days even though I had my Xbox and workout stuff with me so I could make the most of a bad situation.''' ,'''I want to win the Ashes.''' ,'''The Covid situation in India didn't deter me because I felt I would be safe within the IPL biosecure bubble.''' ,'''Chemar Holder plays Xbox with me online all the time but it's not like any of us are going to be buddy, buddy in the middle. We might make a small joke every now and again but it's not going to be overly friendly because everyone's got a job to do.''' ,'''I think wickets just depend on how lucky you are at the time.''' ,'''I usually get to 40, 50 overs a game anyway.''' ,'''To play 100 Tests is a lot of miles in the legs and just thinking about that many as a fast bowler hurts my back!''' ,]
+++