+++
author = "Max Baucus"
title = "Max Baucus Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Max Baucus Quotes"
keywords = "max baucus,max baucus quotes,max baucus quote,max baucus sayings,max baucus saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We've got to stand up for ourselves. That is, draw some lines, make it clear that after awhile, we're not going to get bullied or pushed around, because I think there are some in China who want to push the United States around. They want to bully us.''' ,'''Tax reform is a once-in-a-generation opportunity.''' ,'''I think I'm the luckiest guy in the world.''' ,'''Judge Roberts has assured me personally that he has a healthy respect for precedent and the hard-won rights of Americans.''' ,'''We strongly believe that individual advocates play an important role in developing a civil society.''' ,'''We Montanans take pride in our low crime rate and believe honest people can disagree without being disagreeable. Maybe extremist groups believe they can find a home in Montana because of our easygoing ways.''' ,'''Failure to pass TPP sends a big signal. The United States is backing off, backing away. That will create a huge void here.''' ,'''Health reform is an essential part of restoring America's economy and maintaining our competitiveness.''' ,'''It is pretty hard to find the right result to a controversial issue.''' ,'''Any bilateral trade and investment agreement must be comprehensive and address the full range of barriers to U.S. goods and services if it is to receive broad, bipartisan congressional support.''' ,'''I think I can speak for every Senator, saying that he or she ran for the Senate because we want to help make this a better place; that is, we want to help our States and help America.''' ,'''We all must make hatemongers unwelcome in our towns and communities. And we must stand by the heroes in this struggle, the police and county prosecutors who stand up to the extremists.''' ,'''School prayer, abortion, and school busing are indeed controversial issues. I doubt that there ever will be complete agreement on the public-policy questions they raise.''' ,'''I just like to have one foot in Montana and one foot out.''' ,'''The administration's attempt to keep us from selling agricultural products to Cuba is an outrage. Cuba is not a threat. That is why we must do more to open Cuba - not less.''' ,'''In this ever-changing world, it's more important than ever that our top-notch military continues to receive the resources needed to serve and protect our country.''' ,'''For our part, the U.S. government has an obligation to aggressively pursue every opportunity to expand trade, boost the economy, and create well-paid jobs here at home.''' ,'''The Founding Fathers provided a way to reverse unpopular Supreme Court decisions: a constitutional amendment.''' ,'''My blood, my roots, my soul is in the state of Montana.''' ,'''A lot of America is stressed by Mother Nature.''' ,'''The Social Security trust fund is in pretty good shape today and we should not embark upon risky, dangerous schemes which will, in fact, undermine Social Security, such as privatization.''' ,'''It's an honor to be presented with an opportunity to follow in the footsteps of my mentor, Mike Mansfield, who worked to strengthen and improve America's important relationships throughout Asia.''' ,'''You can't operate by hindsight.''' ,'''Trade and investment have come to be the foundation, the ballast, of the U.S.-China relationship, providing great stability.''' ,'''Every American has a right to affordable, high-quality health care.''' ,'''You're entitled to Medicaid regardless of your income. Don't worry about your health care.''' ,'''Global overcapacity in steel production can no longer be ignored. Foreign governments' intervention in steel markets has had a devastating impact on the U.S. industry.''' ,'''U.S. agricultural products, including safe, high-quality Montana beef, face unscientific trade restrictions in many important markets.''' ,'''If Congress can strip the federal courts of jurisdiction over school prayer cases, there is no provision in the Constitution immune from congressional tampering.''' ,'''I don't want retired schoolteachers or any other good Americans to be duped by fraudulent organizations into giving money, thinking it is going to go to disabled vets, when in fact it's not at all. It's going in to pad the pockets of some scam artists. I want to stop this stuff.''' ,'''The U.S.-China relationship is one of the most important bilateral relationships in the world.''' ,'''America's ranchers and farmers produce the highest-quality products in the world.''' ,'''Fundamentally, legislation that is historic, that is comprehensive, that has a large number of senators supporting it is more durable.''' ,'''Now is not the time to open the border to receive Canadian beef down to the United States.''' ,'''The recovery of the Gulf Coast region will take years to complete.''' ,'''We won't sit idly by when a crime is committed in the real world. So why should we when it happens in cyber space?''' ,'''Protecting basic rights such as freedom of expression enhances social stability.''' ,'''It is my strong belief that the Chinese people are just as proud as we Americans are proud.''' ,'''There are significant human rights abuses in China. In some areas, the situation is worse today than in the past. In other areas, there have been improvements. We will recognize the latter, and be critical of the former.''' ,'''My basic advice to the Chinese with respect to the South China Sea is, 'Hey, guys, cool it.'''' ,'''Cyber-enabled theft of trade secrets by state actors in China has emerged as a major threat to our economic and, thus, national security.''' ,'''My door is open.''' ,'''I think that the level playing field is so unlevel - it is tilted so much in favor of Chinese companies - that it's time for the United States to do a little bit more, see.''' ,'''Privatizing Social Security will take dollars out of young folks' pockets.''' ,'''I have learned some core lessons along the way. Among the most important, I have become a firm believer that a strong geopolitical relationship can be born out of a strong economic relationship, which often begins with trade.''' ,'''I love challenges.''' ,'''I believe very, very strongly that when you serve, you serve the entire state.''' ,'''I'm a very proud Democrat, but I also like results.''' ,'''We Americans have an obligation to come to China, to learn more about China. Why? Because with each passing day, it's going to be more and more in our future.''' ,'''The Framers of the Constitution wisely understood that constitutional principles must not be sacrificed on the altar of political appeasement.''' ,'''If I were the president, I would be very concerned... and I would do what was reasonably necessary to find a way to get my people confirmed.''' ,'''Sequestration is leverage that should not be given up easily.''' ,'''IRAs are intended for retirement.''' ,'''I'm no real expert on China.''' ,'''The Senate is a remarkable institution. It is unique. There is no other body, no other political body, no other democratic legislature in the world quite like the U.S. Senate.''' ,'''Life has many twists and turns.''' ,'''Americans have the right to say what they believe. But with that right comes the responsibility to respect our neighbors, respect law enforcement, and obey the laws.''' ,'''I know the problem of obesity. I got to tell you, I think that's tepid. I just don't think the bully pulpit is going to be enough to sufficiently fight obesity. We're going to have to have incentives in here.''' ,'''Increased trade is crucial to a balanced plan for stimulating growth and job creation on both sides of the Atlantic.''' ,'''Politics abhors a vacuum.''' ,'''I believe strongly that the opportunity is here for us in America to finally have a healthcare system that we can really be proud of. But it's got to be one where everybody is involved. Everybody: consumers, employers, providers, health-insurance companies, everybody.''' ,'''I'm inclined to vote for Roberts unless something else comes up. It's a close call.''' ,]
+++