+++
author = "Billie Lourd"
title = "Billie Lourd Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Billie Lourd Quotes"
keywords = "billie lourd,billie lourd quotes,billie lourd quote,billie lourd sayings,billie lourd saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always wanted siblings.''' ,'''I went to NYU, and my parents had a rule that I needed to major in something other than acting if I wanted to pursue acting after college.''' ,'''I love being my mother's daughter, and it's something I always will be, but now I get to be just Billie.''' ,'''I'm a big list person.''' ,'''I don't know if I would play a woman in space in a bikini.''' ,'''I made my own major called art and business as religion.''' ,''''Star Wars' is my heart. I love it.''' ,'''It's been so great being on 'American Horror Story' and 'Scream Queens' because there were some days when I didn't work, and I would spend my time shadowing directors.''' ,'''I want my mom on 'Scream Queens'. She could play someone who is convinced she's Princess Leila. That could be her disease, and then as a plot twist, we could find out that she actually is Princess Leila.''' ,'''I went to performing arts camp, secretly taking classes - I got the lead in the musical, and my dad was like, 'Wait, I thought you were going here for music and knitting'.''' ,'''I always love trying new and different things.''' ,'''My mom made me watch 'Star Wars' for the first time when I was about 7 years old. When I was younger, I hated action movies and pretty much anything loud. So when she put it on, I covered my ears and ran out of the room.''' ,'''She raised me to not think of men and women as different. She raised me without gender. It's kind of the reason she named me Billie. It's not about being a strong woman - it's about being a strong person.''' ,'''If life's not funny, then it's just true - and that would be unacceptable.''' ,'''I'm very lazy.''' ,'''It's always fun to take risks.''' ,'''I definitely want to direct and write - all of it.''' ,'''I'm such a caretaker.''' ,'''When you walk onto any set, it's usually primarily men. Which can be weird, especially when you're doing something emotionally challenging.''' ,'''My whole life, they said, 'Do not act. You need to get a college degree'.''' ,'''It's tough, when you play an iconic character, to break away from it. You have to make sure you have a lot of variety and make sure you choose roles that aren't similar to others, or else you get pigeonholed as one thing.''' ,'''The great thing about women directors is that they're not only involved in the performances - they can gauge where we all are personally and know how to direct us better because of that.''' ,'''Paul Rudd - I wish he was my dad. I wish he was my brother. I wish he was my husband. He's everything to me and puts a smile on my face.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with Norah Jones and Amy Winehouse, Etta James. I'm really into blues and R&B type of stuff, '90s hip-hop; that's my jam.''' ,'''I know my mom, she'd want her death to encourage people to be open about their struggles.''' ,'''When I first started acting, everyone in my family did not want me to act.''' ,''''Scream Queens' was so much fun, kind of like a big sorority. And 'American Horror Story' is very serious, like a really hip family of middle-aged women. The deaths were fun on 'Scream Queens'; the deaths on 'Horror Story' are very real and intense, and you have to be emotionally prepped for them.''' ,'''People need to stop filming things at festivals.''' ,'''I am a Southern girl at heart, so I have a pulled pork sandwich and Key lime pie every day. It's a problem.''' ,'''I'm living the dream right now.''' ,'''I was at Wesleyan first. I was there for a semester because I wanted that traditional college vibe. But when I got there, people would do normal college things, and I was like, 'I can't be here. This is a nightmare.'''' ,'''I love an iconic hairstyle.''' ,'''It's good to be authentic, to help other people, but if it's not helping other people, then don't do it.''' ,'''I am not a big horror freak. I'm a bit of a scaredy-cat in general. I can't handle scary movies unless I am at home with the lights on and the doors locked or it is in the morning.''' ,'''Cooking is a dangerous thing for me. I'm pretty inept in the kitchen.''' ,]
+++