+++
author = "Jim Acosta"
title = "Jim Acosta Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Jim Acosta Quotes"
keywords = "jim acosta,jim acosta quotes,jim acosta quote,jim acosta sayings,jim acosta saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Yes, Barack Obama had his clashes with the press. I witnessed those first-hand covering the second term of his administration. But we did not have Barack Obama on almost a weekly basis referring to the press as the enemy of the people and accusing reporters of treason and calling legitimate stories fake news.''' ,'''Neutrality for the sake of neutrality doesn't really serve us in the age of Trump.''' ,'''It kind of goes without saying. But I will: If you are a Nazi, you aren't a fine person. You're bad.''' ,'''Members of the press have been so savaged by Trump and his propagandists in the media that journalists seem almost foreign or anti-American to his supporters.''' ,'''I don't believe that there are two sides to a story when it's a matter of right versus wrong. It just doesn't work that way.''' ,'''We have seen presidents from both parties express their frustrations with the press. That's absolutely normal.''' ,'''I don't believe reporters are supposed to be the story. That's how I was trained.''' ,'''My job is to ask tough questions.''' ,'''Google my name and 'Barack Obama.' There were many days I was tough on him. People have short-term memories. They think we're only being tough on Trump. That's just not true.''' ,'''As reporters, we not only deliver the news of the day. We must also defend the truth. And just because we are pro-truth doesn't mean we are anti-Trump.''' ,'''Yes, I've received death threats.''' ,'''I think we have reached the point where we can state definitively, that Nazis are bad people.''' ,'''I was raised in this business not to make myself part of the story. I have never wanted to be part of the story.''' ,'''We can't have Trump supporters only trust what comes out of conservative news media and vice versa.''' ,'''We go through periods of turmoil in our nation's history, and one of the remarkable things about the United States is that we seem to keep making our way through those periods.''' ,'''I think aggressive, sometimes outspoken reporting from the White House briefing room is expected by the American people.''' ,'''I receive more threats than I could count; it's almost every week.''' ,'''I don't want my kids to grow up in a country where the press is called the enemy of the people.''' ,'''I have never witnessed a concerted effort by any news organization to take a stand one way or the other on a political issue, to damage one particular party or help another.''' ,'''Trump is a branding expert. He is a marketing genius to some extent.''' ,'''My parents were blue-collar.''' ,'''The vast majority of Trump supporters are wonderful people and I have very nice interactions with them.''' ,'''We have to stand for the truth.''' ,'''We have to speak truth to power.''' ,'''I want my kids to grow up in a country where, you know, we can still shout questions at the president.''' ,'''An adversarial relationship between the president and members of the press can be expected.''' ,'''I wish at times that the press had been a bit more in solidarity with one another.''' ,'''We should not have the president of the United States referring to segments of American society as the enemy of the people.''' ,'''Well I think we can't avoid covering the news and when the president says something like that you're the enemy of the people, I think I'm well within my right to stand up and say this is well within my lane as a journalist and as an American to say that that's not appropriate.''' ,'''The president is supposed to stand up for the First Amendment and stand up for the free press - not put us through the meat grinder.''' ,]
+++