+++
author = "Joe Exotic"
title = "Joe Exotic Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Joe Exotic Quotes"
keywords = "joe exotic,joe exotic quotes,joe exotic quote,joe exotic sayings,joe exotic saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Does it feel good to stand on my stage with 500-pound tigers and everybody envy you? Absolutely.''' ,'''When I left the zoo and I sent my chimpanzees to the sanctuary in Florida and imagined what my chimpanzees went through for 18 years, I'm ashamed of myself.''' ,'''Just because you have an exotic animal as a pet does not make you a danger or irresponsible.''' ,'''There is nothing wrong with professional pet owners and private breeders of exotic animals. And I would be the first to fight to take away an animal from an irresponsible owner.''' ,'''You'll never meet a bigger, nicer guy than Shaq.''' ,'''I'm not cutting my hair because I'm not going to be fake.''' ,'''People don't come to see the tigers; they come to see me.''' ,'''For 30 years since the liger has been in existence, everyone thought they were sterile. But we paired a baby liger and a baby white tiger male six years ago and came up with the first tiliger. That proved female ligers weren't sterile.''' ,'''I struggle every day to hold on to what little hope I can find.''' ,'''I'm outspoken, good looking, love to party and have fun.''' ,'''The animal industry has sucked the life out of me for the past 20 years. I need a break.''' ,'''I have pretty good, strong support in Tulsa.''' ,'''I am gay. I've had two boyfriends most of my life.''' ,'''Do you know why animals die in cages? Their soul dies.''' ,'''I'm not changing the way I dress: I refuse to wear a suit.''' ,'''One day he just showed up at the zoo, and I actually didn't know who the man was. Everybody was like, 'that's Shaq!' And I'm like 'who's Shaq?'''' ,'''I'm done with the Carole Baskin saga.''' ,'''This is my way of living, and nobody's gonna tell me otherwise.''' ,'''I learned more in 11 months in running for president than I did in 12 years of school.''' ,'''I saw in my life what pushed a lot of people to drugs was being an outcast to society, so being gay I related to that.''' ,'''My problem anywhere is the damn Republicans closed out the independents from being able to vote in the primary.''' ,'''My soul is dead.''' ,]
+++