+++
author = "Ed Westwick"
title = "Ed Westwick Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Ed Westwick Quotes"
keywords = "ed westwick,ed westwick quotes,ed westwick quote,ed westwick sayings,ed westwick saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If people want to really know what's up with me then they can read one of my interviews.''' ,'''I've been writing a lot of poetry recently. It helps me think and work things out.''' ,'''I can get moody sometimes when I wake up after a nap - I'm like a four-year-old.''' ,'''I've always connected with music. Life's not always what you see; it's what going on in your head. Music is what comes out of your subconscious.''' ,'''I bite my nails. I've been chewing on them for years. As long as you don't chew through flesh it's all right.''' ,'''I don't come from a famous family and don't have this detachment from everyday people and everyday life. I'm just doing my job and the attention that comes with it is part of the territory.''' ,'''I'm an actor; I want to play roles, not a role.''' ,'''This is my trademark: I rip my T-shirt. I'm into the whole showing-a-bit-of-chest-hair thing.''' ,'''I can pretty much live without fast food. I haven't eaten McDonald's in so long, but it's okay.''' ,'''I was just doing bits and pieces of acting in the U.K. I'd been in the film 'Breaking and Entering' - Anthony Minghella gave me my start and I miss him dearly. Then I made the trip out to L.A., during one of their pilot seasons, which was when they were developing 'Gossip Girl,' and I auditioned, and things came together.''' ,'''I've got a clear line between work and real life.''' ,'''I wouldn't want a manicure. I'm a man's man!''' ,'''Music is my release.''' ,'''It's always good to be around nice-looking people.''' ,'''Be a good-looking corpse. Leave a good-looking tattoo.''' ,'''When I find someone who is worth it, I'll be nice and respect that person and put some time in.''' ,'''I grew up in a middle class English family just outside London. I wasn't surrounded by that speedy city lifestyle, it was a little mellower.''' ,'''I have two older brothers. I am the baby. We're all very, very close. We're great communicators, so we get along really well.''' ,''''Villain' is such a harsh word.''' ,'''To be respected as an actor it doesn't help to be seen out in the clubs.''' ,'''I love working in America, I love being part of the industry out here.''' ,'''Live fast, die young.''' ,'''I think gardens are fantastic, and I'd love to draw and design and stuff like that. I love just planting flowers during the summer. There's something very humble about it, and natural and beautiful.''' ,'''Today there are paparazzi out, I'm doing a day of press, I'm in a hotel, I've just been on Radio 1. But when I'm in my day-to-day life people don't know who I am and I'm left to my own devices.''' ,'''I'm just happy to be doing a job that I love.''' ,'''I can't stand watching myself on TV.''' ,'''I'm all for being in love and whenever I like someone, I end up pretty much completely smitten.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Elvis, man. I got 'Heartbreak Hotel' tattooed on my chest.''' ,'''I feel like you just need to keep writing until the writing itself just begins to take shape.''' ,'''When I need to think of, like, a peaceful scene or something, I think of my back garden in summertime. And whenever I hear the lawnmower next door, I always think it's really peaceful.''' ,]
+++