+++
author = "Randy Orton"
title = "Randy Orton Quotes"
quotes_len = "82"
description = "the best 82 Randy Orton Quotes"
keywords = "randy orton,randy orton quotes,randy orton quote,randy orton sayings,randy orton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wasn't some stud athlete at school that was destined to be a professional wrestler. I was just an insecure little guy that didn't want to go to school because I had zits on my upper lip.''' ,'''I rose to the top real quick, and I was surrounded by Triple H, Ric Flair, Shawn Michaels, Undertaker, these guys who were very well respected in the profession, and they wanted to work with me, so I knew I was doing something right.''' ,'''Whether I was The Legend Killer, The Viper, The Apex Predator, nothing's really changed.''' ,'''I've main-evented WrestleMania a handful of times, but it never gets old. It's the same with nerves.''' ,'''I can't say I'm confident in my abilities as an actor.''' ,'''The old school in me knows how to get over and get other guys over. I'm going to continue to do it.''' ,'''When Rock was on 'Saturday Night Live,' that's what propelled him into the mainstream and made everyone realize, 'Holy crap, this guy is really talented.'''' ,'''I don't have a problem with dives out of the ring, but there are a lot of these guys who don't have anything to fall back on, and they're not making any money doing it. A lot of these guys go out there, and they're gonna break their necks at 23 years old doing things they shouldn't be doing.''' ,'''I want to work with guys like Rey Mysterio, The Undertaker, Edge and have good feuds and do entertaining stuff, and I know I'm capable of it.''' ,'''I had to realize that other people had an opinion that counted, and I had to realize that other people had feelings, and you've got to watch their feelings and listen to what they have to say.''' ,'''I wanna go watch a story and a fight between a good guy and a bad guy.''' ,'''If I was gonna intimidate somebody? Give me the Batista build any day.''' ,'''I only got about four moves.''' ,'''I don't take myself too seriously, as I think I used to years ago, when I was younger.''' ,'''I think I'm a better person because of my family.''' ,'''I had a couple rough patches early in my career. I think I might have made some bad choices here and there.''' ,'''I've had some of my best matches with Christian.''' ,'''All the fans that are aware that I'm a family man and I have five kids and the newborn, and they send messages on social media or a sign in the audience, or they just say it to me person-to-person on the street, I appreciate all of that.''' ,'''I've wrestled in Seoul; I've wrestled in Auckland, New Zealand.''' ,'''Having a campfire and roasted marshmallows, to me that sounds like Heaven.''' ,'''I never thought, as a kid, that I'd have an action figure, much less an action figure sold in a two-pack with Jake The Snake.''' ,'''I definitely had a big head, and I'll be the first to admit that I made some bad decisions. But back when I was making those decisions, in my head I was doing no wrong.''' ,'''I want to go out there and try as hard as I can to be the best in that ring. And for me, that doesn't mean cutting flips and cartwheels and not selling punches.''' ,'''I think the biggest thing - when it comes to injuries and stuff, travel has a big part in that, because after a match, guys hit the road, and they're in a sitting position. They're not able to ice up or do whatever they have to do therapy-wise.''' ,'''The fact that the WWE is so involved in anti-bullying, it's really an honor to be involved with them.''' ,'''I graduated boot camp with meritorious promotion.''' ,'''In the ring, you want every one of the 80,000 people in the building to know what you're feeling. On a movie set, every expression you make is going to get picked up times 10. They kept having to dial me back.''' ,'''Mick Foley - the match we had at Backlash is one of my two or three favorite matches ever. Much props to him: he puts his body on the line, and what he did for me that day, I'll never forget.''' ,'''I understand the psychology of the sport, especially inside the ring.''' ,'''I just loved Jake The Snake because of that character and how he cut a promo. That dark nature of his character was amazing.''' ,'''I firmly believe that without the fans, I wouldn't be where I am. I'm truly fortunate to be relevant for a very long time, and it's because of them wanting to see more of me.''' ,'''Deep down inside, when I come to the ring, whether it's a non-televised event or TV or pay per view, deep down inside, when you hear those 'R-K-O' chants or those 'Orton' chants, you know, it makes me smile on the inside.''' ,'''Guys like Jack Lanza, Pat Patterson, Bruce Pritchard, Tom Pritchard - those guys all helped me get a tryout. And I'd never been in the ring, so they went on a lot of faith and signed me and thought that they could help mold me into a WWE superstar. And now I'm glad they did, because that was a big turning point in my life.''' ,'''When it comes to wrestling, I'm 100 percent confident in my abilities, and I see myself being in the ring as long as my body can handle it.''' ,'''I was forced, more or less, to go to anger management. I was either going to make myself and everyone around me miserable, or I was going to realize that there's more than one person on this Earth. It definitely has made me a better person.''' ,'''I'm not a runner.''' ,'''Growing up, my dad would be gone a lot. But I knew what he was doing, and I wanted to one day enjoy that. When I saw how tired he was when he got home, that, in a direct way, prepared me and made me realize what a tough business this is.''' ,'''I remember the first Wrestlemania; I was four years old. Nobody had any idea what it would become.''' ,'''I'm used to throwing my body around. I'm used to taking a punch.''' ,'''I'm a family man. I really enjoy being with my family.''' ,'''Even though the 'Shooter' character on TV is so close to the real-life me, I'm still playing with ways to creatively portray that character.''' ,'''I've accomplished so much in the WWE.''' ,'''When a kid smiles because you take an extra 30 seconds, minute, minute and a half to go over and ask them what their name is, give them the shirt you just wore to the ring, you just see them light up. We've all been kids before; we've all had our heroes, been fans of somebody and needed that autograph.''' ,'''I got a bad conduct discharge, was at home for a few months in late '99, and basically said, 'Dad, I want to give wrestling a shot. I sure as hell don't wanna go to college, and the Marine Corps wasn't for me. And I need to make some money, so let's see if I can do it.'''' ,'''Wrestling is my first love.''' ,'''Cena is awesome on the mic. When it comes to wrestling in the ring and the technical aspect, I feel as if I blow him away. I feel like I'm more of an athlete.''' ,'''I ain't gonna win no Oscars.''' ,'''My father, my grandfather, the wrestling business, the WWE in particular, has really given me everything. A lot of happiness, my kids are taken care of, my wife is happy, they get to travel. A lot of pluses come with it; the Hall Of Fame would just be the cherry on top.''' ,'''I had very bad acne growing up. I had braces for six years, from the fifth to the 11th grade. I didn't look in the mirror and feel like someone who should be on TV.''' ,'''The older I get and the harder it is to maintain a six pack, the more I wish I wore a tactical vest and cargo pants like Roman Reigns.''' ,'''At times, I'll watch a cruiserweight match, and I'm very impressed at how they limit themselves with all of the acrobatics, but every once in a while, you'll see a match where they're doing things I couldn't dream of doing, but you get lost because there's so much.''' ,'''I have a very big, very beautiful family.''' ,'''If anything, I'm overacting in the ring because of the facials and the body language. I want the guy in the cheap seats to be able to see what I'm thinking, the expression on my face. But when you're filming a movie, it could be a two- or three-camera shot, and you're doing it over and over and over again. It's not live TV; it's a lot different.''' ,'''Cena, one-hundred percent, bleeds WWE, and he always will. I know that much about him.''' ,'''If the Big Show lands on you when you're on the ground, you're not getting back up. He'll pick you up like a sack of crap and toss you over the top rope.''' ,'''We have the freedom of speech. We are able to hold hands in protest and stand up for what we believe in and have people hear what you have to say.''' ,'''Teaming up for Evolution, I think Batista and I credit a lot of our success to Ric Flair, but especially Triple H. He has an amazing psychology for the business. He understands how to tell a story, and you just pick his brain the best you can while riding with him. It was a great advantage for us in terms of learning our craft.''' ,'''I have a lot of respect for Brock. I was down in OVW with him, and I was there a few months before he came. We all knew he was coming, but when he came, he was humble and a fun guy to be around.''' ,'''I have to put my father over because he really taught me a lot, especially when it comes to out-of-the-ring psychology and how to react when you're approached by fans after a show or in the airport. It might sound silly, but a lot of those things come into play when you're playing a character.''' ,'''Doing these movies I've done with WWE, it's a different pace. It's a lot of hurry up and wait, a lot of sitting around and like the day of the pay-per-view, when you're thinking about what you can do, and then you get the payoff, the reward, that night. It's just a different animal.''' ,'''Big E, he's a strong dude. Ryback's a strong dude. But if you put Batista next to those guys, he was 6'6'', 320 lbs. Those guys are pushing 6'1''-6'2''. But Batista was wide. He was a big old dude. Those guys could beat him in a bench press contest, but I'd rather look like Dave.''' ,'''My schedule with WWE is all year unless there's an injury.''' ,'''I've done so much for the WWE. Everything I've done, any movie I've done, any notoriety I have, it's because of them.''' ,'''I probably had the most fun ever in the ring with Christian. And it was because he could just pick stuff up out of thin air and make it something. Neither of us were these big high-fliers; none of us were power guys doing these big, crazy moves. But the finesse and the things were smooth with me and him.''' ,'''WWE has given me everything; it really has. My kids will go to college because of them, I don't have to worry about finances because of them.''' ,'''Really getting married, settling down, and having a kid - that was the biggest thing for me. I realized, this little girl that came into my life, that I created with my wife, and how special is that?''' ,'''I want to be like an Undertaker and be around so when your music hits, people go crazy because of that respect that you've earned over 20, 25 years of going on the ride for them.''' ,'''I was even more of a fan of Jake The Snake than I was of my dad when I was a kid, and that's because of the snake. Jake used to have his snake, Damien, out in the locker room slithering around the showers. In the locker room, they would actually block off one of the showers just so Damien could roll around, and I'd sit there and watch him.''' ,'''I think my whole deal was I didn't think other people had a right to an opinion. I think the problem I had was, in real life, it was my way or the highway, and if people disagreed with me, then they were just wrong.''' ,'''Being born into the business, I had the connections. A lot of guys aspire to be professional wrestlers, but you need to get trained the right way. And then, once you're trained, you need to get to that next level, and really, the WWE is the only place to do it.''' ,'''One day, when I'm unable to physically perform, would I want to pursue more of an acting career? Eh, maybe. But I think my home is with the WWE, being on the road and wrestling in front of a live audience.''' ,'''Jake 'The Snake,' getting the chance to talk to him all day and just picking his brain - you know, he has his demons, but he's an intelligent person, and he knows the business like no other.''' ,'''I think with Lesnar, it's always going to be him coming in every few months as a monster who destroys guys who work 200 days a year... There is a tendency for that to get old.''' ,'''In 2003, for my first Rumble, I was just as nervous then as I was 15 years later.''' ,'''I love those trilogy movies, like 'Lord of the Rings.'''' ,'''I got to doing this thing with the Wyatt Family, and I don't remember having this much fun in the ring in a long time.''' ,'''Someone had asked me who I thought was better, John Cena or Rock. I said Rock needs a teleprompter. Rock needs a writer to write all his stuff.''' ,'''Tattoos are addicting, and I used to have this tribal tattoo, but I was never really happy with it.''' ,'''When I won the World Title at 24 and became the youngest, I knew that was huge.''' ,'''I had to realize that everyone has opinions, and they all have the right to feel a certain way, and you have to respect that.''' ,'''I have a wonderful wife that wouldn't hurt a fly, and I think a lot of that has rubbed off on me.''' ,'''I let some people down, like Triple H, who had a lot of faith in me and took me under his wing. Ric Flair would never say it, but he loved me like I was his kid, and he was like a dad to me on the road. I'm sure I let him down somewhere along the way. These guys really invested a lot of time, faith, and energy in me.''' ,]
+++