+++
author = "Julia Restoin Roitfeld"
title = "Julia Restoin Roitfeld Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Julia Restoin Roitfeld Quotes"
keywords = "julia restoin roitfeld,julia restoin roitfeld quotes,julia restoin roitfeld quote,julia restoin roitfeld sayings,julia restoin roitfeld saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I'm getting ready, I'll listen to '80s music on Spotify just to wake me up and put me in the mood. I like that it's cheesy.''' ,'''Fashion hasn't changed enough yet. There's too much a stereotype of beauty.''' ,'''I'm really close to my family, and I really want one of my own. But the wedding, it's not necessary for me.''' ,'''When it comes to babies and children and being a mother, there is so much to talk about. There are products that I keep discovering - endless products! People love to read about these things. And I interview cool mothers, mums with babies, and mums with teenagers... all mums who I admire.''' ,'''I hate picking out outfits for events. That's why I always wear the same thing when I go out - OK, not exactly the same, but always something easy. If it isn't a big fashion event, it'll be jeans and a nice top.''' ,'''Baby fashion has become such a big thing. It used to be that everything had to be pink or blue or cute - you know, very precious - but not cool. But now, my friends who are mothers really want to dress their kids just like themselves.''' ,'''I had no boundaries at home, so I had nothing to push against. I only rebelled with clothing when I was 14. I would wear purple Doc Martens and had purple streaks in my hair, dirty jeans, and baggy tops. Very Britpop. Anything that wasn't girly or feminine. My mother hated it.''' ,'''My mother was never very famous when I was growing up, so it wasn't so difficult. It was only when I left home and went to university that she become this style icon.''' ,'''I sometimes apply eyeliner - Giorgio Armani Smooth Silk Eye Pencil in #1 Black - and smudge it with my fingers really quickly to give it a little lift, almost a cat eye. It's all about giving a lift now.''' ,'''I'm always building images. Even when I go out and put a look together, it's in my head the whole day, like, how I'm going to create this whole story. But I'm never satisfied; it's always a work in progress no matter what. Every day is working.''' ,'''I have always loved anything sexy.''' ,'''Sometimes, being a single mother, I miss the freedom. I see my other friends with kids, and when they go out for a drink, it is the dad that stays in.''' ,'''I'm addicted to online shopping.''' ,'''Being pregnant was the best time of my life because nothing could affect me. It was like a detox - I ate healthy, I slept a lot, and I didn't drink. All of my hormones were at the perfect levels.''' ,'''I guess you could say I want to become like Martha Stewart - just a sexier version!''' ,'''What I find is that you don't need to go for fancy mascara - I always get the L'Oreal ones from the drugstore. I get the gold tube, Voluminous Million Lashes in black.''' ,'''So much of my body changed from being pregnant. My hair got so much longer from all of the multivitamins and pregnancy vitamins, like the New Chapter's Every Woman Vitamin I've been taking - it's a lot of folic acid. I know a lot of moms cut their hair, but I just want to keep mine long.''' ,'''If I design another line, I will definitely design pieces that suit both pregnant and non-pregnant women. Being pregnant is one of the most amazing things, but it is a big change in a woman's life and body, and I think it is important she feels amazing all along her term. And being able to wear beautiful lingerie will definitely help.''' ,'''It's no secret I like to dress a bit sexy and body-conscious, and as soon as I was pregnant, it was like it was inappropriate to dress the way that I dress. And that really annoyed me. It's a wrong message that dressing feminine and sexy and being a mother can't go together.''' ,'''Tom Ford gave me high heels for the baby. They're a little kitten heel with a velvet rope that you tie. It's like a collection piece. I have to put it on the bookshelf, framed.''' ,'''Of course I like to be tan, but now I try to avoid it. I don't mind having a little glow, but now when I go to the beach, I put SPF 50 everywhere - either Avene or La Roche-Posay Anthelios. I have freckles, so as long as my little freckles come out, I'm happy.''' ,'''Sometimes you leave the house for school, and you realize you're wearing the same thing as your toddler, which is embarrassing! I try to avoid it at all costs.''' ,'''I love Epsom salt and just use the inexpensive unscented ones from CVS. It's better than oils... those make the tub so gross, and I never feel like cleaning it right before I go out.''' ,'''My parents were strict with school, strict with grades. I had piano classes, horseback riding, dance.''' ,'''I'm inspired by all those women in the '60s - they look so put-together and cool at the same time, and they all were moms - moms and career women. I do wear heels, though. Pretty much always. I need to feel good about myself, so even if it's casual, I'll slip them on.''' ,'''You don't have to wait for your career to take off to become a mum: that's kind of what I want to show. Becoming a mum made me even more driven, and I think it doesn't stop your career - it just boosts it. It makes you well-organised, and with a little bit of sacrifice, of course you can do it all.''' ,'''When I was first pregnant, I Googled a maternity website, and there was nothing that spoke to a girl with my lifestyle who had kids - everything was very boring and very pinky. I wanted to create a platform for all those amazing, beautiful, sexy, hands-on mummies and for them to share their lifestyles, their beauty tips.''' ,'''My mum always had fun on shoots, but afterwards, she would pick us up from school and make dinner. I had a pretty normal childhood.''' ,'''Even on the red carpet, French celebrities keep it minimal. Think of Charlotte Gainsbourg - the look can be quite undone.''' ,'''Moisturizer is the base for my makeup, because I like a glowy, dewy, shiny look - I'd never use powder - so I always start with cream.''' ,'''For me, beauty is more about prevention than anything. Especially now that I've hit 30, it's more about being careful and maintaining my skin. I want to keep my youth and freshness and be wrinkle-free as long as possible because I don't want to have to cheat - that's what I call any cosmetic surgeries: cheating.''' ,'''I wanted to find a way to merge my taste as an art and creative director with my new little obsessions: babies and motherhood and all of that. So I began working on my website, Romy and the Bunnies, which is named after my daughter, Romy.''' ,'''For my eyes, I think an eyelash curler makes me look much more awake, even when I haven't gotten much sleep. It's a really important tool for a mom to have. The MAC one works for me.''' ,'''The French like to play the intellectual card; they don't like to be over-sexy. The sexiness comes from the way they walk and hold themselves.''' ,'''Blowouts, manicures, and massages are my little indulgences; I get them whenever I can. The chair massage during a manicure is a must, even if it's only 10 minutes. The ones in the back, though, on the bed where you can get a proper massage, make all the difference.''' ,'''I'll be so excited to take my daughter to her first fashion show, but I think, for her, it's best to wait until she's old enough to appreciate it. Or, at least, until she can pronounce the designer's names!''' ,'''For an everyday look, I use Chanel Soleil Tan de Chanel as blush, or the Summer 2013 Bronzing Palette that a makeup artist from Armani gave to me - I love Armani makeup.''' ,'''My site is about women who want to look good and stay active: women who don't want to suddenly become 'just mums.' But it's not true that it is only about the glamorous side. Last time I was on a plane with Romy, she was sick all over me, and I wrote a tip about travelling with a change of outfit.''' ,'''French people don't breastfeed. And I did it. My mum freaked out. She didn't get it at all. French royalty thought it wasn't chic to breastfeed their kids, so they would send them to a wet nurse. It's looked down on.''' ,'''It's so strange how people can be judgmental when they see a pregnant woman dressed in high heels and tight dresses. Being pregnant shouldn't make you feel less of a woman, but more of a woman!''' ,'''My job description? It is many things; it is a whole universe created around the things that I like.''' ,'''My dream job would be to design a sexy maternity collection, maybe also beautiful lingerie for expecting women. It's impossible to find nice sexy lingerie anywhere for pregnant or nursing women, which is when you actually need an extra boost of confidence and feel sexy.''' ,'''Girls are having babies when they are younger and combining kids with work. I don't know if it's always been there or if I'm just more aware because I'm in this situation.''' ,'''If a French woman wears jeans, it's never with flats - always heels.''' ,'''I love the efficiency of the Internet. If I come across something that I want to share right away, I can do it.''' ,'''I recently signed on with Lancome, and I guess it's any girl's modeling dream come true. Especially being in a beauty ad, more so because I'm French. There are so many girls out there, and I'm just so flattered they picked me. The Tom Ford fragrance ad was the first thing I did. Black Orchid is my winter scent and of course it has a nostalgic feel.''' ,]
+++