+++
author = "Tony Evers"
title = "Tony Evers Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Tony Evers Quotes"
keywords = "tony evers,tony evers quotes,tony evers quote,tony evers sayings,tony evers saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Doing what's best for our kids means having a governor that is prepared to reach across the political aisle to do what's best for the people of this state. We must care for each other.''' ,'''I cannot support keeping our brave service men and women away from their families without a clear need or purpose that would actively benefit the people of Wisconsin or our nation.''' ,'''I support the Second Amendment just like everybody else. It's not about taking guns away. It's about doing very simple things that will save lives.''' ,'''It's really time for the State of Wisconsin to form a better relationship with the greater Milwaukee area.''' ,'''The whole issue of corrections is something that came up a lot, no matter where we were. I think people would expect that would be a Milwaukee issue, but it's an issue across the state, and that ties to so many other things.''' ,'''Scott Walker has repeatedly failed to address our crumbling bridges and highways, which rank as some of the worst in the country, forcing communities to tax themselves even more to pay for basic road maintenance.''' ,'''I believe that the key to building a strong economy in Wisconsin starts with education. Every single kid in our state deserves access to a good public education, no matter their zip code.''' ,'''Robin Vos and Scott Fitzgerald want to have good public schools, good roads and good health care for the people of Wisconsin. We just have to find a way to do it. I think we can.''' ,'''When we have people whose lives are being turned around in a negative way because they're incarcerated for either too long or for crimes that don't need incarceration, that's a moral issue for me.''' ,'''I have a proven record of working for our kids as state superintendent, and as a governor I'll deliver real results for Wisconsin families.''' ,'''I made a promise to you and the people of our state when I was running for governor: I promised I would cut taxes by 10% for middle-class families.''' ,'''This is not an anti-business administration. This is a pro-business administration. This is an administration that cares about the people of Wisconsin.''' ,'''The bottom line is that the federal government is an important partner in addressing issues like funding our public schools, fixing our crumbling roads and infrastructure, protecting our natural resources and ensuring that healthcare is affordable and protects people with pre-existing conditions.''' ,'''As I've said all along, I don't make promises I can't keep, and I won't propose things we can't pay for.''' ,'''I believe in science. We're going to bring back science to the state of Wisconsin.''' ,'''An investment in our kids is an investment in our future. It strengthens our economy through workforce development, attracts new jobs, and builds new industries in our state.''' ,'''Education, transportation and health care was what I ran and won on. That's what we're going to be focused on.''' ,'''I need to stand up for the people of Wisconsin.''' ,'''Doing what's best for our kids means restoring balance, commonsense and conservation to the management of our natural resources.''' ,'''There are plenty of issues President Trump and I don't agree on. I don't support shutting down our government over a border wall. I've been disgusted by his offensive remarks about women, immigrants and veterans, among others.''' ,'''Hard-working families in Wisconsin deserve a tax cut. But you also deserve for it to be done responsibly and to make sure we know how we're going to pay for it in the future.''' ,'''But if President Trump's policies continue to negatively affect Wisconsin families, I won't cater to his demands or waver from my position. I will not be a doormat. I will fight for our state, our families and our values.''' ,'''I believe the people of Wisconsin elected me because I said I will work with anyone - doesn't matter if they're a Republican or a Democrat - I just want to get things done for Wisconsin families. But I also believe Wisconsinites elected me because I will always put people before politics.''' ,'''I've always believed that what's best for our kids is what's best for our state. That's why I've dedicated my life to public service, working as an educator, a school administrator, a state superintendent, and now as a candidate for governor.''' ,'''I've dedicated my entire career as an educator, principal, administrator and now as state superintendent toward solving problems, not picking fights.''' ,]
+++