+++
author = "Richard Shelby"
title = "Richard Shelby Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Richard Shelby Quotes"
keywords = "richard shelby,richard shelby quotes,richard shelby quote,richard shelby sayings,richard shelby saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do believe that we should keep guns out of the hands of terrorists, would-be terrorists, and a lot of other people.''' ,'''I think the GOP, the Grand Old Party, the Republicans, they will regroup.''' ,'''I want the market to work if it can, and most of the time it will, but not without some pain.''' ,'''I'm going to put the interests of the nation first.''' ,'''Federal Reserve officials have stressed the importance of the Fed's independence. But such independence does not mean that it is immune from Congressional oversight.''' ,'''If there's not any endgame, we're in quicksand. We take one more step, and we're still there, and there's no way out.''' ,'''I have been advocating for a long time that the Export Import Bank shouldn't be for one or two companies, and that's what it's for, basically.''' ,'''We cannot cut and run. If we are to ensure freedom and democracy, it is essential that we follow through on our obligation to bring about stability in Iraq.''' ,'''I do not like government-sponsored enterprises.''' ,'''You can't go to Washington as a congressman and a senator and expect to make a difference all at once. You have to earn your way.''' ,'''John McCain has not been president of the United States. He ran. He ran a spirited campaign. We lost. I hated to see us lose, but there were a lot of things working against us.''' ,'''We have a unique relationship with the U.K., Great Britain. Tony Blair has been a steadfast spokesman for Britain, and also for the joint interests that we share.''' ,'''Dodd-Frank greatly expanded the regulatory reach of the Federal Reserve. It did not, however, examine whether it was correctly structured to account for these new and expansive powers. Therefore, the Committee will be examining the appropriateness of the Fed's current structure in a post Dodd-Frank world.''' ,'''A lot of people believe, and I do at times, that some of our trade agreements are lopsided, and we've got to look at them. But that doesn't mean that we're going to put a tariff on everything.''' ,'''What we should do is promote trade in the world, not try to stifle it.''' ,'''A lot of my friends tried to talk me out of running.''' ,'''I believe that when you are attacked like we were attacked in America by these terrorist groups, that we not only have to respond in kind, we've got to go farther. We've got to destroy these groups because just sure as we don't - if we didn't respond, we will be hit again and again and again, and we will live in fear.''' ,'''I think you have to be concerned about any presidential executive order because it has the power of law until it's knocked down by an act of Congress or a court.''' ,'''The American people fear there is some gouging going on.''' ,'''I don't want Congress setting monetary policy.''' ,'''All of us want to see the details of any legislative plan if there's going to be a legislative response, but Congress, I believe, is in the mood to do whatever it takes to win this war against terrorism.''' ,'''I support the president 100 percent - when he's right.''' ,'''I believe that reforming our intelligence community is one of the most important things that we can do in order to ensure that our country is in fact safer, stronger and wiser.''' ,'''I don't believe $25 billion or $50 billion or $100 billion is going to change the way Detroit does business.''' ,'''A number of former Wells Fargo employees have described their work environment characterized by intense pressure to meet aggressive and unrealistic sales goals. In a 2010 letter to shareholders, Mr. Stumpf wrote that Wells Fargo's goal was eight products per customer because eight rhymed with great.''' ,'''I never apologize for my efforts to support worthy projects that Alabama.''' ,'''We need to eradicate these terrorist groups, wherever they are. If we failed to do it, we are just waiting for the next.''' ,'''Wells Fargo's internal review only covers unauthorized accounts dating back to 2011. News reports and court documents suggest these problems might have existed long before then. The 2013 'Los Angeles Times' articles led to the L.A. city attorney's office investigation into Wells Fargo's sales practices.''' ,'''I feel good. I've got a lot of energy. I've got a lot of purpose, too.''' ,'''Even some of my Republican friends say I have a populist, progressive streak. I am not a doctrinaire, anti-government person.''' ,'''A lot of people don't believe that Kirk-Heitkamp is a real reform bill.''' ,'''I've been a stalwart for national security.''' ,'''We've got a second amendment right. I think some people forget that.''' ,'''I believe that we have to have a new regulatory regime for our financial system.''' ,'''If things go right, maybe I'll chair the Appropriations Committee.''' ,'''Are we going to change the Constitution? I hope never. We would have to amend it. Let's uphold the Second Amendment.''' ,'''I want people to have the right to bear arms.''' ,'''People who are going to do us harm are never going to register guns. Terrorists, you believe they're going to register guns? Why, no. Goodness, alive, are you crazy?''' ,'''Saddam Hussein has been tenacious in his pursuit of weapons of mass destruction and, unless he is removed from power, he will eventually harm our nation and our allies. Every moment we delay allows him to grow stronger.''' ,'''We have got to be a hell of a lot more aggressive.''' ,'''I believe Europe is burning financially. Europe's problems are not going to go away. They are so structural. Yet, our problems are right behind them. We cannot just look at Europe.''' ,]
+++