+++
author = "Ike Turner"
title = "Ike Turner Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Ike Turner Quotes"
keywords = "ike turner,ike turner quotes,ike turner quote,ike turner sayings,ike turner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In those days, man, in the '50s, black people in the South... We didn't recognize contracts that much. And we didn't recognize marriages that much, either.''' ,'''Spector is a good guy, but he's a nut. Ha, ha, ha! You know, I love him, but he's unpredictable. He's OK as long as he don't drink.''' ,'''In China, when you get to the airport everyone be talking in American slang.''' ,'''I miss riding those fast trains in Japan... 'cause I'd never seen a train that fast in my life.''' ,'''I'm really thankful to God, man. Like now, I'm really making a real comeback with my group. With or without a record, with or without a movie. And behind all the negative press behind this movie.''' ,'''They would come down in Mississippi, they hired me as a talent scout. And I would go all over Mississippi, Alabama, Texas, and find out different artists for them.''' ,'''I believe I was ahead of my time.''' ,'''I really enjoy myself in Norway. Because I had started losing confidence in my ability of what I do. But sometimes, man, you just get tired of fighting and trying to prove yourself.''' ,'''I'm just beginning to develop callouses on my fingers, because I haven't played a lot.''' ,'''Either accept people for what they are, or don't. So, in other words, man, if people don't know me, I think they do themself an injustice. Because, as a whole, I think I'm a good person.''' ,'''Walt Disney got away with portraying me in the light that they were portraying me in. I have always been a fighter, so... But I have no regrets, man. It's just like God brought me through the drugs, I know he'll bring me through this.''' ,'''They'll probably start working on my movie sometime... They are doing a complete movie of my life story. It will not be based on any negativity. It will be more about my life, from a kid, how I came up and why I came through.''' ,'''I always considered myself being an organizer. I'm very good at teaching singers, I'm very good at staging a show, to entertain people. But I never included myself. I never applied this to me as an artist.''' ,'''They used to say it was bad for Indians to drink, but it's bad for anybody. When they drink they lose their cool, a lot of us. Like when we played with Sonny Boy, I would never get paid, you know. He would drink up all the money.''' ,'''They have all different names for music. I think the music I'm going to change the style with is going to be really, really big-years and years after I'm gone.''' ,'''I'm very fast on teaching guys. Like, when I came over here, I only had two rehearsals with the band. I wondered when I first got here... but it sure came up great.''' ,'''I wanna record these girls individually. And then, I wanna cut a blues album on me. But all of it, original stuff, you know. When I listen to the blues today, it's like they all sounds similar. I wanna do something different, to try to add to the blues flavor.''' ,'''I still play Strat, I don't know nothing else. Strats and Telecasters.''' ,'''I'm not gonna try to defend, or undo what's been done. All I could say about whatever's been done, it's been done, and it's water under the bridge. I have no regrets of my life.''' ,'''I can put a hip-hop beat to reggae. That is, I can have real reggae in the drums and in the rhythm, and on top of it I can put The Rolling Stones' feeling, anyone's feeling on top. Nobody has ever done this before, man.''' ,]
+++