+++
author = "Kris Holden-Ried"
title = "Kris Holden-Ried Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Kris Holden-Ried Quotes"
keywords = "kris holden-ried,kris holden-ried quotes,kris holden-ried quote,kris holden-ried sayings,kris holden-ried saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It turns out that I've become a pretty good werewolf actor. I'm going to have to try to get myself into a different position, at some point in the future, but I'll take werewolf. Werewolf is pretty damn fun to play.''' ,'''I was on the national Pentathlon team for a few years, but there was no funding for athletes in Canada. I was in a massive amount of personal debt at the age of 21, so I joined a little modelling and talent agency to get a some work, to do anything so that I didn't have to drop out of school.''' ,'''I love period pieces. It's where my skill sets lie, with the horseback riding, the sword fighting and the accents. I love that world, and I love working on those big, epic shows. That's what I hope to find myself in, in the future.''' ,'''Fencing is a funny sport. Competitive fencing is not really very applicable to the stage world unless you're fighting with a rapier during the Renaissance, you know?''' ,'''I grew up reading a lot of fantasy/sci-fi.''' ,'''I always thought I was doing something special with 'Lost Girl.' How that would be reflected or responded to by the fans, I hadn't really considered. That they are so loyal is amazing. We have such lovely fans.''' ,''''Lost Girl' has just proven to be one of those shows that people enjoy watching. It has an alchemy about it. It's an escape or a release for people, and that's the best we can hope for.''' ,'''Really, acting is like anything else. The more time you put in, the more you learn and the more you can give back to the industry.''' ,'''I grew up reading a lot of fantasy/sci-fi. It was really all I read - anything from 'Dragonlance,' when I was 12, to 'The Wheel of Time' and Robert Jordan stuff, to George R.R. Martin, who did 'Game of Thrones.'''' ,'''I always gravitated a bit towards more of the fantasy, and 'Lost Girl' really fits in with that.''' ,'''I actually did want to be an actor when I was younger, but my father didn't want to hear anything about it. And you know what? I went with his decision. I said, 'Yeah, maybe you're right. I don't know anything about acting.'''' ,]
+++