+++
author = "Boyd Holbrook"
title = "Boyd Holbrook Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Boyd Holbrook Quotes"
keywords = "boyd holbrook,boyd holbrook quotes,boyd holbrook quote,boyd holbrook sayings,boyd holbrook saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I sort of tried to get a basketball scholarship out of high school, but that didn't happen. Then I started working for UPS, and that paid for tuition for school. I moved to a bigger town, Louisville. I did it for a year. I had to work the graveyard shift. And then you get off at eight for classes, so that sucked. Then I dropped out.''' ,'''There are all kinds of directors I want to work with and all kinds of films that I want to do.''' ,'''Skinny jeans and an extra big t-shirt. Ugh, I cannot stand that. It looks like an idiot: it's just proportionately wrong. And the super, super, super, super, super, super, super skinny jeans. I don't think you can get anything done when you're wearing clothes that tight.''' ,'''Most difficult is the labeling by other people that models are empty-headed bodies. I think if you look for negativity, you can find it anywhere.''' ,'''I'm not ever going to be dependent on someone else for a job.''' ,'''I actually moved to upstate New York to the country.''' ,'''With 'Little Accidents', I spent probably three months working with a physical therapist, just understanding, starting from square one, about the neurological makeup of what happens when you have a stroke or what carbon monoxide poisoning does to your body.''' ,'''In this business, you're dependent on the writer, the filmmaker, the luck of beating out who knows how many people for the part. I'm over getting torn up about that.''' ,'''I've never read a comic book in my life.''' ,'''I think Ray Liotta in 'Goodfellas' is the best ever. Given that it was two hours, it was a little bit more theatrical, and I mean that in the most positive way.''' ,'''I've always wrote off the demographic of superhero films because it's just not really something I can relate to.''' ,'''Love is the prize in life.''' ,'''I think Netflix is incredible! I travel a lot, so it keeps me company sometimes. I like 'Peaky Blinders.' I'm a big fan of Cillian Murphy, and he is quite the actor. I watch documentaries, mainly, but I've really gotten into watching scary movies. 'It Follows' is wicked.''' ,'''I saw an amazing film when I was 16 called 'Slam'. It's about a spoken-word poet. Saul Williams is in it.''' ,'''I unloaded planes for UPS in Louisville, Kentucky. It only was bad because it was called 'Earn to Learn,' where you pay for your tuition for college, but you have to work graveyard shift - midnight to eight A.M. - and then go to school at nine or 10 A.M. I was a zombie after two semesters.''' ,'''I collect hats, and I'm really big into Stetsons. Not particularly the Stetsons brand but that sort of fedora-type. I just think it's sharp.''' ,'''Sean Penn, for his acting as well as his writing and directing. There are so many actors I respect, but his reach is so wide.''' ,'''I think, in any sort of medium, repetition makes you better at your trade.''' ,'''I was working in Lexington when I recognized this actor, Michael Shannon, and I was like, 'What do you do?' He told me to get into a theater company, so I got into a theater company near my hometown. I was a carpenter there. And then I slowly got some work.''' ,'''You're constantly working and missing meals. You're away from your family, and you're doing it for, like, eight months.''' ,'''I'm country to the bone.''' ,'''I wanted to be an architect. I used to draw houses and buildings and construct buildings on my own.''' ,'''Netflix is in every country except China and North Korea.''' ,'''You don't really have to dress a ton of actors. You don't really have to spend a bunch of money lining up extras to look the time period.''' ,'''It's taken me a long time to get work, so that's why I like to play really different characters that are really foreign to me. I want it to be something great, and I want to have a great experience.''' ,'''I'd seen Jose Padilha's 'Elite Squad 1' and '2', and I'd seen his documentary, 'Bus 174'.''' ,'''You don't want to play the same role twice.''' ,'''There's a lot to be said about stability. So many people don't get married nowadays - you see it less and less - but it's a shame if you don't ever have that experience of sharing something with someone else. It's a real shame.''' ,'''I love hats. I love vests. I do like to look sharp.''' ,'''For an actor, to go to work every day is a really rare occurrence. You may work on a film for three months max, and then you're off, so you have to find another job and then work another three months.''' ,'''I always like to work with really good filmmakers and really good actors.''' ,'''I wrote a lot. I was in programs for drawing when I was a kid.''' ,'''I think Jack White is pretty dope. He's a little bit more crisp than me in his approach; he's always in a suit; he's always sharp. He's always cleaned up.''' ,'''There was no theater in my high school. I think even our art program was cut - it was so bad. I didn't even know that was a possibility in college or in high school; I hadn't even thought of it. It was pretty negligent. My father has run a bulldozer all of his life, and my mom is in real estate.''' ,'''The audience is already doing so much, so I don't make them work any harder.''' ,'''I have this image of myself as kinda like the Energizer Bunny. I get knocked down, and I pop right back up.''' ,'''One of the reasons a film about Pablo Escobar has never been made in the two-hour format is because there's too much information.''' ,'''When I got into high school, I got really into basketball. I had this itch that I wanted to just move. I didn't know what I wanted to do, but I knew that if basketball became a scholarship or something, it would be a means to that. It turned out I couldn't jump that high.''' ,'''It's so funny how it's impossible for an American actor to play an English part or an Australian part. But by all means, come and bastardize our accent as much as you want.''' ,'''I spent three months with a physical therapist understanding what a stroke is. I asked, 'What is a stroke?' I didn't really know. It's okay to mimic something, but I really needed to understand the signs.''' ,'''For an actor to go to work every day is an extreme blessing.''' ,]
+++