+++
author = "Scott Sinclair"
title = "Scott Sinclair Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Scott Sinclair Quotes"
keywords = "scott sinclair,scott sinclair quotes,scott sinclair quote,scott sinclair sayings,scott sinclair saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think with the qualities I have everyone expects me to dribble past four or five defenders every time I get the ball.''' ,'''I loved that pressure. That's what fuels you as a player. That achievement of playing for Celtic is massive. All the fans put that pressure on your head but it makes sure you go and perform.''' ,'''All I can do is as well as I can in the Champions League then just wait and see what happens. I'm looking forward to it just as much as everyone else. It is a great platform for all of us to show what we are about, to step up to the plate.''' ,'''I had the best season, probably of my career, when I first arrived and then the second year I was still top scorer. I then went through a little stage of... when you have set that bar so high, then everybody expects it every week that goes by.''' ,'''If you set the bar so high like in my opening season then you do have to try to maintain that.''' ,'''As a professional you're always judging each other and picking things out about whether you're better or not than those playing.''' ,'''My job is to come up with different game plans and solutions of being effective in the game. As long as I'm contributing to the team and helping them get results, then that's the most important thing.''' ,'''I think that, because I set such high standards for myself in my first season, it became an issue of me keeping up to those standards.''' ,'''The only thing I do miss is playing football. I had the choice to come to City and fight it out with all the big players and the world stars and it hasn't really worked out thus far.''' ,'''Being at Celtic gave me some of the best moments of my career. I absolutely loved it.''' ,'''It's difficult but most of us haven't had much time off on Christmas Day. I've trained on Christmas Day for God knows how many years and you just get used to it.''' ,'''Every player should look to build on the previous season and do everything they can to make themselves a better player than they were the previous year.''' ,'''I still want to play for my country, I'm still ambitious. But things like that are out of my control so I'll just concentrate on trying to do well for Celtic and see what happens.''' ,'''Someone has new ideas, and obviously my time was up at Celtic. I had to take up a new challenge and I always want to stay true to myself.''' ,'''All I can do is concentrate on what I'm doing, playing as well as I can at Celtic. Whatever happens outside, happens. I just need to do everything in my control, playing well.''' ,'''When you go into the match, you just focus on the game and nothing around about it, you go and give it 100 per cent and make sure you perform.''' ,'''I'm just a Celtic fan now. I watch all the games and follow the club.''' ,'''All the accolades that came my way winning Player of the Year, being top goalscorer all those things that happened, individually to me and collectively as a team, just made it very special.''' ,'''I had to take up a new challenge and I always want to stay true to myself. My last six months at Celtic were a tough time but, at the same time, I'm gone from there now, and I'm enjoying my football again.''' ,'''It's unacceptable, not just in football or sport, but in society. It needs to be kicked out. It needs to stop and be shown as unacceptable to use racial slurs or abuse the ethnicity of players.''' ,'''Jonny Hayes is a good player. All the players trust the manager to bring in the players he believes should be added to the squad and his arrival is great for competition.''' ,'''You just manage. It's all about balance. You have to play football and be professional. You come home and you have family life.''' ,'''You've got to set your sights high and expect to be scrutinised. When you play for a big club like Celtic, you're always going to come under pressure. That's to be expected.''' ,]
+++