+++
author = "Tionne Watkins"
title = "Tionne Watkins Quotes"
quotes_len = "66"
description = "the best 66 Tionne Watkins Quotes"
keywords = "tionne watkins,tionne watkins quotes,tionne watkins quote,tionne watkins sayings,tionne watkins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would like to confirm that Perri Reid was the only person who ever suggested that Chilli leave TLC.''' ,'''No matter what, everyone will go through a disagreement - that's what makes us all different.''' ,'''At the end of the day we feel the same; we all hurt.''' ,'''Don't sit there and wallow in woe-is-me stuff that happened in your past. Move forward. Face whatever you're afraid of. Or deal with it.''' ,'''I get a lot of 'Oh, you've been gone.' I wasn't gone. Just because you didn't see me doesn't mean I wasn't working and collecting checks. I just wasn't singing and doing videos. I do a lot of other things, like I said, like writing scripts and stuff like that. I write for other artists.''' ,''''Waterfalls' spoke to so many people at a time where people needed to feel like somebody was on their side.''' ,'''We were always authentic when it came to our style. From when we started to the height of our fame, we've always been consistent in our look because how we dressed was a result of how we felt. We weren't playing dress-up.''' ,''''Creep,' unfortunately, was one of my true stories.''' ,'''Music is my heart.''' ,'''I'm never going to put another girl in my group. Never!''' ,'''I grew up around guys and got along with them better.''' ,'''I feel naked without earrings. I'll pass out twice. It feels like I'm missing a body part.''' ,'''I want to raise my own baby. I don't want my baby crying for some other strange lady, some nanny. I am not down with that.''' ,'''In life, you have to learn how to heal. You never get over stuff, but you have to learn how to heal.''' ,'''Just because I'm not dancing on a video every five seconds doesn't mean I'm not working.''' ,'''There's vultures out here. You need to listen and learn.''' ,'''In life, when you lose anyone, there's always an adjustment period - emotionally, mentally and physically.''' ,'''I don't care about Donald Trump. I mean, God is my president. So I just feel sorry for people it affects, but I don't care about him.''' ,'''I guess I have to prove myself all over again, even if it's to the world. I don't have a problem doing that.''' ,'''I'm hoping that somehow with songs like 'American Gold' there will be some kind of justice, and people just stop being so close-minded to where they're like, 'Oh, it's not race.' It's easy to say that when you're not black and you haven't experienced it.''' ,'''I was told I wouldn't live past 30 or have children.''' ,'''I don't know if I want her to sing it with us, but I'm curious to what type of song Taylor Swift would write for us. I'm curious to see what kind of pen she would write for TLC. Or like an Adam Levine. Somebody like that. They're phenomenal writers.''' ,'''You're always in a blessed position if you have a great success story, especially to be in a position to be able to tell it so people can even understand.''' ,'''I had an attitude problem when I was a kid. I'm not gonna lie.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I do think there's a higher power, and the way I feel about things and choose to do things has an effect on that outcome.''' ,'''A role model can teach you to love and respect yourself.''' ,'''I've worked in the studio with a lot of young girls, and they'll go, 'Oh, the label is telling me to take off my clothes, and I don't feel comfortable.' Well if you don't feel comfortable, don't do it.''' ,'''If it has something of substance and a platform that makes sense, I can share my story. You can get a little more into my life, and I can mesh my singing with things I love to do and writing for others and telling my story in hopes of helping someone. I'm all for it.''' ,'''I have to thank God for bringing me through and allowing me to continue to do charitable work for other sick children suffering with sickle cell.''' ,'''Everything happens the way it's supposed to because it's just like cavemen - you evolve and grow and learn.''' ,'''I'm not ashamed of anything I've done, because if I feel ashamed, I'm not going to do it in the first place.''' ,'''The interesting thing about the TLC network is that they were interested in following me, not leading me.''' ,'''Great music, timeless music is hard to come by, but there are some that are like that.''' ,'''One thing, parents: you need to realize is you've got to stop letting artists raise your kids. You're the parent. Why don't you monitor what your child wears? Ariana Grande didn't sign on to be a role model.''' ,'''When my kid was five and playing with my camcorder. I don't like it. It makes it look fake looking, too much HD. I don't need to see your pores on TV, like why do I see your pores right here? That's not cool.''' ,'''Miracles happen every day - I'm one!''' ,'''TLC never broke up. We are sisters for life.''' ,'''Because of my sickle-cell disease, I have a high tolerance for pain.''' ,'''I never thought black people would say I wasn't black enough. It didn't turn me into a bully - it just put me on the defensive. I had to watch my back. It made me stronger because I learned how to deal with ignorance.''' ,'''I've traveled the world in one of the best groups ever. I'm 42.''' ,'''The record business sucks!''' ,'''The TLC sound! That's what's so awesome - we have our own sound.''' ,'''Bell Biv Devoe, back in the day, we used to look up to them. They had incredible style back then, so we wanted to be like them.''' ,'''I have learned to smile when I wasn't happy, to sing when I didn't feel like it, and to do things just to please my fans.''' ,'''Whatever your hustle is, go somewhere with it.''' ,'''I get nervous as hell when it's time for the songs to come out.''' ,'''I don't care how much money you have in the world. It's not about that. It's all about time.''' ,'''It's amazing what miracles and little angels and pure love around you can bring out.''' ,'''I've been through a lot with sickle-cell, but my recovery from the brain tumor was the hardest thing.''' ,'''TLC is T-Boz, Lisa, and Chilli. That's it.''' ,'''When you Google someone's name, it matters to me what shows up. Not the lies, but like, did you change lives? Did you do something while you were here?''' ,'''The doctors told me I could never have kids, but God blessed me anyway.''' ,'''I remember getting flowers and champagne for being one of the first black artists on MTV. That was a big deal.''' ,'''I'm open. All of my situations have made me who I am.''' ,'''I want to live. I didn't have time to die.''' ,'''If you want to live, you have to face your fears.''' ,'''I'm not homophobic; I'm just not gay.''' ,'''I think timing is everything.''' ,'''Good music is good music.''' ,'''Some people criticize me for always wearing different variations of bobs, but bobs never go out of style.''' ,'''TLC always looked up to male bands. We saw guy groups could just go out and get the fans screaming by just standing there - fully clothed and with nothing but their music... We saw them as the competition more than the girl groups, with whom we wanted to stay unified.''' ,'''To have a body of work is a blessing - when you have songs that have been around generation after generation that they call timeless music, you can work that for a long time.''' ,'''What I'm proud of, we learned from our lessons.''' ,'''I'm in charge of raising a young woman one day, to be a mother and hopefully a wife.''' ,'''I got kicked out of four high schools just because people took issue with the colour of my skin. As if I could help the colour I was born.''' ,'''I had to learn a lot about myself during the situation with my brain tumor.''' ,]
+++