+++
author = "Vignesh Shivan"
title = "Vignesh Shivan Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Vignesh Shivan Quotes"
keywords = "vignesh shivan,vignesh shivan quotes,vignesh shivan quote,vignesh shivan sayings,vignesh shivan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Vijay Sethupathi looks a film as a film. He never looks at what kind image he is going to get out of the character.''' ,'''Even my first film Poda Podi' was supposed to be remade in Telugu. That was an experimental film.''' ,'''If I talk about my personal issues, they say it is to promote my film. I'm not that desperate that I need to stoop down to such levels to promote my films.''' ,'''I've always been a huge fan of Netflix and its storytelling.''' ,'''Dialogues and emotion based movies don't always work.''' ,'''When an actor even after ten years of experience puts in effort and treats every day of her work as the first day in her career, she becomes an asset.''' ,'''Initially, I'd written a normal love song. Later, I wrote Corona Kannala.' I say cheesy because we used a lot of contemporary references.''' ,'''I don't think remakes should be looked down upon.''' ,'''The fact is that my mother is a cop and generally kids of cops are a little different from their parents - they tend to be quiet. In my case, I was never interested in joining the police force, because right from my childhood I have seen the challenges in a cop's life.''' ,'''I feel like I'm on crutches when I have to go by the dialogue sheet. I want the artiste's natural, spontaneous reaction and vocabulary so that it adds a genuine flavor to the scene without which the sequence becomes entirely cinematic.''' ,'''My relationship with Nayan is too personal to talk about. I am not comfortable sharing it.''' ,'''My working style differs in every film.''' ,'''Everyone knows about my love for music and I am a huge Anirudh fan.''' ,'''Usually climax scenes have emotional or action scenes but Podaa Podi' has a climax with a dance performance.''' ,'''It is a dream-come-true opportunity for me, to have worked on a Thala movie. I am a big fan of Ajith, and what better gift can a fan get.''' ,'''I come from a police family. Both my parents are police officers.''' ,''''Podaa Podi' is a film that sees Simbu and Varalakshmi in three phases of life. Thus this film of course takes more time to wrap than usual flicks. The film is entirely being shot in London and we require to shoot it only during a particular season as the script demands it.''' ,'''I am merely an amateur; being referred as a lyricist is a far fetched dream for me, and I feel I don't entirely deserve it yet.''' ,''''NRT' is a comedy film, which has the extreme of emotions with Vijay Sethupathi and Nayanthara as the protagonists.''' ,'''It's a daunting task to create something that interests audiences.''' ,'''I've always wanted to assist Gautham. I'm happy that I actually got an opportunity to write for him. It's a dream come true to be associated with him.''' ,'''A lot of stuff has been said about me. People said I was a Malayali because I have Shivan in my name just like Santhosh Sivan does. But I'm a Tamilian.''' ,'''I usually prefer casting actors from our own industry.''' ,'''In my case I want my films to be fresh even after a decade of watching it.''' ,'''Anirudh is phenomenal. His popularity among the youth is to be seen and heard to be believed.''' ,'''I am extremely thankful and grateful to Dhanush and Wunderbar Productions. It's a blessing to work with them because he is a non-interfering producer.''' ,'''In a theatrical experience, creating a moment is somewhat easy; you can have a callback to a previous film, and if 10 people laugh, the others in the hall usually join in.''' ,''''Poda Podi' was made in 2008 and should have released in 2009. The movie didn't come out on time and so it lost its charm.''' ,'''Everything is online these days. Even a small bit of information is immediately put up on Twitter or sent via WhatsApp.''' ,]
+++