+++
author = "Mark Knopfler"
title = "Mark Knopfler Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Mark Knopfler Quotes"
keywords = "mark knopfler,mark knopfler quotes,mark knopfler quote,mark knopfler sayings,mark knopfler saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't know whether your heart ever necessarily changes, but time changes the way that you perceive the world. And you just hope it gives you more empathy and all those other things.''' ,'''The music just tends to be a vehicle for that poetry.''' ,'''There happened to be guitar classes at the college, and there was a guitar teacher there with whom I used to play. In addition, I also would go out into country schools and teach little kids basic guitar and singing a few times a week.''' ,'''After a while, though, the group just wasn't a good vehicle for the songs I'd written.''' ,'''I'm not a collector, however, and I have no desire to own 50 or 60 guitars.''' ,'''I just try to stay fit. That's important - just to try to stay physically fit so you can go out there and play. You do need to be in reasonable shape.''' ,'''I'm also getting an Ovation Legend, because I like them so much.''' ,'''I just want to be able to play and make people feel good with what I do. When you're thinking that way, anything can happen. And, usually, what happens is good.''' ,'''Every guitar I own gets used and has its purpose.''' ,'''The 'music industry' is not a term I use. I tend to concentrate on music, and the music business is something different.''' ,'''What I always try to do is to respond to the song; I've always rebelled against theory.''' ,'''If you're thinking the road ahead is a little shorter than the one behind you, you're thinking about trying to write a good song and hoping to make a decent record of it.''' ,'''I love Gibsons, and Nationals, too. There's something magical about them.''' ,'''Instead of receding, the past actually becomes more important. That's what will happen to you. It sounds unlikely, but the past actually changes complexion as you get older.''' ,'''Each song has its own secret that's different from another song, and each has its own life. Sometimes it has to be teased out, whereas other times it might come fast. There are no laws about songwriting or producing. It depends on what you're doing, not just who you're doing.''' ,'''I canceled the Russian shows because, from the days of the first Dire Straits album, I've supported Amnesty International. It's not a good thing to read about people being jailed for no reason, so I raised my hand and made a small objection. It was good to do - but where do you stop?''' ,'''While listening, to things like western swing, for instance, I'd work something out in my head, then play it on my National; not the same song, but one that captured the feeling of the original tune.''' ,'''For me, songwriting is really where it's at. I turn to use the guitar just to help me write the songs. That's it. As a result, my guitar playing suffers pretty horribly.''' ,'''If you feel that you're not getting enough out of a song, change the instrument - go from an acoustic to an electric or vice versa, or try an open tuning. Do something to shake it up.''' ,'''I did learn eventually - perhaps far too late - to respect the talent I have. For a lot of years out there, I was just bashing on to the next thing and not really thinking about it too much. That's what we do. But I'm learning to appreciate the moment.''' ,'''I still enjoy playing some of those early Straits songs, and I'm proud of what we did, and certainly we had some great times. It's what we all wanted when we were kids. But you've got to have the resilience to ride that thing, to pick up that ball and run with it. Because you will keep picking it up and keep running.''' ,'''My idea of heaven is a place where the Tyne meets the Delta, where folk music meets the blues.''' ,'''We used to play in a theater club in London called The King's Head. When the theater let nut, around 10:00 P.M., we'd be ready to go and really get it on for about an hour or so.''' ,'''I was into playing American music, especially the blues.''' ,'''I even played bass for a while. Besides playing electric guitar, I'd also get asked to play some acoustic stuff. But, since I didn't have an acoustic guitar at the time, I used to borrow one from a friend so I could play folk joints.''' ,'''I don't know that I read more than the average person. I don't think I do very much. I tend to read more when I'm on holiday. That's when I can go through books like you wouldn't believe. I read a bit of everything, but the novel has always been very important to me.''' ,'''I had a lot of jobs before I got into music. When I was 15, I was a copy boy for the 'Evening Chronicle' in Newcastle. Then I was a journalist. I value those experiences - I got to see how the world works.''' ,'''I like to buy records for people, make a present of the music.''' ,'''I don't like definitions, but if there is a definition of freedom, it would be when you have control over your reality to transform it, to change it, rather than having it imposed upon you. You can't really ask for more than.''' ,'''While I was into many different types of music, and played with many different local groups, I really didn't have a band to call my own until Dire Straits was formed in 1977.''' ,'''Whenever a political regime or religious establishment refuses to tolerate criticism, it advertises itself as repressive, backward, and insecure.''' ,'''I actually spend as much time listening to new music as to old. Probably more. I just try to get something out of it all.''' ,]
+++