+++
author = "Emeraude Toubia"
title = "Emeraude Toubia Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Emeraude Toubia Quotes"
keywords = "emeraude toubia,emeraude toubia quotes,emeraude toubia quote,emeraude toubia sayings,emeraude toubia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everything that comes your way is to learn - I definitely feel that.''' ,'''I love doing fight scenes. I've been a dancer since I was 3 years old, so I think that helped me with the movements.''' ,'''In my closet, you'd find five black shirts that look the same, 10 pairs of the same white pants, and five pairs of almost the exact same shoe. Every time I go out, I buy shoes that are very similar to my other shoes - it's a problem.''' ,'''I love to shop at BCBG, because it's classy and elegant but a little bit sexy. It fits who I am in one store.''' ,'''Being Latina, I'm super close with my family. I love them, and I love spending time with them. I love being at my grandma's house and eating her food.''' ,'''I was doing telenovelas in Miami and Mexico, and everyone's dream when you're an actor is to be in Hollywood.''' ,'''When I was young, I wanted to be the face of a makeup campaign or a hair campaign, so that's something that I've always dreamed of that hopefully comes along. And then obviously starring with Ryan Gosling in a movie wouldn't be so bad, either.''' ,'''I did a lot of dancing when I was young.''' ,'''I like to surround myself with people that have dreams and that fight for them every day.''' ,'''Fighting is kind of like choreography. It's not just get in there and punching someone: you have to have choreography. Someone is going to hit high; someone is going to hit at the bottom.''' ,'''Dominic Sherwood would always tell me a joke right before it was my take or my close up. He'd say a funny joke, and I couldn't stop laughing, even after they said, 'Action.'''' ,'''I'm very close to my parents and my grandma.''' ,'''I don't go up to guys. I'm all about a guy sending me flowers, getting me chocolates and surprising me.''' ,'''I'm actually not a big coffee fan, so I don't drink it that much. I'd rather have a green tea. But I do love to get a white mocha sometimes - it is just a strong order.''' ,'''It's nice to be able to do more and to always challenge myself.''' ,'''I try to be the best version of me that I can be, whether it's acting or on a personal level.''' ,'''I think everything you do in life is a learning experience.''' ,'''I remember in middle school and high school being so concerned with what everybody else thought. I was trying to be someone I wasn't. I wish I could've just let it slide and not cared about it.''' ,]
+++