+++
author = "Neha Sharma"
title = "Neha Sharma Quotes"
quotes_len = "81"
description = "the best 81 Neha Sharma Quotes"
keywords = "neha sharma,neha sharma quotes,neha sharma quote,neha sharma sayings,neha sharma saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think all girls are Shah Rukh Khan fans.''' ,'''I used to find comfort in food, but can't do that anymore, because of the profession I am in.''' ,'''Films are a platform where you can actually express so much. Something which you really don't have in your personality, you get to do it too, which is actually a lot of fun.''' ,'''Acting in 'Solo' has truly been a wonderful and blissful journey for me.''' ,'''Arrey, it's very embarrassing to be seeing my own dialogues on screen.''' ,'''I've been in this industry for nine years and I've done a fair share of films, but it's not been rewarding enough for me so far.''' ,'''I am really active on social media so yeah, I need a good smartphone.''' ,'''As an actor, there is so much more than just acting in the film. A lot of other things like networking and marketing is involved.''' ,'''I am not a very trained actor.''' ,'''I never choose scripts on the basis of whether the girl is like me. I don't want to play myself... I live with myself, and it isn't fun!''' ,'''Model Kate Moss, she looks fabulous in everything she wears.''' ,'''I have done six films, and so far what I have understood is that if you are not from a film family, you are not going to have everything arranged on a platter for you. You will have to strive for success, strive for every film and fight for another opportunity.''' ,'''Two guys, one girl, and the mess they can create amongst themselves may be the oldest story in the book, but it can quite easily be refreshed given the right story and treatment.''' ,'''First and foremost I have to look at the film from an audience point of view. Yes, one has to see the story from an actor's point of view as well so that you can showcase performance as well. However before that, I need to ensure hits.''' ,'''I enjoy doing a Hindi film more than South flicks.''' ,'''Success or failure is a part of life.''' ,'''It's okay to wear stylish dresses but it becomes too much when you try to fit into those 8 or 9 inch heels and women pushing their limits to look trendy.''' ,'''Working with the Bhatts is something I'll always cherish.''' ,'''My first film by itself was very daunting and though I had offers, I didn't take them because I wasn't too sure.''' ,'''There are good days when I am disciplined and I follow my diet plan strictly and there are lazy days when I eat chocolates, doughnuts and ice creams.''' ,'''I gain weight quickly on my lower abs and thighs so I work them out a lot more.''' ,'''I have a dog, so that is a responsibility I share with my sister.''' ,'''Failure actually makes you strong.''' ,'''There are very few roles you actually get to perform for women. There aren't many woman-oriented films made in Bollywood.''' ,'''The Ambedkar park represents modern Lucknow. It might not have the stature of a historical monument like the Taj Mahal, but it has an architecture which doesn't fail to impress.''' ,'''Yes, I believe pets help you a lot in terms of keeping healthy physically and in a more emotional way.''' ,'''If your first film fails, no one is ready to put money on you any further. But if you have faith in yourself, you will definitely make it.''' ,'''When you are in your initial stages of a career in films, filmmakers say, be happy that you got a chance to work here.''' ,'''As actors, we are selfish. When listening to a story, we think of the significance of our character in that story.''' ,'''Choices had become limited post 'Crook' and I was being offered films that had me play second fiddle. I realized that would take me nowhere, so I waited.''' ,'''I want to do good work. The first failure affected me. That is why I did 'Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum.'''' ,'''The reason I am in cinema is because of the passion I have for cinema.''' ,'''I am Salman Khan fan in real life too. I have always watched his movies first day, first show.''' ,'''You have to have box office success because only then will people show interest in you.''' ,'''I would love to work with Salman. I watch all his films. I loved his performance in many films.''' ,'''There are so many films which are my favorite in 100 years. There are legendary films like 'Bombay,' 'Dil Se,' and 'Guru' as I liked Abhishek Bachachan's performance in the film.''' ,'''For me, it's always more exciting to play someone who is not at all like me.''' ,'''See, I didn't have a big and huge launch as a star-kid would have.''' ,'''I choose films based on the story.''' ,'''No actor can just have failures and no actor can just have successes.''' ,'''I want people to also recognize me for my talent and not just looks.''' ,'''It's disappointing when you put in hard work in a film and it doesn't work.''' ,'''In college, students would do modeling to earn money. I was also doing the same.''' ,'''Acting is what I want to do and as long as I believe in myself, I know that I will reach where I wish to be.''' ,'''I'm not trying to say that the work I have done in the past is path-breaking, but I have definitely tried to pick the best from what I was offered and being an outsider with no one to guide me I think I have done well.''' ,'''I love reading beautiful stories. I love poems and yes, I fantasize about someone writing beautiful lines for me.''' ,'''I have tried to maintain the variety in the characters I choose to play.''' ,'''I'm still getting offers despite my movies not doing well. I feel a sense of gratitude.''' ,'''I don't think it is about talent or looks, it is primarily about box office success.''' ,'''I am happy to have done both 'Crook' and 'Kya Super Kool Hai Hum' but 'Crook' did not do well and one can't say what went wrong.''' ,'''In a way, I do believe in a fairy-tale romance.''' ,'''You have to be comfortable to be stylish.''' ,'''I gain and lose weight very easily, so it takes me a week to get back into the desired shape.''' ,'''I get to work with the legendary actor Dharmji. So I can't consider myself more lucky.''' ,''''Yamla Pagla Deewana 2' is a project which I feel will give me a good standing in Bollywood.''' ,'''It is not like if one film of mine doesn't work then I am going to pack my bags. It all depends on how much determination I have to want something.''' ,'''I hope to get roles that are not just glamorous, but also have some substance.''' ,'''Just because I am open to being unconventional doesn't mean I would pick up anything experimental.''' ,'''In 'Solo,' I play a girl, who is full of life. Since it is a bilingual, the character has two names in two languages.''' ,'''I like working in films that are different.''' ,'''I am doing a show with Nawazuddin Siddiqui. I am a big fan of his work.''' ,'''My personality is such that I mostly tend to imagine the worst case scenario, which stresses me out a lot.''' ,'''As an actor, one is always looking at doing interesting things... meatier roles... stories that turn out exactly the way on screen like when they were narrated to you.''' ,'''My shopping strategy is try out the clothes you like before you buy them.''' ,'''For women, it is difficult because things are very male testosterone driven. Box office numbers are important and male stars tend to get them.''' ,'''I don't get affected whether a film does well or it doesn't. But you do want your films to do well as you put in a lot of hard work.''' ,'''I never thought 'Crook' wouldn't work with the audience - in fact, no actor ever has that in mind especially when it's a debut film. It was shocking initially but I had to move on.''' ,''''Kya Supercool'... is a mad comedy that sees me in a crazy role. I am thrilled with my role and the way I performed.''' ,'''I want to do different kinds of roles, and films that make a difference to my career.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a fashion designer, for as long as I can think of. Acting happened by chance, so I call it beginner's luck, actually. I am planning to carry on for as long as I can.''' ,'''I try and run for at least 15 minutes daily or jump rope.''' ,'''When I got a Telugu film, it happened out of the blue.''' ,'''Yes, I am a diehard romantic and passion is my second name.''' ,'''When you have a family that you know you can always come home too, it just takes care of all your worries.''' ,'''It is very unfortunate that unless you are a star, nobody considers you in B-Town.''' ,'''I am not against kissing on-screen but I definitely do not want to be written about for the number of kisses I have had on screen.''' ,'''Bollywood is a dream come true for me and I am not going to take anything for granted, that's for sure.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a designer. It was when I started modelling for my college shows that I came under the spotlight.''' ,'''You know being an actor you have to deal with a lot of criticism which is not easy, and that leads to stress. So, you have to train your mind to deal with it.''' ,'''A lot depends on whether your first film does well or not, because people don't give you second chances.''' ,'''I planned for my first film 'Crook' - that it would be a smash hit and I would be an overnight sensation. You know how newcomers are, they live in this whole fairytale, like, 'Oh my God, everything's going to be so good and perfect.'''' ,]
+++