+++
author = "Big Cass"
title = "Big Cass Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Big Cass Quotes"
keywords = "big cass,big cass quotes,big cass quote,big cass sayings,big cass saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just want to get out there and see what else is going on, but I will be back; obviously, the goal is to get back to WWE.''' ,'''If I was in Vince McMahon's position, I would have fired myself for sure, 100 per cent.''' ,'''You always need someone who's a part of your squad, and I felt that college basketball really helped with that - traveling together, studying together, and fighting the same battles together.''' ,'''Here's the thing: I started with Johnny Rodz at his school when I was very young. I never really got to see what was out there.''' ,'''I watch a lot of Kevin Nash's matches. I use a lot of his stuff. I definitely use a lot of his mannerisms.''' ,'''Working with Daniel Bryan, that was fun for me. People don't know I was working 30-minute main events with him every night leading up to 'Money in the Bank.'''' ,'''Sometimes I definitely crack up in the ring. If I tried to consciously go in there and keep a straight face, I'm sure it would be very difficult.''' ,'''If I'm going to be honest with you, I made a lot of mistakes. I made a lot of mistakes in a very short period of time.''' ,'''I miss being on the road. I miss being in front of the fans of the WWE Universe. I miss being on RAW every Monday. I'm just really, really itching to get back.''' ,'''About a year into my training, I got a call from WWE, and they signed me. I got signed right away to FCW, so my whole career has been pretty much in FCW and NXT.''' ,'''Sometimes you've just got to sit down, whether you're in the hotel room or on your couch at home, and really just appreciate what's going on around you.''' ,'''Kevin Nash had a swagger about him. A lot of those things that I watch kind of rub off on me.''' ,'''Anybody wants to challenge me, if anybody gets in my way, right, if anybody ticks me off, those are all possible options for people that I want to throw down with at 'SummerSlam.'''' ,'''I'm into classic rock, Bruce Springsteen, Billy Joel.''' ,'''I want to be Universal Champion.''' ,'''Balancing schoolwork and basketball was very, very hard, but a lot of benefits came along with it.''' ,'''When he's around, I try to pick his brain and just try to listen to what he thinks about what I'm doing and what other people are doing because he's The Undertaker.''' ,'''I wanna be the guy that's main eventing WrestleMania year after year. That's always been my goal. That's still my goal.''' ,'''Undertaker is another guy when he's around, I try to talk to him as much as possible. Yeah, but a lot of people are kind of intimidated by him. He's The Undertaker!''' ,]
+++