+++
author = "Shilpa Shinde"
title = "Shilpa Shinde Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Shilpa Shinde Quotes"
keywords = "shilpa shinde,shilpa shinde quotes,shilpa shinde quote,shilpa shinde sayings,shilpa shinde saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My wedding preparations were done. My wedding outfit was ready. I had even bought my jewellery, and the cards were also printed. It is very sad that I had to call off my marriage one month prior to the actual date.''' ,'''To be honest, whenever I run away from something, I land up straight into it.''' ,'''While the world goes against me, I do find some standing by my side always.''' ,'''I have this concept that I will create a creche for old people. Yes, a creche, how when you go to work you drop kids to their creche and there they mingle with other kids and at the same time are in safe hands and you know they have been looked after.''' ,'''I do not wish to work in the TV industry anymore.''' ,'''This is not a filmy line, but truth always wins.''' ,'''No one can ban me or stop me from acting.''' ,'''It's not easy to cook for 20 people.''' ,'''I have never hurt anyone, and that pays back. I have always wanted good for everyone.''' ,'''I have done hit shows like 'Bhabhi' - 'Mayka' did well on Zee TV; so did 'Chidya Ghar' on Sab TV. So why should I work with a new channel with exclusivity?''' ,'''For no fault of mine, I lost everything.''' ,'''Why is it that the producers can do anything and get away with it, and the actors are held accountable for everything? The makers often stop actors' payments, too. Everything is in their favour in the contract.''' ,'''Once the door of the 'Bigg Boss' house closes, everything just happens by itself. You can't put logic and planning.''' ,'''After the 'Bhabiji Ghar Par Hain' controversy, people believed they made my career, but I now maintain that 'Bigg Boss' made Shilpa Shinde.''' ,'''Just because I have signed a contract doesn't mean that he or she has bought me from head to toe.''' ,'''No artist from my industry has ever supported me, but all technicians have been on my side.''' ,'''Wherever I go, people want to come and meet me. At times, I feel a bit suffocated too, as I am unable to be normal and myself.''' ,'''To be honest, I am a really simple person, and most of my friends are not from the industry. I am most comfortable with them. They don't treat me as an actor, and neither would they tolerate me behaving like one.''' ,'''It is tough for an actress to raise her voice on sexual harassment because the chances are they will question your character, they will ruin your career, and they will defeat you in the power game. So one has to be very strong to fight against these white-collar mafias.''' ,'''I deserve to do quality work.''' ,'''I know, in India, cricket is a religion, but I haven't had the time to follow it.''' ,'''No one quits a successful show without a valid reason.''' ,'''Sachin Tendulkar definitely is a legend, but I had a crush on Anil Kumble - what a personality he had. I also liked Ajay Jadeja.''' ,'''I have a very good reputation in the industry; my work speaks for me.''' ,'''There is very little love in this world, and if you give love, you will get it back.''' ,'''I would rather explore the medium of films than television.''' ,'''Life is full of ups and downs. One needs to stay positive in life, no matter what.''' ,'''I believe whatever has to happen will happen - you just need to stand up for yourself.''' ,'''I want people to know who the real Shilpa is. There's a lot of negative idea about me in the industry, and I want to prove all of it wrong.''' ,'''My confidence to win 'Bigg Boss' did not come from the number of fans I had before entering the house.''' ,'''I am overwhelmed with the love and affection of the people. Girls have written letters calling me their inspiration, which has touched my heart.''' ,'''I think I was born for controversies.''' ,'''I was never interested in reality shows or dance shows, as they have become so common.''' ,'''If you are aggressive about something, you don't get it, but if you love, you can conquer everything.''' ,'''I have purchased a flat in Malad, but that is not with my 'Bigg Boss' prize. I had bought it with my earnings that were released by producers of 'Bhabhiji Ghar Pe Hain' just before I was offered 'Bigg Boss.'''' ,'''I don't believe in uselessly fighting for nothing.''' ,'''The concept of 'Dhan Dhana Dhan' is an entertaining one, and I am sure the audience will like it.''' ,'''I don't make friends easily.''' ,'''Let me tell you, everyone has different experiences. I had a lot of things going on, and I am dealing with it in my own way.''' ,'''I am always confident that I am a good person.''' ,'''Though I knew from the beginning that I deserve to win the show, it is a different world inside the 'Bigg Boss' house. It was a journey with a lots of emotional ups and down.''' ,'''I have been through so much.''' ,'''CINTAA has no right say I am unprofessional.''' ,'''I had left everything because of my marriage. As a girl, I know what my responsibility towards my husband and his family is, and I used to do everything according to his will. I kept all his family members in mind, but he still expected more from me.''' ,'''In our industry, everything is taken lightly. Guys say so many things, and if you react to them, they go, like,'We are kidding.' Things like 'You are looking hot sexy' are common.''' ,'''A lot of people had misconceptions that I throw tantrums and am very arrogant, and I knew 'Bigg Boss' will change that. You cannot pretend for 105 days in front of more than 100 cameras. I know myself, and I was confident that the world will also get to know and understand me through this show.''' ,]
+++