+++
author = "Ghostface Killah"
title = "Ghostface Killah Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Ghostface Killah Quotes"
keywords = "ghostface killah,ghostface killah quotes,ghostface killah quote,ghostface killah sayings,ghostface killah saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Lyrics over some nice beats - that's what the people want from us.''' ,'''I went to the mosque one day, and it came to me, like, 'This is where I belong.'''' ,'''You gotta know when it's your time. You might wake up one day like, 'Damn, I just feel good,' but you've been feeling like that for a whole month. That's your season.''' ,'''Me and God has a good relationship.''' ,'''When Wu-Tang came, Wu-Tang was for that era, right there. When Dre had it in the West Coast, it was for that time. Biggie and them, it was for that time.''' ,'''I wasn't into horror movies.''' ,'''To me, 'Ironman' was kind of dark for me. I wasn't looking for it to be that dark like that.''' ,'''If you ask me, I think it should be an eye for an eye. On everything.''' ,'''I'm funny with food, even if it's vegan. I like it well well, well, well done. I don't want anything there that reminds me of blood. I get mine extra well done. That way, when I look at it, I'm like, 'Okay, cool.'''' ,'''It's an honor to sit back and see people loving the things that you did 25 years ago and still be here and be amongst the crowd to receive those blessings.''' ,'''I listen to old music, man.''' ,'''Sometimes you gotta just chill. You gotta chill your thinking process.''' ,'''My father left me when I was 6. My mother tried to take care of all of us on public assistance.''' ,'''My heart tells me what's right.''' ,'''When I see something that I know that's worth something, I go after it.''' ,'''At the end of the day, on the day of judgment day when everybody be judged, you're going to get your fair share.''' ,'''You know when you walk around in your shoes too much and get a hole in the sole? The rubber is split - it's like your shoes are talking.''' ,'''As long as you respect me, I'm a respect you.''' ,'''You gotta use your mind when you're a vegan.''' ,'''You can write music till you 70.''' ,'''It's like when I look into the depths of things, dealing with my spirituality and the most high, it's serious. It's nothing to play with, nahmean. I try my best to be as humble as I can be.''' ,'''That's what I do: I drop albums, and I just keep it moving.''' ,'''I love cheese, and I love onions, pickles, and crunchy things. That's as far as I go with having things crunchy on my burger. I wouldn't go as far as having carrots on my burger. I'll just keep it simple with pickles and cucumbers and some raw onions.''' ,''''The W' was real dark to me. Out of all the Wu-Tang albums, I like the first one and the second one. When 'The W' came into play, and the other ones, I felt they were just thrown together fast. Everyone got their money, and it was just like, 'Whatever, whatever, whatever.' 'The W' was a real dark album.''' ,'''I'm just a regular person, like any other ordinary person is.''' ,'''My favorite on '36 Chambers' gotta be between 'Method Man' and 'Can It Be All So Simple.'''' ,'''If you've got something you want to do, do it right now.''' ,'''Love always overcomes hate.''' ,'''I don't like Grey Poupon - I like French's.''' ,'''I'm just saying to all the Canadian people: y'all got talent.''' ,''''The Wizard of Poetry' - I had that title since I did 'The Pretty Toney' album. That's when the name first came to me.''' ,'''I got books full of music.''' ,'''I am a huge fan of R&B. I love R. Kelly and want to be the person every chick gets with, and 'Ghostdini' is one of the best albums I ever did.''' ,'''You got a lot of girls out there that can rhyme and are underground, but it's sex appeal that makes people really big.''' ,'''In all seriousness, I just think, 'Keep God first.'''' ,'''I want to see myself as being the king of this: the king of music, man, and everything I lay my hands on.''' ,'''You know yourself; you gotta know your seasons. There be certain seasons, it's telepathy.''' ,'''Wu-Block is more street. It's just street, that's all.''' ,'''When you up performing, you gotta have your energy right, so I look after myself, and I take vitamins to give me that boost.''' ,'''When Nas and AZ send you a track, you know it is serious business. Same with Styles P and Jadakiss - then it is serious business. But when you get a trap music track, you know it's time to dumb it down.''' ,'''I made 'Supreme Clientele' what it is. Those are my stories, based around whatever they're based upon. It's me.''' ,'''I used to get money and hustle and do it in the streets.''' ,'''God is real. You have a lot of prophets, angels; everything is real, you know. You know me - I'm a deep person, so my mind goes really, really deep.''' ,'''Knowledge is infinite. You can go anywhere you want to go based on feeling and emotion. That's one of the things God gave me, being able to pull people into that direction. That's just what I do.''' ,'''I was going into a slump during 'Ironman.' I found out I was a diabetic around that time, and I was just stressed out. My mind wasn't all the way there.''' ,'''I wasn't really a deep-rooted comic-book dude.''' ,'''For the hip-hop community, for us to get ahead and go the vegan route or just reducing how much meat you eat, I think it's great for hip-hop, the youth, and the future, everybody.''' ,'''I can't knock gay rap, or retarded rap - whatever. Do what you do; I don't really listen to it. I don't really pay that no attention. Like I said, it's not my cup of tea - to each his own. At the end of the day, we all people.''' ,'''I'm so spiritual.''' ,'''The Scarecrow needed a brain, the Tin Man needed a heart, and the other dude needed courage. I need love. You feel me?''' ,'''Everyone's seen poverty - well, most have.''' ,'''When people ask me, 'When are you gonna stop rhyming?' I don't know when I'm gonna stop rhyming because we all got situations. Even when I get 50 or 60 years old, if God spares my life, if I got false teeth and I'm still rhyming, I have to rhyme about that.''' ,'''I don't even listen to hip-hop.''' ,'''I wanna do a God album, a positive album so the kids and everybody will understand what's going on.''' ,'''I'm in tune with the universe, the sun, moon, and stars. I'm in tune with the jinns that are all around us.''' ,'''I try to listen to all music with an open head, a clear head, try not to say just because I don't know it, it's weak.''' ,'''RZA's my brotha for life. That's my brother-in-law.''' ,'''I try to pace my life out and try not to be too involved with negativity and try to fix what I can fix in my life.''' ,'''For the most part, Islam is about peace. It's dealing with submission to the most high. Mohammed is a prophet, a messenger. But at the same time, we'll fight in the name of Allah. We're not going to let you disrespect our prophet.''' ,'''I get a little bit of cardio.''' ,'''What's right is right, and what's wrong is wrong.''' ,'''All this could go tomorrow, and I would still know how to function, because I never had nothing before. I went through the struggle - it was a rough life.''' ,'''I follow in the footsteps of vets, regardless if they younger than me or older than me.''' ,'''Even when I'm 70, I'm still gonna write rhymes.''' ,'''Drake is brilliant.''' ,'''You go to Africa, and you see how things are over there. Spiritually, it opens you up.''' ,'''I like Gladys Knight and Patti LaBelle. I would love to do songs with them.''' ,'''Everything you see is not always real.''' ,'''I take life one day at a time.''' ,'''You get the beats. You write to them. You go in the studio and lay it down. Hopefully, a song comes out sounding good. If it comes out sounding good, you put it to the side with the rest of the other good ones, and you try to decide which ones you're gonna use on the album.''' ,'''You always had a few brothers that was speaking on Islam, like my brother's uncle. It wasn't big in my neighborhood, but with certain brothers, it was big. I respected it because Islam is my home. I found my home when Islam came to me. I've been living with it ever since.''' ,'''When you're doing a concept album, it's easy. It's like a movie: you already know what you're dealing with.''' ,'''At least I try to stay consistent with every album I do.''' ,'''I don't know. I just do what I do, man, and it's a blessing for people to respect what I do.''' ,'''When Slick Rick first hit the scene, I had to practice that British accent. There's no other storyteller like this man.''' ,'''Def Jam just made deals with me. They wouldn't let me go because they didn't really have that much street cred. So they kept me around.''' ,'''I've got stories on every one of my albums, big ones.''' ,'''I'm a wizard at poetry.''' ,'''I can't talk about Christianity if I don't know it. You can't talk about Muslims or Islam if you don't know it.''' ,'''When I was 18, 19, I had my fun.''' ,'''I love music, and I got an ear for it.''' ,'''RZA's my brother; we been together for years.''' ,'''The 'Can It Be' beat was sick!''' ,'''Terrorism is not related to Islam.''' ,'''Sometimes I say stuff that people may see things more than what I'm seeing. I just say what God sends me, even if I don't know what I'm talking about or I can't break down the revelation of it. I just take what I receive and put it out there to the people.''' ,'''The music industry needs a TV outlet for hip-hop fans and artists.''' ,'''I'm versatile, so however the beat makes me go on it, that's just what it do.''' ,'''I don't want people to confuse me as an MC that talk about nothing.''' ,'''I got a song called 'All That I Got Is You.' I wrote that from the heart.''' ,'''We're getting older, and we were never taught these things as kids: how to eat the right portions or the right food.''' ,'''I wanna rhyme about God.''' ,'''When you get my 'Supreme Clientele,' it is straight bars.''' ,'''I don't have a problem participating with the youth because the youth are our future.''' ,'''There are mad people out there with good beats.''' ,'''Obama's just a puppet - he's a puppet in a chair.''' ,'''I write stories, I don't just write rhymes, I write books.''' ,'''You gotta speak for the have-nots. Everybody ain't rich.''' ,'''I'm my own man.''' ,'''Things change. Nothing ever stays the same, yo. You ain't never gonna stay 25 or 30 or 40. You always gonna change. Every day, you change.''' ,]
+++