+++
author = "Tim Henman"
title = "Tim Henman Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Tim Henman Quotes"
keywords = "tim henman,tim henman quotes,tim henman quote,tim henman sayings,tim henman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A lot of clay court players want rhythm. They want the time to play from the baseline, and it's about preventing them from having that.''' ,'''Unless we get children playing tennis, we'll lose the talented ones with good athletic ability and hand-eye coordination to football and other sports.''' ,'''When I think about how badly I wanted to be a player, and how obsessed I was with the game, I think that, for a long time in British tennis, that's been a big question mark with the kids, how much they want it.''' ,'''I love a rack of lamb with a good bottle of red wine.''' ,'''Quarter-finals is good at a Grand Slam, but I think we want to go farther.''' ,'''When you are dealing with two players who are almost mirror images, the contest often boils down to first-serve percentage. Who is getting more cheap points on their first serve? Who can dominate the other guy's second serve?''' ,'''I had a shoulder problem during my career when I changed my service action and needed an operation.''' ,'''There are too many British players who just aren't good enough. And that's not through lack of effort. But in terms of getting to the top 100, and getting into Wimbledon on their ranking, I feel as though there are too many players who just aren't good enough.''' ,'''People need to know that they can make a living. We are losing a lot of the best athletes to other sports at the age of seven or eight, which is exactly the time when you want to get a racket into their hand.''' ,'''A lot of British players had more potential than me. But they slipped away.''' ,'''I'm a private person. I don't want to write a book because I know the story and feel no need to tell it to anyone else.''' ,'''Changing nappies is easy.''' ,'''Movement on clay is totally different to every other surface and you have to have that balance and understanding of how to slide.''' ,'''My children can really understand the Olympic Games, To have a medal is very, very special.''' ,'''Volleying comes into grass-court tennis because it's a surface that favours the player who gets on the front foot. So if you've got an opportunity to come in and be aggressive, then finishing the points at the net is always going to be a good strategy.''' ,'''The side of me you see when I'm having a laugh is not the one most conducive to playing my best tennis.''' ,'''My wife and I went on a safari break in Singita, South Africa, for our honeymoon and then we went back for our 10th anniversary, which was amazing.''' ,'''It's always fun catching up with the other players because so many of them were really good mates when I was playing on the main tour. The thing you miss when you give up is that camaraderie that you experienced because, for 35 weeks of the year, it really is a travelling circus.''' ,'''I was part of the David Lloyd Academy and when I was 16-17 years old I got to practise with Stefan Edberg and that really helped me.''' ,'''When you see players coming into the new season with injuries and already carrying strapping on various parts of their bodies in January, then it only serves to highlight how hard the sport is and how demanding the schedule can be. There really isn't an off-season and that's the nature of the beast.''' ,'''I still remember playing my first Challenger tournament in Hong Kong in 1990, and the prize fund was $50,000.''' ,'''I've realised I've hit enough tennis balls to last me a lifetime.''' ,'''I think the women's game is a bit different to the men's. They mature at a much younger age in the women's game.''' ,'''Playing the tennis circuit, I travelled so much for so long, that being at home is now one of my favourite things.''' ,'''I really do appreciate how lucky I am.''' ,'''Tennis was my hobby which became my career but it never felt like a job.''' ,'''At Wimbledon there is a golf putting machine to play on in the locker room.''' ,'''When playing, I had acupuncture.''' ,'''You don't give someone a first serve, if there is a bad linecall you take it, because you are going to get bad linecalls.''' ,'''There are no grey areas with commitment, you're either in or you are out; 95 per cent doesn't work. I didn't have that much talent as a kid, but I worked at it, all hours known to man.''' ,'''I think in terms of how my game developed on clay that was amazing.''' ,'''The players that always used to frighten me were the big servers so someone like John Isner if he gets on a roll with his serve, can be a nightmare to play against.''' ,'''A professional's racket is such a personal thing, and it's the tool of your trade.''' ,'''Wimbledon is quite simply the ultimate championship, and I'd be the first to admit it was the one I wanted to win. A lot has to do with the history and the tradition: the grass courts, the royal box, the grand spectacle of it all.''' ,'''I feel at times I get blamed for the weather at Wimbledon.''' ,'''If I could have played my whole career on one court it would have been the Centre Court at Wimbledon.''' ,'''Everyone deals with pressure in different ways.''' ,'''Being a professional player, you just want to control what happens on court and let the other stuff take care of itself.''' ,'''I'm not really a guy who looks back or has regrets. In my house there's only one photograph of me from my playing days.''' ,'''The Olympics had never really been on my agenda. I had been a huge sports fan growing up, But it never really occurred to me that I would have a chance to participate.''' ,'''I love red meat.''' ,'''It's a fact of life that there will always be people who try to cut corners.''' ,'''Tennis has always been my hobby and I love to play but it's also not a bad way to earn your living and it might help if children knew that.''' ,'''I've always been a very good sleeper. I can sleep any time, anywhere and never lost sleep before a big match.''' ,'''There's another 44 weeks of the season out there, and tennis needs to be less reliant on the slams.''' ,'''I believe I'm the best volleyer in the world.''' ,'''The ATP is a difficult structure, it is 50% players, 50% tournaments. And so if you are the chairperson of that organization, it's very difficult to please everyone.''' ,'''My wife has horses and we've got dogs and cats, so our family loves animals.''' ,'''For 15 years, I very rarely read anything about myself.''' ,'''I was in the football, rugby, cricket and hockey teams at school; bit of squash. Tennis obviously.''' ,'''For a few years after I stopped playing people would ask me how I was coping with retirement and there would often be a slightly worried tone to their voice. But I always answered the question the same way: that if I knew retirement was going to be this good I would have quit a long time ago.''' ,'''If there has been any match-fixing then we need to make sure that it's erased from our sport because it's a crime in sports. We have no place for it in any sport let alone tennis.''' ,'''I wasn't really allowed to ski during my career because it was too risky in terms of potential injuries.''' ,'''I've never been interested in the whole fame game; the headlines when I was disqualified in 1995 for hitting a ball girl were more than enough to make me want to keep my head under the radar.''' ,'''My life on the tour was very structured.''' ,'''Sunday lunch is always pretty social.''' ,'''If people's opinion, whether they liked you or not, made you a better player then we'd all be out there on the charm offensive.''' ,'''The on-site catering facilities at Wimbledon are absolutely fantastic. Whatever your dietary requirements are, you can find what you need.''' ,'''India needs better singles players to progress as a tennis nation. They need to develop, be physically fitter and stronger.''' ,'''Andy Murray is very special.''' ,'''I had eight consecutive years in the top 20 and five of those were in the top 10. That's something I'm very proud of. And the way that I played some of my matches at Wimbledon was also very special.''' ,'''I would say, hand on heart, I probably had a very good relationship with the press. The tennis journalists that followed me throughout my career... sure, you know, we had a few bumps in the road, if you like, but that's what you're paid to do.''' ,'''People will be surprised to learn that I've got a sense of humour.''' ,'''The players need to take responsibility for themselves.''' ,'''Clay is so challenging as a surface because you want to be playing aggressively but the margins are so small and it's easy to get the balance wrong and start making errors. Getting your movement right and preparing correctly to hit your shots is key.''' ,'''No question, when you're talking about Grand Slams, they're the pinnacle of the game, and that's what I want to be winning.''' ,'''Players need to look at their own tours, which are run separately from the slams, and ask why they haven't improved the funds on offer.''' ,'''When I played, I maximised my potential.''' ,'''You have to do a good job controlling the things you can control for performance and not get distracted by all the noise.''' ,'''I love the Dunhill Links and I absolutely love playing golf in Scotland.''' ,'''I think you've got to really keep attacking on grass, it's the hardest surface to defend on.''' ,'''I was always single-minded, never thinking about what was being said or written about me.''' ,'''Tennis is not always that accessible but I sometimes think badminton is harder - tennis you can always play against the wall but badminton is tough to even play outdoors with the wind.''' ,'''Returning serve on clay is not easy because you don't always have a sure footing so you can't push off in the way that you would like.''' ,'''I know I'm not the best tennis player there's ever been, but calling me a loser is just ignorance.''' ,'''I never envisaged how much I'd enjoy just being at home, with the kids, playing loads of golf.''' ,'''I heard there was a bit of talk that there might be a second 'Wedding Crashers' film. It would certainly get my support.''' ,'''If you'd asked me when I was 18 if I'd be happy being in the top 100 male players for 10 years, I'd have taken that like a shot. As it turned out I was top five for a decade.''' ,'''The pressure I did feel before matches was self-inflicted. I didn't go out on court there thinking about what was being said in the papers and on TV about me.''' ,'''From when I was about the age of 16 to 33, I was away about 30 weeks a year.''' ,'''People ask me if I would like my children to play tennis, and I'm, like, 'Hmm. Maybe not.' And that's a bit strange.''' ,'''I've worked hard ever since I was that 18-year-old kid who travelled to South America and India to play small tournaments in the hope of cracking the top 200.''' ,'''A professional notices any small change to their racket, whether it's something a bit different to the grip, the strings or the frame.''' ,'''The players should appreciate how lucky they are with the opportunities they've got, and they've got to get out there and maximise that. That's what success is about and unfortunately in British tennis there are too many people over the years who haven't maximised their potential.''' ,'''I was always passionate about what I was doing, and loved the game.''' ,'''If success is measured in maximising your potential and giving 100 per cent to what you do, enjoying it and making a good living then I'm very happy with what I've achieved. If other people wanted more than that from me, what could I do?''' ,'''It's important to promote tennis in inner city schools so kids in those areas have access to the sport.''' ,'''We need to educate the younger players because match-fixing has no place in sport.''' ,'''Players have a very short window of opportunity and they're just interested in what they can earn.''' ,'''From the age of 6 to 33, I was utterly driven and single-minded.''' ,'''Yes, there are times where I might play one bad service game a set. If you look at Sampras, he might play one slightly suspect service game every three sets. So to beat someone like that you've obviously got to be right on top of your game. I've basically got to get rid of that in my game so it makes me very difficult to beat.''' ,'''When I was 28, my wisdom teeth were coming through and I had all four out under general anaesthetic. I remember friends who'd had terrible experiences, but my teeth were removed at 8am and I ate steak and chips for lunch that day.''' ,'''You cannot play every week, and a couple of weeks away is vital. When you look at Federer's record and the number of Slams he has competed in, it highlights how he plans so far in advance.''' ,'''Dealing with the press it was pretty obvious there was a right answer and there was an honest answer. I think quite a lot of the time I gave the right answer. That was my defence mechanism.''' ,'''During rallies, it's always crucial to make Nadal cover the whole width of the court. He likes to camp out in his backhand corner, spearing that big off-forehand diagonally across the court. So the backhand down the line is a vital shot, because it moves Nadal out of his most favoured position.''' ,'''People sometimes come up to me and call me Tiger Tim. Why am I called that? I don't know, it starts with T and I don't know. It has stuck.''' ,'''I can't slow the degeneration in my back.''' ,'''I felt very fortunate that I was able to retire in the circumstances that I did.''' ,'''When I was playing, I kept my calorie intake up with protein shakes and chicken, fish and steak. Now there's no real diet, but I pay attention to what I eat.''' ,]
+++