+++
author = "Jose Reyes"
title = "Jose Reyes Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Jose Reyes Quotes"
keywords = "jose reyes,jose reyes quotes,jose reyes quote,jose reyes sayings,jose reyes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was a kid, I liked to enjoy the game. I play good when I enjoy the game. If I get too serious in the game, I won't play the way I'm supposed to play. That's the way I am, always. I like to be happy, and I have a lot of energy.''' ,'''In baseball, nothing surprises me. I understand this is a business.''' ,'''I hate when people say, 'He's having too much fun.' I've been in this game since I was 19 years old. Did you see a different Jose Reyes? No. You see the same guy every single day; nothing changes.''' ,'''It's hard for me when I'm not getting on base too much. I feel like I'm not contributing to the ball club. When I'm on base, I'm making stuff happen; that's more energy for the ball club.''' ,'''I'm going to try to be a better guy, a better man, better husband.''' ,'''I like to run a lot. I like to chase the ball.''' ,'''I don't have too much time to spend with my family. But when I have that time, I put everything into that. Nothing else. I spend all that time with them.''' ,'''Sometimes you are going to have to games where you are going to have to manufacture runs, stealing. Particularly when you face real good pitching.''' ,'''I feel like, looking back, if I didn't have so many injuries, who knows where my numbers could be right now. But only God can judge me.''' ,'''I can go 0-for-5, I can go 5-for-5, I'm going to be the same guy. I'm a happy guy, people have to deal with it.''' ,'''Nobody likes to lose. I'm not going to be happy and excited about that, but I'm still going to be me because I know from the bottom of my heart there's going to be a next game; maybe try to win the next game.''' ,'''I don't have to prove myself to anyone. People know what I'm capable of. I've spent a long time in this game.''' ,'''I want to win. I don't want to spend the rest of my career on a last-place team. That's not the kind of player I feel like I am.''' ,'''When I retire, I'm going to go home and say, 'I played for what?' You know, if I don't win anything.''' ,'''The Dominican is a real nice place to go for vacation. It is a poor country, but it has another side. Beautiful beaches. It's like every country. You're going to have a lot of poor people, but there's a beautiful side, too.''' ,'''At the end of the year, you'll see my numbers. My numbers are always there.''' ,'''In the beginning, when I signed with Miami, they said they were never gonna trade me, and then, after first year, boom, they traded me to Toronto.''' ,'''I don't like golf. That's too boring for me. I need something with more energy and more enjoyable.''' ,]
+++