+++
author = "Sunny Singh"
title = "Sunny Singh Quotes"
quotes_len = "78"
description = "the best 78 Sunny Singh Quotes"
keywords = "sunny singh,sunny singh quotes,sunny singh quote,sunny singh sayings,sunny singh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''References help you to start but what's after that? If you can't prove yourself, if the audience doesn't accept you, you stand no chance. When I started off my father told me 'remember if you can't prove yourself no one will invest crores on you.'''' ,'''I remember giving auditions for ad films and I used to wait for hours for my turn to come. I used to go for print shoots for Rs 2000. I used to go to the director's office with my portfolio and the receptionists used to tell me to put it in the post box outside.''' ,'''The future will be good for those who work hard and sharpen their skills.''' ,'''Luv Ranjan is like a big brother and has done a lot for me.''' ,'''I have been crazy about Akshay Kumar, probably because he gives me the Delhi vibes. While growing up, I would watch each and every movie of his.''' ,'''Along with hard work, you also need luck by your side.''' ,'''The more comfortable you are in front of the camera the more you can emote well. If you are confident then 90% game is won.''' ,'''My father is an action director and he often worked with Veeru Devgnji. That's how I would end up at Ajay Devgn's film trials.''' ,'''Sara Ali Khan and Kiara Advani are very beautiful and attractive.''' ,'''Every movie that comes to me is an opportunity for me to show that I can play varied parts.''' ,'''I enjoy having a quiet celebration over good food with family and a few close friends.''' ,'''My dad was a pehlwan before, then he became a fighter, and then he also became an action director wherein he did movies like 'Gangajal,' 'Zameen,' 'Shivaay,' 'Golmaa,l' and many movies for which he also won accolades.''' ,'''An actor is here to perform. For example, if a character is a Punjabi or a Bihari, and the actor is not, doesn't mean we have to cast an actor from that region. If an actor can perform, they can portray anyone because an actor is here to try different roles.''' ,'''My cousins and relatives are from Punjab, and we always speak in Punjabi at home.''' ,'''When 'Ujda Chaman' didn't do well at the box office, I felt bad, but didn't lose heart. Those who watched it on OTT, said nice things about my performance. It made me realise the importance of staying patient.''' ,'''Father's day is very special much like Mother's day is.''' ,'''I am a calm person, and I never lose my composure.''' ,'''Kartik has been a good friend. We know each other since 2011 and ever since, we have always hit it off well.''' ,'''If you notice, the characters in 'PKP 1' & '2' and 'SKTKS' are relatable. I think writer Rahul Modi and Luv sir create a real world.''' ,'''I have realised that it's important to dedicate time to a film and role, no matter how big or small it is.''' ,'''You should meditate, workout consistently and eat right.''' ,'''My father is an action director from 35-40 years and I've seen how things work in the industry all my life and I was being patient to get the right opportunities and not rush to take up anything.''' ,'''When actors try new things, cinema also gains a lot from it. At the same time, the nature of the business is such that if something works, people offer the same thing to you over and over again.''' ,'''What matters and what makes me feel content is the kind of script that comes my way and the quality of performance I deliver.''' ,'''If you have back-to-back flops and you're not a star's son, it depends on your destiny or contacts. People say 'No, I'm not going to take this director/actor, he's given four flops,' they forget the day when the same person was a hit.''' ,'''I am growing as an actor and person.''' ,'''My father and uncles would often tell me that I was going to become a hero because somebody or the other was related to the film line. When you start getting inspired by others, that's the point when you decide that acting is meant for you.''' ,'''I'm very happy and glad that people, especially the youth, are excited to meet me. I have a lot of gratitude, because these are the people who encourage you to follow your passion.''' ,'''I love the camera and I guess it's because it's been an integral part of my childhood.''' ,'''I would accompany my dad to his film's sets. I especially remember going with him on the sets of 'Vijaypath.'''' ,'''I always want to do real roles. When my father used to go to Dilip Kuamr's house, he used to show minute details of acting. I watch documentaries too.''' ,'''I was excited to play a bald guy in 'Ujda Chaman' because I had seen the Kannada film 'Ondu Motteya Kathe.' I loved it, and I felt inspired. It was the kind of movie that I wanted to do. I thought this film was offering me a very different role and an opportunity to perform.''' ,'''If my movies are earning decent numbers, my work is being appreciated, then you might not feel it, but if something bad happens, the onus doesn't come only on actors.''' ,'''Personally, I always wanted to do a rom-com or an action film.''' ,'''You've to be real, and think about yourself rather than others.''' ,'''We really love decorating the Christmas tree around Christmas and have our little fun by playing Secret Santa.''' ,'''I am a very shy person, hence it feels awkward to approach people.''' ,'''It's been quite a long time that I've been working out, so I know what sort of workouts work for which muscle group and overall strength.''' ,'''I believe stardom is a by-product of good work.''' ,'''I don't care what genre is offered to me... be it comedy or not. For me, it can be anything as long as the script is good.''' ,'''For me doing roles and having a constant connection with the audience is important.''' ,'''Fathers have a quality of responsibility and coming back home from work after the daily hustle and the best thing is that despite the hustle and problems, they will still have a smile on their faces which is a very special quality.''' ,'''Children in my family really look forward to Christmas presents and I enjoy becoming their Santa, eating chocolates, playing and spending some time with them. I also meet up with some of my close friends to have good food. That's all about Christmas for me.''' ,'''Shooting for 'Paathshaala' was a good experience. I learnt a lot.''' ,'''As long as I give my 100 percent to my character and I feel connected to it, I am happy.''' ,'''When films looked a little difficult I did two TV shows and learnt a lot. I even did modelling in between.''' ,'''I know a lot of people who're going through premature balding but they're so confident in their approach. However, there are some who do have complexes and I'm sure they will learn to overcome that.''' ,'''With other actors, I have always been respectful. Ayushmann is an ace actor. I love everybody's work. We are an industry of professional actors and filmmakers. Everybody is here to make films. I feel very good about it. I don't have any negative or bad thinking.''' ,'''I want to do action of course. It is my father Jai Singh Nijar's dream to cast me in a good action-comedy film like Akshay Kumar sir. I have even trained to build up fitness for the genre.''' ,'''I'd like to believe that my face is very versatile and I can play the uber cool guy as well as the sexy hunk with equal ease.''' ,'''I played Shah Rukh's nephew in 'English Babu Desi Mem,' which was my last assignment as a child actor. I was about eleven then. He's one of the best actors I have ever worked with. He really helped me with my lines and expressions. He's such an inspiration.''' ,'''I am a Punjabi at heart, but I've been born & brought up in Mumbai and even did my schooling & graduation from Mumbai itself.''' ,'''Ujda Chaman' has helped me gain more confidence in my own skills as an actor because it's such an unusual story. Several people asked me to not go for such an unconventional role at such an early stage in my career but I had a positive feeling when I saw the movie.''' ,'''The day I was born, I knew I was going to act! Okay, that can sound a bit exaggerated, but I knew I want to enter films when I started understanding the world of films and saw my father going on sets. Maybe when I was just a kid.''' ,'''In this business, believing in your work, being patient and consistent always pays off.''' ,'''The beauty of Christmas movies is that they make you feel like Christmas is actually the most wonderful time of the year. I don't love one particular movie, I'd rather say that all Christmas movies are great to watch during the festive season. They give a really good vibe and have happy endings most of the time, that's what I love.''' ,'''One day, I met Luv Ranjan through a casting agent. That was the best day of my life. After my family, he is the only person who I trust and have faith in.''' ,'''I learn on every set as an actor and a human being.''' ,'''Directors and actors are people whose career spans are very short.''' ,'''As an actor, what matters to me is to keep doing good work.''' ,'''I do visit the church every Christmas, spend time with family and close friends at dinner.''' ,'''I think I am my sole competition and see only myself in my league.''' ,'''I am a simple man who knows how to act and wants to work hard.''' ,'''Bromance is a steady investment of years and the guys know each other through and through. On the other hand, romance is something that requires more investment in a shorter span of time.''' ,'''My dad was clear that it was important to start the journey from scratch and give auditions. I used to stand in long queues, where a hundred people would stand ahead of me... One thing I knew, that I must be focused on whatever I did. And that helped me to keep striving.''' ,'''I am good friends with Vicky Kaushal. In fact, he is from my hometown and our homes are just a kilometre apart. Our families get together during occasions and we know each other very well. He is a very sweet and simple guy.''' ,'''A lot of people think of me as a Delhi-guy, especially because of the movies that I have been doing and the way I talk.''' ,'''I have been through times when I would audition for roles and not make the cut.''' ,'''My dad wants me to do action. Every time I go home, he asks me if I'm doing an action film or not, because then he wants us to do it together.''' ,'''It eventually comes down to the right timing and right scripts. Some may have two to three releases a year, some may have just one - luck changes with every Friday release.''' ,'''I don't like overacting or putting in way too much in a role when it is not required. It takes away the natural performance which you can give.''' ,'''In general, I like whatever my mother cooks. But I especially like her chat meals.''' ,'''I only want to focus on working hard and want to act in as many as three to four films every year.''' ,'''I am a homebody and don't socialise. If it was left to me, I would also quit social media.''' ,'''Since childhood, I wanted to be a hero, but now, I want to be an actor.''' ,'''It's incredible that 'SKTKS' has done so well and my work as Titu has been appreciated.''' ,'''Fathers always have their shoulders available to children for support. They are a source of inspiration in our lives and for every son or daughter, they are the strongest.''' ,'''I surf online if I want some new combinations of workouts, and include them in my routine.''' ,]
+++