+++
author = "Mia Kirshner"
title = "Mia Kirshner Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Mia Kirshner Quotes"
keywords = "mia kirshner,mia kirshner quotes,mia kirshner quote,mia kirshner sayings,mia kirshner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think I'm dull. I would rather watch other people.''' ,'''I just saw a copy of a cover of a magazine that I'm on, and it's very weird and unusual.''' ,'''I am dumb when it comes to learning dance steps.''' ,'''It's so much harder to keep your clothes on than take them off in this business. Even in Exotica, they wanted more nudity, but I didn't feel comfortable.''' ,'''It felt like a very, very weird thing to go on the set on September 13th. I would never want to glorify that.''' ,'''In terms of my own film experience, I'm definitely used to morose and very heavy, heavy dramas.''' ,'''It's fine to have anal sex as long as you're not in high school.''' ,'''I am an extremely private person. I always feel that I come across as a caricature of myself whenever I do interviews.''' ,'''Every day is bizarre.''' ,'''Nothing is sacred, right?''' ,'''I need a break. I've been working for about a year and a half. I think I'd like to go to Pakistan.''' ,'''One of the makeup artists once dyed my dog blue with vegetable blue.''' ,'''The way I approach the character isn't about being gay or straight. It's just about who you love. Gender has very little to do with it.''' ,'''I think one's sexuality can be the center of life, and coming out and discovering your sexuality is something that really can define your existence.''' ,'''I've never done a teen movie before, but I certainly could tell you some of the ones I came very close on. I was very close on Clueless and She's All That.''' ,]
+++