+++
author = "John Doerr"
title = "John Doerr Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 John Doerr Quotes"
keywords = "john doerr,john doerr quotes,john doerr quote,john doerr sayings,john doerr saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Green technologies - going green - is bigger than the Internet. It could be the biggest economic opportunity of the 21st century.''' ,'''The next wave of the Web is going to be user-generated content.''' ,'''It does seem really hard to get consumers to do the right thing. It is stupid that we use two tons of steel, glass, and plastic to haul our sorry selves to the shopping mall. It's stupid that we put water in plastic bottles in Fiji and ship it here.''' ,'''Well, there are more writers of blogs right now than there are readers, so that's clearly a vanity phenomenon.''' ,'''Better biofuels are a really big deal. That means we can precisely engineer the molecules in the fuel chain and optimize them along the way. So, if all goes well, they're going to have designer bugs in warm vats that are eating and digesting sugars to excrete better biofuels. I guess that's better living through bugs.''' ,'''We all know about blogs and how big they are.''' ,'''It's actually not unlike Google at that stage of development. They had an up-and-running site. It wasn't losing very much money, it wasn't making very much money, but it was growing.''' ,'''It is quite clear that compelling content, which is made available on economic terms that respect the intellectual rights of owners, can be a tremendous spur to the growth of broadband networks.''' ,'''Green-tech could be the largest economic opportunity of the 21st Century.''' ,'''People are looking to have more meaning in their lives. It is a sign the technology community is coming of age.''' ,'''They've found a way to privately, or within a small family group, share expressions, or other images, drawings, and then gain access to some of the world's great expressions and images and make them real, make them tangible.''' ,'''There's this large trend - I think the next trend in the Web, sort of Web 2.0 - which is to have users really express, offer, and market their own content, their own persona, their identity.''' ,]
+++