+++
author = "Mohit Chauhan"
title = "Mohit Chauhan Quotes"
quotes_len = "89"
description = "the best 89 Mohit Chauhan Quotes"
keywords = "mohit chauhan,mohit chauhan quotes,mohit chauhan quote,mohit chauhan sayings,mohit chauhan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I did a lot of theatre.''' ,'''If I had planned to be a singer, I would have got trained. In fact, I was more into theatre and plays while growing up.''' ,'''I was born and brought up in Himalchal Pradesh, so I have bond with mountains and love being surrounded by them. So I love Nepal.''' ,'''Delhi has played a pivotal role in my both personal and professional life.''' ,'''I was offered a jingle, and that led to another one, followed by composing music for documentaries. It got me in contact with other artistes on the scene. We would meet, jam up, and that's how Silk Route was formed.''' ,'''I want to visit Moscow again and again in my life.''' ,'''It never occurred to me that I'd be a musician. I was just drunk on music, jamming with friends, chilling out with lot of music around.''' ,'''Acting was always there in my mind, but I never tried too hard to take it up. I had to pay my bills, so I did whatever came my way. Music happened first, so I took it up quite passionately.''' ,'''I started my journey with 'Dooba Dooba.'''' ,'''After a song comes out, it doesn't remain yours.''' ,'''It is good to have competition because that helps you survive in the long run.''' ,'''Marriage is definitely a very comforting feeling.''' ,'''I try to sing every number to the best of my ability, and I am glad people like it. I believe every number is special with a soul of its own.''' ,'''In a way, Delhi has contributed in my journey to become a successful singer.''' ,'''I have always loved singing.''' ,'''In schools, if you go to teach kids with less interest in music the nuances of music, they feel deviated, as it is very technical. But teaching them songs, to begin with, creates a natural desire in them to know the other country, their eating habits, the way they dress up, how they look, and other things.''' ,'''For Silk Route, my album 'Dooba Dooba' was a resounding success.''' ,'''The power and reach of music should never be underestimated.''' ,'''It's very challenging to be a playback singer in Bollywood.''' ,'''I sang so many beautiful compositions, but 'Rockstar' was indeed magic.''' ,'''My parents tell me that I've been singing since I was really young.''' ,'''It's a great feeling to be appreciated by music lovers.''' ,'''I still like to play songs from my Silk Route days at concerts.''' ,'''Be aware and hold the government accountable.''' ,'''My personal favourites include J. J. Cale, R. D. Burman, Mehdi Hassan, and Ghulam Ali.''' ,'''I was making music simultaneously while studying B. Sc. and M. Sc.''' ,'''For an artiste like me, it was very difficult to focus on studies with a beautiful campus around me.''' ,'''I finished my university, was part of NSD, and did full length plays on stages.''' ,'''Music is part of our culture.''' ,'''If I get an offer, and I think there is something I can do, then I will think about it... I am ready to consider any film and TV acting offers, provided it is great.''' ,'''It was in Delhi when I started doing jingles and making money through music.''' ,'''I have a great liking for the Chamba folk music, which depicts the beauty of women and the mountains with a touch of Indian classical music.''' ,'''I am completely attached to my roots, and therefore you will see a Pahadi touch in all my albums.''' ,'''Who could think that children from the pockets of Himalaya sing folklore from Scotland and vice versa? Such an education in the initial years develops compassion and mutual respect for each other's skills.''' ,'''In 'Boondien' I worked with a band where everyone had their own instrument to play.''' ,'''Being in a band is like a small family. You travel together, make music, and share time with each other.''' ,'''It is hard work composing a song for a film and showing it to makers: 50% of the tune remains the same, and the remaining 50% is changed to suit the script.''' ,'''The great tradition of Delhi can be seen through its cuisine.''' ,'''The one sure way of participating in the process of nation-building is to vote on the election day.''' ,'''I don't think Bollywood is my ultimate destination; I believe it's a part of my journey.''' ,'''When I sing, I try to make the song my own and sing it my way because, in my mind, I am not following any school of thought. I just make myself free.''' ,'''Music has always been a part of my life. It's my way of expression.''' ,'''The real deal is when you are friends with someone said since ninth standard or college days: the person who has been with you through your struggle and stayed with you through thick and thin.''' ,'''Not many people know, but Pahari songs are amazing.''' ,'''I can't take credit for the success of my songs.''' ,'''I am getting to work with some good musicians, artistes, and composers.''' ,'''Music has no borders, which is most important.''' ,'''My cousin lives in Delhi, so I kept visiting the city and got really fascinated with DU. Apart from studies, one also gets good exposure to music here. For an artist, there are a lot of opportunities in the city.''' ,'''You should create music which comes from within and not bother about anything else.''' ,'''I grew up in the hills and studied in college in Himachal Pradesh.''' ,'''I love singing for films because there is a story to the song; it takes you down a new road.''' ,'''I studied science. And I had a group of friends who were heavily into music and theatre.''' ,'''My wedding was a very private affair for close family and friends, so I had decided to hold a reception in my native town.''' ,'''I'm just fortunate to get to sing songs composed by such great musicians. It's a bonus that the songs have been received well.''' ,'''I have sung some great songs, and fortunately, all have gone to become hits.''' ,'''For me, music is for the soul - no matter whether the song is composed by me or by someone else.''' ,'''I would love to compose for an entire film because it will be a different experience.''' ,'''Being in smoggy Delhi was a gloomy feeling.''' ,'''I had a lot of Bengali friends in Delhi. The bands there had Bengali musicians: for example, Indian Ocean. We use to have a good amount of adda and sing songs through the night.''' ,'''One of the most iconic films ever made was 'Sholay.'''' ,'''Classroom singing is common in India, but no one gives you marks for that. My idea is to introduce music and singing as full-fledged subject so that talent can be polished at an early stage. Also, it will help alleviate stage fear.''' ,''''Fitoor,' in a way, signifies my journey through the years. It's a collection of 10 songs that I have written. It's basically about what I have been experiencing.''' ,'''I firmly believe the way forward for our nation is to have a robust democracy.''' ,'''I just try to sing every song with sincerity.''' ,'''There's always a market for music.''' ,'''Since I am an avid singer and a lot of my fans want to hear me sing, I thought it will be really nice to sing my songs online so that more people could watch me, and I thought digital is the best way to connect with everyone.''' ,'''After Silk Route disbanded I came on my own, and through the years, I have sung a few film songs while writing songs for my album.''' ,'''One has to create music with mass appeal and not something which is niche. With niche music, you will only go a small distance.''' ,'''I like traveling, eating, and relaxing at home.''' ,'''In terms of creativity, both are equally satisfying. Music album is for yourself, where you compose songs and stuff like that, and in films, you have a story, characters, and songs penned by someone else.''' ,'''I don't do any special preparations before recording any number, nothing like deep breathing or meditation.''' ,'''I used to spend a lot of time dreaming and writing poetry.''' ,'''Though I did M.Sc. from Dharamshala, I was always attracted towards music.''' ,'''When you sing for a film, you are not in control, because somebody else is directing it; somebody is doing the lyrics.''' ,'''I do agree that when a singer sings all the songs for one actor in a film, the impact is much better.''' ,'''Be it a musician or an artiste, everybody likes to be in their comfort zone because that's where you are most happy.''' ,'''Music has been an important part of my life.''' ,'''Friendship formed in the glamour industry comes with mutual benefits, which is nice, but it is not the real deal.''' ,'''I am really thankful to the audiences that they have appreciated all my songs and I have managed to touch their soul.''' ,'''I not only composed music for my albums but also for the film 'Main, Meri Patni Aur Woh.'''' ,'''I don't see my singing for films as a transition from singing my own songs because I see it as part of the same picture.''' ,'''Music, to me, is something that connects to the soul.''' ,'''When you are travelling, there's romance, and there's music.''' ,'''I always say a song is like a ship. Once it has been made, you let it sail. Let the waves take it in the direction it wants to.''' ,'''My own experience suggests that where there is tourism, there are tigers. And that's the reality.''' ,'''I would take my guitar to college and sit for hours in the hills humming to myself.''' ,'''Kishore Kumar was multi-talented and original, so I really respect him.''' ,'''The whole basis of conserving is not about nature - it is about people. If we don't look after the people surrounding the place, and if they don't have the value of preserving it in their pockets, then they are not going to preserve it.''' ,'''As I was born and brought up in Himachal Pradesh, I used to listen to a lot of Hindi songs over radio apart from ghazals, western music, and 'Himachali' folk songs.''' ,]
+++