+++
author = "Dave Schultz"
title = "Dave Schultz Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Dave Schultz Quotes"
keywords = "dave schultz,dave schultz quotes,dave schultz quote,dave schultz sayings,dave schultz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What happens to most intelligent people is they retire after they turn 26 or 27. I don't have to deal with that problem.''' ,'''There's no doubt about it, there are a lot of things I don't like about collegiate wrestling.''' ,'''I always attempt to stay within the rules of wrestling.''' ,'''I really wasn't convinced I even needed college. I was really miserable for awhile. But before school, coach Chesbro talked to me. He told me I really needed college, especially since I want to be a college coach some day.''' ,'''Most people don't understand the mental preparation that's also involved in wrestling.''' ,'''The judges are trying to make the sports as safe as possible and I was just sorry they thought it necessary to consider me dangerous.''' ,'''When I get real nervous I go to sleep.''' ,'''When I wrestle best is when I have a hard time remembering.''' ,'''I'm what you call a washed-up wrestler.''' ,'''I don't know that I'm a free spirit or anything like that. I just have my own way of doing things. That's the charm of wrestling. What works for you might not work for me.''' ,'''Pain, love and desire are very hard emotions to record.''' ,'''I just enjoy the challenge of me against the other guy. I've never been able to get enough of wrestling.''' ,'''I think the biggest thing I've learned from my international experience is that it's our systems that are different. People are the same everywhere. The system puts restraints on people. But they're good and bad, generous and selfish everywhere.''' ,'''I always like it when I win, especially against a Soviet.''' ,'''It would be nice to win a gold medal and then sit back and watch Mark win one, too.''' ,'''Wrestling is a very technical sport. For example, there are 100 different ways to grab a leg.''' ,'''There are a lot of advantages to being an American, but being an amateur athlete is not one of them. Other countries step into your life more, but they take care of you.''' ,'''The fact is, I'm really happy that Kenny Monday's around. You've got to have people who are worth beating. He's worth beating.''' ,'''Oh, I stay nervous, no matter who I'm wrestling. But I sure feel better when the match starts.''' ,'''I don't want people saying the only reason I won was because there wasn't anybody at my weight. I don't want to clarify any medal I might win. That's not what wrestling is all about to me.''' ,'''Your perspective changes between when you're 15 and 32.''' ,'''Those last hurrahs can last a long time.''' ,'''I just lacked discipline over a period of time. I got up to 178 or 179, but it wasn't exactly lean, you know. I was starting to feel kind of fat. Well, I was fat.''' ,'''They don't allow a lot of stalling in college, but that's a contradiction, because at the same time they give points for riding the tar out of a guy. And it's too soft on what moves you can use. If you start to twist an arm, it's illegal, if you twist a leg it's illegal. There's no way you can turn a good wrestler over without some pain.''' ,'''I'm sorry I'm perceived as an element that's dangerous. I've never tried to hurt anybody. I'm interested in scoring points; pinning and winning.''' ,'''Without competition we wouldn't be able to test ourselves.''' ,'''I've got a wife, two kids, a dog and a mini-van. Isn't that disgusting? We're talking Americana, man. Apple pie on the table and everything.''' ,]
+++