+++
author = "Geraldine Page"
title = "Geraldine Page Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Geraldine Page Quotes"
keywords = "geraldine page,geraldine page quotes,geraldine page quote,geraldine page sayings,geraldine page saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In 'Summer and Smoke,' I was supposed to be a plain-Jane wallflower, and instead, I had all these costumes. I looked like a Barbie doll.''' ,'''The main thing is the ability to control your instrument, which, in the actor, is yourself. Look the way you want the character to look. Sound the way you want the character to sound. Once you've trained the instrument to do what you want, you're in control, and you're free.''' ,'''I have played old ladies since I was 17 years old, and very convincingly. I've always looked funny and was too tall to play the leads and so had to play the grandmothers.''' ,'''A lot of people say I always play neurotic women. Well, who doesn't play neurotic women?''' ,''''Greedy gut' is my middle name. I love food, and I love parts.''' ,'''I love the Oscars. All sorts of tacky people win. And watching everyone run up and down those aisles is just adorable.''' ,'''I keep getting offered these women-with-a-disease things.''' ,'''I didn't want to be a Hollywood actress who every so often does a Broadway play. I wanted to be a Broadway actress who every so often does a movie.''' ,'''I always wanted to be good at something, to be somebody. The minute I got into my first play, which was called 'Excuse My Dust' - I was 17 at the time - I knew that this was what I'd been looking for.''' ,'''If I read a part and think I can connect to it, that I can touch people with it, I will do it, no matter what its size. And if I think I can't do something with a part, I won't take it.''' ,'''I always say it's worth doing what you want to do, not letting people manipulate you. It's worth holding out. It's worth having pride.''' ,'''They did cast me as an ingenue once, and the novelty was nice. But I said, 'There is nothing here to play!' I really like getting into the meat of a role.''' ,]
+++