+++
author = "Shaun Alexander"
title = "Shaun Alexander Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Shaun Alexander Quotes"
keywords = "shaun alexander,shaun alexander quotes,shaun alexander quote,shaun alexander sayings,shaun alexander saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We don't just want to win the Super Bowl, we want to make a dynasty. I want to be a player who makes that a reality.''' ,'''I am ready. I'm in great shape. My workouts have been great. I'm ready to get back and help a team get to the Super Bowl.''' ,'''My favorite sports movies, I like 'Remember the Titans' and 'Hoosiers' Jimmy Chitwood, from the corner.''' ,'''Without bragging, I've been blessed to have five of the greatest statistical years for a running back.''' ,'''To be the highest-paid running back ever is quite an honor.''' ,'''I think when you're winning, your uniforms are cool.''' ,'''After the smoke clears, I think people will say, 'You know what? That Shaun Alexander, he did all right when he was here. I think there will be more smiles when the smoke clears.''' ,'''My two favorite movies are 'Coming to America' and 'Boomerang'.''' ,'''If I could have anybody I haven't had, I'd want to interview somebody like Jay-Z or Puff Daddy, pick their minds a little bit.''' ,'''The key thing with any football player is, what can he do when he gets on the field.''' ,'''One thing I've been doing since I was a little kid and that's score touchdowns so if somebody needs somebody to get in the red zone and do some work, I could probably still do that pretty well.''' ,'''You know when everyone's watching, your mom and dad, your friends in high school who thought they were better than you. You get your chance to get in the spotlight and shine.''' ,'''When you're on the road, there's no time for second chances and messing yourself up.''' ,'''I grew up loving Walter Payton. My dad used to always show us film of him.''' ,'''I think people will say, 'You know what? That Shaun Alexander, he did all right when he was here.''' ,'''I think there will be more smiles when the smoke clears.''' ,'''Everyone knows me and my wife's story. We didn't have sex until we got married.''' ,'''I told Clinton I want him to rush for 2,000 yards. And I want our team to go to the Super Bowl and win it. I've been there and not won it. It's really simple for me. You get stats, fame and fortune, but if you don't end up with the ring you're never satisfied.''' ,'''For me, you've got to play football first. We're not trying to be accountants. The money takes care of itself. That's kind of how I think anyway.''' ,'''I'm healthy and excited to play. And I think this year can be a big year for me if I get the opportunity. I can still play the game. I think I can help a team get to the Super Bowl.''' ,'''Time heals all wounds, unless you pick at them.''' ,'''If I could have one superpower, I'd want to have the power of mind over matter. I'd want to be able to move things and people with my mind.''' ,'''I always play every game like my back is against the wall, that this could be it.''' ,'''I think that it won't be long before a team calls that says, 'Just go do what you do'.''' ,'''Medicine's good for some people. Not for me.''' ,'''I am a better running back every time I step on the field. I try to get better each game, each summer, each season.''' ,'''Do I think I can take 20 carries now? Well, I think finally last week and this is week was probably the first time I could probably say, yeah, I could take 20 carries and go do some damage.''' ,'''We play a violent sport.''' ,]
+++