+++
author = "Frances Mayes"
title = "Frances Mayes Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Frances Mayes Quotes"
keywords = "frances mayes,frances mayes quotes,frances mayes quote,frances mayes sayings,frances mayes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was twelve, I started reading Eudora Welty, Thomas Wolfe, Flannery O'Connor, James Agee, and - do we dare breathe the name - William Faulkner.''' ,'''The Italians have their priorities right: They're driven, they do their work, but they really enjoy the day-to-day and they don't put off the enjoyment of the everyday for some future goal.''' ,'''I'm just fascinated by houses. In another life, I'd have probably trained as an architect. If I had enough money, I'd collect them like other people collect teapots. I don't know why I love them so much. I'm just very interested in the idea of a house as a metaphor for the way one lives.''' ,'''Living in a small Italian hilltown, and having lived in a small town in south Georgia, I understand that you can recognize a family gene pool by the lift of an eyebrow, or the length of a neck, or a way of walking.''' ,'''Venice, the most touristy place in the world, is still just completely magic to me.''' ,'''Going to Europe as a budding cook opened my eyes to food in a different way. When I got to Italy, the first thing I did was put my little basil plants in the ground and watch them turn into big, healthy bushes.''' ,'''I got the idea that to write books would be the best way to spend a life. I never thought of anything else that seemed like half as much fun, although in my next life I would like to be an architect, too, so I can have an easier time restoring houses.''' ,'''I find that other countries have this or this, but Italy is the only one that has it all for me. The culture, the cuisine, the people, the landscape, the history. Just everything to me comes together there.''' ,'''What has impressed me the most about the Italians whose tables we've sat at is that they are traditional cooks but also outrageously innovative. These people are wild improvisers.''' ,'''When my husband is away and I'm by myself, my neighbours will insist I eat with them every single night because they see it as unhealthy to eat by yourself.''' ,'''In America, people are just so straightforward when they dislike things.''' ,'''I loved every place I lived and traveled. London, Paris, Rome, Venice. I fell hard for Central America and Mexico. In each country, I had fantasies that I could live there.''' ,'''The longer you are in a place, the more you get under its layers.''' ,'''I think I went to Italy initially for the art, architecture, food and history, but I stayed there because of the people in Cortona.''' ,'''It's kind of amazing that people will travel because of a book. I admire that.''' ,'''If you've got a plot the size of a car or a tiny yard in Italy, you're going to be growing tomatoes and basil and celery and carrots, and everybody is still connected to the land.''' ,'''I was born and grew up in Fitzgerald, way down in south Georgia. It was a mill town and my family ran the cotton mill. My grandfather was mayor many times and my family felt deeply rooted to that spot.''' ,]
+++