+++
author = "Doyle Wolfgang Von Frankenstein"
title = "Doyle Wolfgang Von Frankenstein Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Doyle Wolfgang Von Frankenstein Quotes"
keywords = "doyle wolfgang von frankenstein,doyle wolfgang von frankenstein quotes,doyle wolfgang von frankenstein quote,doyle wolfgang von frankenstein sayings,doyle wolfgang von frankenstein saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My kid grew up with me being on the road.''' ,'''I pay for all my music.''' ,'''You have to be great to get Doyle's seal of approval.''' ,'''What scares me? Bears. And sharks. And my girlfriend.''' ,'''It costs so much money to make a record!''' ,'''I am in the hot sauce business.''' ,'''Jerry's my brother and Glenn is like my brother too. I've known Glenn since I was 11 years old. It's a good relationship and I get along with both of them.''' ,'''Watching monster movies as a kid, liking monsters, building monster models. TV shows like 'The Munsters,' 'Addams Family' and 'Twilight Zone.' It intrigued me. The music came from that.''' ,'''Yeah, you'd be surprised how many well known musicians have regular jobs. And yes, I'm a machinist. That's how I made my guitars - at a machine shop.''' ,'''I have kids. No more wives.''' ,'''My dad was a boxer, so he was in pretty good shape, and we had weights around.''' ,'''The thing that sucks the most about it is that everybody steals music. You spend thousands and thousands of dollars to make a record and all of these scumbags are just stealing it.''' ,'''I actually don't like slasher movies.''' ,'''My first influences for playing were Johnny Ramone and Jimmy Page, the same as everybody else. Joe Perry. The guys in Alice Cooper's band, whatever their names were. Mick Ronson from David Bowie. You know who really influenced me to write songs? Iron Maiden.''' ,'''I remember when John Carpenter made 'The Thing;' I saw that in the theater with the Necros. Both of our bands went and nobody said a word until it was over. That's the kind of thing I like.''' ,'''If I was making motorcycles and they came and took one, would that be a crime? Why can't we punish people for stealing songs? There should be a $10,000 fine for that.''' ,'''The only one I can play like is Johnny Ramone. I would love to be able to play like other great guitarists, but my mind doesn't work like that.''' ,'''I like to have my imagination get blown, like 'Aliens.'''' ,'''I'm a horrible musician, but I've been fortunate enough to play great songs.''' ,'''Needles. No needles for me, brother. I can't even watch when they get put into somebody else. I don't even get flu shots, none at all.''' ,'''I love music, man.''' ,'''Don't ask questions you don't want the answers to. It's just common sense that I learned the hard way - I keep touching the fire. I'll touch it even though you told me it's hot, even though it's burned me before.''' ,]
+++