+++
author = "Abbey Lee Kershaw"
title = "Abbey Lee Kershaw Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Abbey Lee Kershaw Quotes"
keywords = "abbey lee kershaw,abbey lee kershaw quotes,abbey lee kershaw quote,abbey lee kershaw sayings,abbey lee kershaw saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The European girls, like the Russians, tend to stick together, but there's never any rivalry. Sometimes there's a little bit of tension with the older girls because they might feel a little threatened by the younger models, but it's not between personalities.''' ,'''The chi of a room is important to me. If I walk into a hotel room and it doesn't feel right, I ask to change.''' ,'''I see potential in everything. It's about opening your mind to what you can do to the garment: because they're cheap, you can cut them or stitch them, and if you stuff it up, it's fine - it's only two dollars.''' ,'''It's quite rare that you find models taken care of backstage.''' ,'''I try to do things that make me feel good. I go to yoga classes, drink a lot of water, eat healthily and keep things like alcohol and coffee to weekends. I don't overdo anything.''' ,'''I like my hands. They do most of the talking.''' ,'''My favourite outfit was this black lace dress that I found in a vintage shop in Williamsburg, New York.''' ,'''In the end, to do a good accent, you just have to be a good listener.''' ,'''New York is such a versatile city, and there's always something new to discover.''' ,'''It's because I have no sense of shame that I'm always willing to give things a go: I've ridden horses naked into the sea, I've climbed rocks, all kinds of things.''' ,'''I'm aiming to do what I need to do for acting and nothing more. I'm bowing down to acting.''' ,'''Let's just say, if I weren't a model, I'd be a walking collage. I see my body as a blank canvas that's aching to be decorated; I find it all very fascinating.''' ,'''A lizard is a perfect pet for a model. They only need feeding once a fortnight. And I'm always travelling, so it's perfect. If I had a dog, it would drop dead of starvation.''' ,'''I was always in hospital as a kid: I had a tumour on my knee, lots of broken bones. I loved climbing trees.''' ,'''I don't get sick much because in the U.S. I always eat with my fingers, you know, to get used to the bacteria.''' ,]
+++