+++
author = "Jeffrey Donovan"
title = "Jeffrey Donovan Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Jeffrey Donovan Quotes"
keywords = "jeffrey donovan,jeffrey donovan quotes,jeffrey donovan quote,jeffrey donovan sayings,jeffrey donovan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's not much out there that people are fighting for that leaves them with nothing but honor.''' ,'''What would surprise a lot of people about me... I'm a gardener! I have a green thumb. I really like to get into the shrubs, the bushes, and really cultivate.''' ,'''I am always outside and couldn't care less about what's on TV these days.''' ,'''Believe it or not, I don't own a TV. Crazy huh? I'm not a big movie-goer either. I just feel like I'm watching work. I am always outside and couldn't care less about what's on TV these days.''' ,'''As much as they'll let me I do my own stunts and I do all my own fighting.''' ,'''I'm very shy in real life; I can't really hit on girls.''' ,'''I could never say I'm going to do bigger and better things because that would negate what I've already accomplished, and I don't want to do that.''' ,'''The most fun I've had on 'Burn Notice,' I think it would have to be working with China Chow and Lucy Lawless.''' ,'''I actually do my own renovations. I designed and built a 100-foot split-cedar rail fence to enclose my property. It was one of the hardest things I've ever done. Don't recommend doing it alone. I also built a 100-square-foot back porch. Again, don't recommend doing it alone.''' ,'''I don't think an actor's job is to be recognized. I think an actor's job is to facilitate the writing in a way that changes the way people think. No other business does that.''' ,'''We had to make ends meet. My parents were divorced, so my father wasn't really in my life. We grew up like most kids, just wanting things.''' ,'''If someone grabbed me, I'd probably be able to choke them out in about eight seconds.''' ,'''I have a green thumb. I really like to get into the shrubs, the bushes, and really cultivate.''' ,'''I'm not a big movie-goer. I just feel like I'm watching work.''' ,'''There was no theater program or anything where I'm from. So junior year in high school I started the theater program.''' ,'''Encouragement from my high school teacher Patty Hart said 'you need to focus and theater might be your route out of here.' I created the program, went to college and graduate school and now here I am.''' ,'''My mom raised us three boys by herself on welfare. It's not worse than anybody else's life.''' ,'''I have a hands-off policy when it comes to my larynx.''' ,'''I've always wanted to do theater in Chicago. Chicago is a big theater town-and, in some ways, I think this city is savvier and smarter than New York. Sometimes, I think it's a little too chic to go to theater in New York these days.''' ,]
+++