+++
author = "Darren L Johnson"
title = "Darren L Johnson Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Darren L Johnson Quotes"
keywords = "darren l johnson,darren l johnson quotes,darren l johnson quote,darren l johnson sayings,darren l johnson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Based on my pool of coached clients, 90% of the challenges for business owners exist in a lack of personal development.''' ,'''For business owners, there are many important documents to learn to read. One of the most important is the profit and loss statement, known as the P&L, and the balance sheet.''' ,'''The biggest potential of Facebook is that people can build networks. For business persons, it means that they can build their list of leads, which they can look upon as prospects for furthering their business.''' ,'''Don't allow old traditions to become permanent mental scripts for managing your life in the present. Reason: you will not be able to transform yourself to think differently and be better as you grow with age and maturity.''' ,'''Read over your existing business plan like you read the menu at your favorite restaurant.''' ,'''The Profit and Loss Statement tells you a lot about how your business is doing. It can also help you to determine ways that you can go about saving money so that you get to bring more money home! Basically, the P&L statement measures all of your income sources verses all your business expenses for any given period of time.''' ,'''Goals do not get stored in your voice message or email bin. They are not going to reach out from the world wide web and remind you they exist. As a result, our goals do not get the respect they deserve.''' ,'''Believe it or not, the biggest obstacle for a business owner with any size business is the internal response to the question - 'Now what?' Often this question is followed by a - deer in the headlights - response, which is then followed by stagnation. Following stagnation comes fear.''' ,]
+++