+++
author = "Steven Michael Quezada"
title = "Steven Michael Quezada Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Steven Michael Quezada Quotes"
keywords = "steven michael quezada,steven michael quezada quotes,steven michael quezada quote,steven michael quezada sayings,steven michael quezada saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's hard for a comic to be joking when your lines can't be funny.''' ,'''Albuquerque is my home. I want my kids and all of our children to be able to go to any public or charter school and receive an excellent education.''' ,'''The good news about New Mexico is we bring a lot of movies, a lot of television series out here, so I'm hoping I continue to work out here in New Mexico along with being part of my community.''' ,'''We've taken some performing arts schools on the set of 'Breaking Bad.'''' ,'''You gotta understand, there weren't a whole lot of roles for Hispanics in the Eighties, so comedy was really the way I could really feed myself and eventually feed my family. I was an actor who learned to be a comic, and it's cool to come back and get back into acting - move forward in the direction I started out to do in the beginning.''' ,'''No. I didn't look at the last few scripts. I didn't want to read them because I'm a 'Breaking Bad' fan. I wanted to experience it with everyone.''' ,'''Why are we casting all these stand-up comedians to do 'Breaking Bad,' one of the most dramatic TV shows ever?''' ,'''Gomez is a by-the-book cop. He's the only character not to break bad.''' ,'''My concern for education in New Mexico has always been there. I'm one of those kids that struggled through school, and I feel like I fell through the cracks.''' ,'''It's funny: There's a lot of comics on 'Breaking Bad.'''' ,'''I've been doing a late-night talk show out here in New Mexico now, 'The After After Party.' We're going to finalize a deal to be in 50 million homes. How blessed can I be, man?''' ,'''We have to remind people how important arts are. People just don't see it.''' ,'''I started writing my own plays, and I would sell out, but after everything was said and done, I'd break even. That's being successful.''' ,'''It's really tough to be a Mexican on 'Breaking Bad.'''' ,'''I'm a big 'Breaking Bad' fan - if I'm not in the script, I like to experience the show with the rest of the world. I'm ready to be shocked.''' ,'''The desert is cold early in the morning. Laying down on that sand is like laying on a block of ice.''' ,'''I spent 25 years as a stand-up comedian.''' ,]
+++