+++
author = "Georgia May Jagger"
title = "Georgia May Jagger Quotes"
quotes_len = "64"
description = "the best 64 Georgia May Jagger Quotes"
keywords = "georgia may jagger,georgia may jagger quotes,georgia may jagger quote,georgia may jagger sayings,georgia may jagger saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I really never thought about the way I looked until boys came into the picture.''' ,'''I think music influences fashion and has done so for generations.''' ,'''I'm quite dyslexic in school. My dad let me figure out what I wanted to do on my own. My parents never really lecture me.''' ,'''My friends call me 'George,' 'GM,' or 'Georgia.' But most people who know me from when I was little call me 'Georgia May.'''' ,'''I have a coconut oil stick, which I use for everything - on my eye lids to make them shinier, on my lips, and on any dry skin.''' ,'''I am not about fringing, cow girl boots, that kind of Coachella vibe. I just wear something comfortable.''' ,'''I think when your parents are as rebellious as mine were, it's difficult to top them. So what's the point?''' ,'''Even when my parents were together, they both had to travel and work, and it wasn't like they had nine-to-five jobs. In that way, it wasn't a normal family life.''' ,'''I think if everyone looked the same, it would be a bit boring.''' ,'''My dad has more sparkly stuff than most men.''' ,'''I'd love to do a fashion label in the future. I've been thinking a lot recently about maybe making a line of little dresses, so maybe one day.''' ,'''My dad let me figure out what I wanted to do on my own.''' ,'''I want to be an entrepreneur too; I like the business side of things. When I was younger I wanted to be a vet or a tightrope walker. But I have no sense of balance and I can't bear animals dying, so I abandoned both ideas.''' ,'''My Mum always says to have fun; remember that fashion is about fun, and that is the most important thing because sometimes, people take it very seriously. Great advice to remember!''' ,'''I always see those jeans with the stretchy front on pregnant women, and they look like the dreamiest thing ever.''' ,'''I do have bad hair days. If I fall asleep with it slightly damp, I wake up and it'll all be piled up on top in a mess.''' ,'''I would like to do all kinds of things: photography and art and designing; I want to help do charity things for animals and things like that.''' ,'''I actually really love the Kate Moss Rimmel lipsticks. Sometimes I get afraid of different colours. I want to try a bright pink, but I don't want to look tacky!''' ,'''My collection has a whole new cut; they are based on the style of jeans my mum wore in Texas in the '70s.''' ,'''Roberto Cavalli is a great designer. The Just Cavalli brand is very sexy, young and cool. Each collection is very contemporary and colourful; it is clearly for the younger generation who wants to have a trendy look. It's the first fragrance that I have ever done, so it's a huge honour!''' ,'''When I was about 12 and first started wearing lipstick, my dad would ask, 'Are you wearing makeup?' I would say back, 'You're wearing more makeup there than I am!'''' ,'''I have to exfoliate my lips as they're quite a large surface area and sometimes when I wear lipstick, it goes all cakey. So I mix brown sugar with lip balm and just scrub it onto them.''' ,'''Basically, my hair is very dry from all the backcombing! Hairdressers prefer if your hair is dry and damaged, as it makes it easier to style.''' ,'''I like the fact that I have good old-fashioned British teeth with a big gap.''' ,'''Cavalli is all about being a strong woman - being sexy and powerful. Which is how we'd like to feel, all of the time! The clothes are very strong and sexy - quite Amazonian. And you feel like that yourself when you're wearing the clothes.''' ,'''I eat three meals a day and three juices a day.''' ,'''Modeling is always something I've really admired because I've seen my mum and sister do it.''' ,'''I used to have a pony but I outgrew it and I do dream that one day I will live in the country and have lots of horses and be like a proper English lady who goes hunting and everything.''' ,'''I didn't want to miss out on my education to model. I can't do just modeling.''' ,'''My parents never really lecture me.''' ,'''Fashion is about fun, you know, and I think a lot of people forget that sometimes.''' ,'''I'm like a middle-aged person; when my friends go on about modern bands, I don't know what they are talking about. I'm into rock n' roll, like Jimi Hendrix. Not so much because of my parents, who used to play a lot of Nina Simone and older blues, but my brother and sister.''' ,'''My dad's supportive of all my endeavors.''' ,'''Material Girl is about having your own personal style, and my personal style reflects the brand's aesthetic.''' ,'''I model jeans. You need a bum for those.''' ,'''I think all the stuff that happens before the pictures are taken is much more exciting.''' ,'''I really like Tracie Martyn beauty products for skin care. Take off your makeup before you go to sleep. Sometimes I forget, and it is always horrible when you wake up.''' ,'''My dad's not a very intimidating father figure.''' ,'''I wouldn't even have braces on my teeth. I think they are horrible and this idea that everyone should conform and be perfect is ridiculous.''' ,'''Who wants those gleaming white cosmetically enhanced American teeth?''' ,'''I wear high heels for long legs.''' ,'''When you're young, no one cares who your parents are, although Mum would arrive to pick me up in her full hair and make-up and fur, and I used to say, 'Can't you just dress normally, like all the other mums?' I wanted her to blend in more, but I've always been really proud of Mum - as proud as she is of me.''' ,'''When I went on tour with my father, I knew he was a musician. But they were my parents. I still think of my mum as being kind of a dork - a cooler one, but still a dork.''' ,'''I would love to do my own line of clothes - something small.''' ,'''Drink lots of water, get lots of sleep, and take vitamin C!''' ,'''My problem is that I always find jeans that are either high-waisted or low-rise, but nothing in between, like they used to be in the eighties and early nineties. That's actually the most flattering cut.''' ,'''I'm very interested in music, but I was not born musical. I honestly do think some people have the knack. I can't play an instrument. I'm a terrible singer. I'm not about to launch my album!''' ,'''I'm interested in every aspect of fashion. I think it's in my bones. When I was younger I used to be my mum's stylist, picking things out for her to wear. I'd say to her, 'If anybody asks you who styled you tonight say, 'Georgia.'''' ,'''I still think of my mum as being kind of a dork - a cooler one, but still a dork.''' ,'''I like to do a face steam, so, heat up a flannel, press it onto your face and then press a cold one on afterwards to close the pores. It's inexpensive!''' ,'''We have a snap of my dad wearing blue eye shadow, which I would always make fun of. When I was about 12 and first started wearing lipstick, my dad would ask, 'Are you wearing makeup?' I would say back, 'You're wearing more makeup there than I am!'''' ,'''Just Cavalli for Her is a flowery and sexy fragrance. I like its freshness and feminine scent.''' ,'''I really like doing portraits, but I like taking pictures of things that are natural, like scenery, too.''' ,'''When I was younger, I wanted to be a vet or a tightrope walker. But I have no sense of balance, and I can't bear animals dying, so I abandoned both ideas.''' ,'''I preferred MTV as it used to be when it was about the music - I don't like it that now they just have reality shows. Reality TV rots people's brains.''' ,'''Round, cat-eye frames, wayfarers, and aviators are my go-tos.''' ,'''Reality TV rots people's brains.''' ,'''My dad was fine about me doing modelling at 16 because I always said school was important to me. I always chose my jobs carefully so I wouldn't have to take too much time off. It got harder toward the end with my A-levels; there were sleepless nights, and I was doing my homework on the plane coming home, but I pulled through.''' ,'''My mum taught me a lot about fashion in terms of knowing what looks good on you and developing my own sense of style. Even when we were shooting the Sunglass Hut campaign, we went through racks of clothing together, and ultimately I decided on a short, more fitted peplum dress, while Mum opted for a sexy blazer and black leggings.''' ,'''Music creates a certain mood and then people dress accordingly. I think it's all quite closely intertwined.''' ,'''My mum is actually really wholesome.''' ,'''I love to shop vintage clothes; in London, I usually go to Relic and Alfie's Market. I usually brunch around London Bridge, where I live.''' ,'''I think my gap adds character. A while ago, on the street, a guy yelled, 'You could stick a gold through your front teeth!' Which meant I could put a £1 coin between them. But you can't. I've tried! Fifty-pence coins and 2-pence coins, yes. But not a pound.''' ,'''Fake tan is really difficult to get right. When I was younger, I'd always do it wrong. I'd leave it on and forget to wash it off. So I embrace being pale. I like getting a tan, but I also think that if you're going to do it, it has to be gradual. I just work the pale thing now.''' ,]
+++