+++
author = "Bill Ward"
title = "Bill Ward Quotes"
quotes_len = "97"
description = "the best 97 Bill Ward Quotes"
keywords = "bill ward,bill ward quotes,bill ward quote,bill ward sayings,bill ward saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I had the heart attack, it was pretty depressing. I was really angry. I just couldn't find anything to feel good about.''' ,'''I don't think previously strong relationships can remain strong after dispute by just sweeping the offensive stuff under the carpet, or by saying a puny sorry, or 'oh, that's all over now.' It doesn't work like that for me.''' ,'''The great thing about being a great band is that it takes risks.''' ,'''Metallica's 'black' album, when I heard that and I heard Lars' playing, and I just was, like, you know, 'Wow! Something really neat's been accomplished here.'''' ,'''I love ghosts - I'm a ghost person and have been most of my life.''' ,'''Childhood, all me influences were, say, between the time that I can remember, which would have been about three years old to the time that I was about five or six years old, all the music that I ever heard was jazz and it was American jazz, and it was big-band jazz, to be more defined.''' ,'''I'm so loyal to Black Sabbath, and I would never, ever, ever, under any circumstances, go into a situation with them under false pretenses.''' ,'''You can't play a backbeat in Black Sabbath. You can if you want to; it's going to ruin the song.''' ,'''I like jazz in all the ways that it is played.''' ,'''I'm hoping I can get in a position where I'm self-supporting from my own work.''' ,'''Black Sabbath has always been noncompliant.''' ,'''I am honest about who I am, where I am and what I think.''' ,'''I think everything that I've ever played has somehow trickled down from Gene Krupa.''' ,'''I don't want to do death any more. I don't want to do doom and gloom. I want to do life and love.''' ,'''For our many Sabbath fans, I love you all dearly. You are extremely special people.''' ,'''When I listen to our first album now, I can hear the purity of the oneness of leaving all earthly things aside to come together and create something. It's quite marvelous.''' ,'''When I think about the lyrics to 'The Wizard,' some people could probably feel that they're laughable. But they actually meant something for us, and we were bold or brave enough to show ourselves from the inside out.''' ,'''In the Sabs we had to remain in this depressing, unreal world. I didn't like all the devilish boohoo that went with it, to tell you the truth. There was manipulation from outside sources that preferred us to be a certain way. Acting up to that, I felt quite dishonest.''' ,'''I... remember taking all kinds of risks and at the time being oblivious to danger and really thinking back then how I could really do anything that I wanted.''' ,'''I heard about twenty, twenty-four bars of one track - one track - on '13,' and I listened to it, and I just didn't like it at all; I just didn't like it. And I have that right not to like it.''' ,'''Everything I write tends to come from my own personal experiences, or from people close to me that I'm singing about.''' ,'''Since my early childhood, I've played drums in visuals as well as sound.''' ,'''I really enjoyed playing drums on 'Born Again.' It was a good feeling about being alive. There was a good energy there about being sober.''' ,'''I don't tend to be current with anything. I just write the music and allow it to just be whatever it is.''' ,'''When I think about Oz, when he was a teenager, I'm just reminded of what an excellent blues voice he had. He had a large voice. When we did the Aynsley Dunbar song 'Warning' and 'Black Sabbath,' his voice is so right. It's really round, and it has that pain from within in his voice.''' ,'''I'm a visionary drummer and I have been for a long, long, long time.''' ,'''When we did 'Air Dance,' I thought we were actually quite courageous doing that because it's not necessarily quote-unquote a Black Sabbath song. But I don't give a damn about that because it is part of Black Sabbath; it is a Black Sabbath song.''' ,'''It's really important that we communally share what's going on with each other... Otherwise, we're going to be walking around in a very sorrowful place.''' ,'''I like jamming to rap.''' ,'''I would never, ever, ever commit to taking on any type of live commitment, or studio commitment, if I knew there was something going on inside of me which could stop me from doing it.''' ,'''Those chords on 'You Won't Change Me' are huge.''' ,'''It's that mindset we have where we think we are indestructible. I know at least I went through that phase, where everything was excessive! Like if I drove a fast car I'd just have to take it to 130 miles per hour or more, you know!''' ,'''Try not to be alone with your own pain. Try to find someone you can trust your pain with.''' ,'''One of the things I loved about Black Sabbath was, when we were on the road, there were times we had been on the road for so long and we were tired and we were exhausted. We would show up at gigs and we were so tired that we would be fast asleep in the dressing room. Our road manager would come in and say, '20 minutes, guys.'''' ,'''I wanna play hard rock. I wanna play loud drums.''' ,'''I have been blessed with musical visions and the ability to harness them.''' ,'''One thing I can confirm is whenever I listen to 'Laguna Sunrise,' it sounds exactly like Laguna Beach. There's something about it.''' ,'''I don't feel I'm taking the moral high ground, telling people to stop eating animals because I've done it. It just works for me.''' ,'''I have no choice but to be transparent. I have to be, in order for me to live.''' ,'''I think that drummers have come a long way, but they haven't forgotten players like Gene Krupa, or the other jazz players.''' ,'''I had a lot of teachers. When I think about my upbringing I feel like the most fortunate person. It was a marvellous era for drummers.''' ,'''I'm playing jazz throughout the song 'Black Sabbath.' That's what it is there. I mean, I'm moving some other things around, but that is forever in there.''' ,'''I get to play what I'm feeling on my solo records, and I get to bang the hell out of a drum kit in Black Sabbath.''' ,'''Sweet Leaf' and 'Iron Man' were the rallying points for all the young men coming back from Vietnam.''' ,'''All the things that we had initiated in the first few albums still existed on 'Technical Ecstasy.' The band had not lost any of its vitality.''' ,'''I'm so-so on the blastbeat. A couple of my mates play that style. I'm not a huge fan, no - and the only reason for that is because it distracts me from other elements of the dynamics. It's a little overpowering!''' ,'''When I write, there's always an image, sometimes a color attached to what's being created.''' ,'''I have an open mind, and I try to be critical of none of the bands, even if something's not to my personal taste. After all, somebody worked really hard on that music.''' ,'''I found very early on that I lacked the ability to be able to play as a timekeeper. I have a really tough time even thinking in those terms.''' ,'''I just was attracted to just wanting to make noise on different things.''' ,'''When I write, there's always an image, sometimes a color attached to what's being created. I am delighted with the captured expressions - from my head and my heart. Their arrival onto canvas is beautiful.''' ,'''I admired punk because I came from a violent band as well. Especially in the first four or five years, we were very aggressive when we played live.''' ,'''Ultimately, I'd say a lot of my vocal influences are jazz-based, people like Ella Fitzgerald, or Fred Astaire.''' ,'''I write all the time. Some of them are very personalized things. Some of them are sarcastic looks at life.''' ,'''Even our early audiences were very polite. It felt like playing in our living room. I remember the audiences changing in front of me. I remember that distinctly. The way they wore their clothes became different. We got a lot of leather jackets with studs. People's hair changed. The whole look was just a sublime move.''' ,'''If you want to strive toward something, just listen to John Bonham.''' ,'''Every day, I write. I have a writing period - it's usually in the morning - or I'm writing songs.''' ,'''I write poems.''' ,'''I based my tuning on Gene Krupa, Buddy and Joe Morello. I knew how I wanted the drums to sound and we did the best we could with a beat up Ludwig kit. I spent a lot of time around drummers learning how to get sound. I knew the sound I was after and what would work for what we were playing.''' ,'''Things haven't always worked out how I want them to, but the eventuality of being honest is a daily gift.''' ,'''Once I started to get some of the things I'd always craved, I still found myself incredibly unhappy. It was never enough. A lot of that stems from being real, real insecure, wanting more and hoping that will fix the insecurity.''' ,'''I don't play beats. I hate playing beats. I'm an orchestration drummer. I'm a musical drummer.''' ,'''I don't have a problem with letting go of an album once I know I've pretty much done the best that I can.''' ,'''In September 2012, I got the blues pretty bad, so I stopped playing for a little while. I started to renew my playing by the time February of 2013 came around. I would go up and rehearse to different songs, play stuff like Count Basie records, jazz or rap.''' ,'''We never made music to fit into anything or to reach a certain audience.''' ,'''Being able to tell the truth is a gift.''' ,'''If you believe in a higher power or if you believe in God, then I would suggest that you go to God and see if you can find some solutions. If you don't believe in God, then try to be as honest with yourself as you possibly can... When I've chosen the light of God or self-honesty, my own misery has brought me to a solution.''' ,'''It's hard to be a hungry young man when you're not hungry anymore. We were very hungry young men when we wrote 'Black Sabbath' and when we wrote 'War Pigs.'''' ,'''I don't know about all this 'speed metal' and everything... It's all metal to me.''' ,'''I made the decision back in 1984 to never play with Black Sabbath unless it was the original line-up. And I stuck to it for quite a long time. A lot of that was about honoring Ozzy.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of DevilDriver and I have been since they first started.''' ,'''When you love somebody, and they start saying things that are not true and really hurt, you have to remove the love.''' ,'''Every year when I get my health checks they come out better and better.''' ,'''I don't like misleading people, and I like to be honest and transparent.''' ,'''When I'm working on new ideas, musically much of what's played is guided by a visual appearance or shape.''' ,'''I love the 'Black Album' because I think it was the beginning of something, primarily. I'd met Metallica, and I'd heard Metallica before that, but when I heard the 'Black Album,' I actually had a response rather like I did with 'Sgt. Pepper.'''' ,'''As far as I'm concerned, the book's never closed with Sabbath!''' ,'''One of the biggest struggles I've had is being me.''' ,'''I don't want to ride on Sabbath's coattails in order to encourage my own opportunities.''' ,'''Sweet Leaf' is a very aggressive song when we do it live.''' ,'''I've often said that with Black Sabbath you ought to have put a lasso around the sound and pulled it in. That's the best way to record Black Sabbath.''' ,'''I always like to write something that will paint a cynical picture, but provide hope at the same time; I like to do that with my writing, even in the worst of times.''' ,'''I actually like a lot of Motorhead records.''' ,'''As far as drummers are concerned, when I was a child growing up I was really attracted to artists like Gene Kupra and Louis Bellson and Buddy Rich; a lot of the drummers that played in the popular big bands of the '40s. I would listen to their records.''' ,'''Touring is completely different to me than being in the studio.''' ,'''I can't afford to have resentment. I can't afford to be angry. I can't afford these things spiritually or physically.''' ,'''In the recovery of my life, I've been taught to be more accountable. Sometimes I fail miserably, but I try every day to be accountable: as a musician, to my wife, to my children, as a father, as a human being.''' ,'''Black Sabbath questioned a lot of things.''' ,'''Gene Hoglan is one of my friends, and when I watch him play, I'm blown away; I can't believe what his body can do.''' ,'''Without the jazz influence, the Black Sabbath drumming would be very different.''' ,'''I play like Bill, I can't play like anybody else!''' ,'''The way I play the drums, it's becoming tougher as I get older.''' ,'''Regardless of injuries, we would get onstage, and as soon as we were up there it was like, bam! You were hit with an incredible force. The band came alive on stage like someone had switched us on.''' ,'''If there's some longevity with Black Sabbath, then I'd like to be a part of it.''' ,'''I love Black Sabbath's music.''' ,'''Let's get rid of the myth that I'm rich.''' ,'''I got so lonely in 2012 and I wasn't playing drums. I thought I would just form my own band and play drums again. I think it was 2013 that we started looking for two other people and formed Day of Errors.''' ,]
+++