+++
author = "John Daly"
title = "John Daly Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 John Daly Quotes"
keywords = "john daly,john daly quotes,john daly quote,john daly sayings,john daly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've screwed up a lot, but I've always admitted it.''' ,'''I've always said throwing a club shows you care.''' ,'''It sucks getting old.''' ,'''I have osteoarthritis so bad... I can walk up a hill; I just can't walk down one.''' ,'''Kid Rock is a hell of an athlete.''' ,'''I look at the PGA, and it was like winning the lottery.''' ,'''I think people relate to me because of the ups and downs I have had. I mean, I've shared a lot of strong emotions in my life, that I think maybe 'cause they believe I'm not scared to tell everybody I'm a human being.''' ,'''I've always said that I play for the fans.''' ,'''I wanna have more majors than Jack Nicklaus.''' ,'''Money is just paper that gets us through life.''' ,'''Patrick Reed has become a hell of a player.''' ,'''I can sit here and hit all the balls and chip and putt all day long, but if you're not playing competitive golf... there's nothing better than competitive golf.''' ,'''Golf is my passion, and so is great barbecue.''' ,'''It's amazing what a little money can do when it's spent on the right reason.''' ,'''I was a basket case, you know? When I got mad, I threw clubs, you know? And if things weren't going well, I would walk off a course. I think I lost a little bit of respect, but hopefully I've gained that back.''' ,'''I hate a mess.''' ,'''My life is to play golf, sit home with the wife and kids, and do things with the family more than I used to.''' ,'''I'm an OCD neat freak. I can't stand messes. I make my bed every morning. Laundry. I do it all.''' ,'''I'm a kind of go-getter.''' ,'''I've been honest with a lot of the problems I've had in life. Everybody has problems. They can relate to that.''' ,'''I feel like I'm the Babe Ruth of golf.''' ,'''Golf is day-to-day. It's shot to shot; it's not four days at a time.''' ,'''I'm not a big gambler anymore. I like to do it. I enjoy it instead of trying to make money off of it, because I realized you can't make money gambling.''' ,'''The greatest thing for me is when someone comes up and says, 'My son started playing golf because of you,' or, 'I started playing golf because of you,' and all that.''' ,'''It seems there always something coming up for me during Masters week, but that's not an excuse to play good or bad golf.''' ,'''There's a time in everybody's life they really don't want to talk to people: they want to get away from talking or being on the phone and stuff.''' ,'''I think my worst enemy is me.''' ,'''I've had it with the USGA and the way they run their tournaments. The USGA loves to embarrass guys who play in their tournaments.''' ,'''I need to play three or four weeks to get into a rhythm. I'm not like Tiger. I can't play one week and win.''' ,'''The thing I love about Donald, it's time this country is run by a businessman and not people with their hands out, and Donald doesn't have his hands out. I not only consider him as a friend, but if people get to know Donald Trump, I think they'll know what I'm talking about. He's one of the greatest human beings I've ever met in my life.''' ,'''In '92 I got my first coach and had it for two, three years. My wife hated it.''' ,'''I'd like my first Ryder Cup appearance to be in the United States.''' ,'''Florida sends me a handicap sticker when I'm there. It's embarrassing. But I can't walk more than six holes before the whole knee swells up, and then I can't go anymore.''' ,'''I was young and dumb back in the '90s, but I had a lot of fun.''' ,'''I can't stand to work out. I can't stand to do a sit up; you know, I can't stand to run.''' ,'''I know I'm not the only guy that's had problems in life. And it seems to me that a lot of athletes shy away from talking about things that may have happened to them or their families.''' ,'''I wasn't a silver-spoon kid on the golf course growing up.''' ,'''My knee is screwed. I had the meniscus cut out.''' ,'''I'm a guy who's either going to go full bore, or I'm not going to do it at all.''' ,'''I learned through the 'Jack Nicklaus Lesson Tee,' the cartoon. Back then, it was 1970 or '69 when it came out. Learned the grip that way and everything in the cartoon... So that's kind of how it all started for me.''' ,'''I think what I realized is that I can't believe I made it to 50 years old.''' ,'''I don't want to be average.''' ,'''My father gave me some Jack Nicklaus MacGregor clubs when I was six years old. He cut down some of the shafts, but they were men's clubs, so they were heavy.''' ,'''I don't like watching golf on TV. I'd rather play.''' ,'''I'm not a religious person. I have a one-on-one relationship with God, but I don't go to church like I should.''' ,'''I try to think of myself as a lion, bringing down the kill, controlling the jungle. A lion controls his jungle.''' ,'''I know there's a lot of guys would love to see me fail.''' ,'''I hate getting haircuts. It's like going to the damn dentist, man.''' ,'''The fans have always helped me get through good things and bad things on and off the golf course.''' ,'''I'm the luckiest human being that ever walked.''' ,'''I was always the one asking everybody else if they were O.K. I never talked about my problems. I didn't want to admit I had problems. I just let 'em build up. I didn't want anybody to know I was hurtin'.''' ,'''Life is full of challenges and surprises, and I've had my share.''' ,'''Perception's not reality.''' ,'''We weren't the kind of family that talked about our problems. We were a close family, in a kind of faraway way. It wasn't a being-with-each-other kind of close. We all went our own ways.''' ,'''It's a lot easier knowing you can't do something than knowing you shouldn't.''' ,'''Watch out for guys like Scott Piercy and Danny Willett. They both play really good on fast, fast greens.''' ,'''I don't mind hitting the ball bad, but when I feel like I've hit the ball pretty good for four days and shoot an 81, it's not golf.''' ,'''I've always been a quick putter, so I should never get the yips. But I got 'em. I got 'em bad.''' ,'''I guess when we get older, we try so hard to get our game back. Sometimes it happens, and sometimes it doesn't.''' ,'''It's nice to finally be my own person.''' ,'''My dad being not the greatest dad in the world has made me a better parent.''' ,'''I'm not scared of Tiger. I'm not scared to go head-to-head. I'm not scared to have a long-drive contest with him.''' ,'''I've always been a good ball-striker, but if you're not a great putter, you're not going to win a lot.''' ,'''Pretty much my whole career, I have been aggressive. I have always been a guy that goes at pins. That's kind of the way I've been all my career, and I don't know, really, if I can change.''' ,'''Anybody who knows me... when I'm tired, I sleep with my eyes open.''' ,'''In life, you have got to make the best of every situation; you have to keep going.''' ,'''I can't dwell on the past, that I haven't won a lot, but anytime I didn't play good was mainly because I didn't putt very good.''' ,'''I still wake up every day, so I'm winning.''' ,'''I like to have this gut to put my elbow on it when I putt because I did it for so long. I just feel healthier this way.''' ,'''I've known Donald forever, and I know the bad things they say about Donald Trump is not true because I've known him as a friend for so long. I've seen what he's done for all types of people. I know how many people call him a racist and all this, and it just makes me sick because he's not.''' ,'''I love the fans here in Australia.''' ,'''I'm really good at math and history, but I suck in English.''' ,'''I'm about a 20-handicapper with a guitar. I can only play three songs on my own album. I did the lyrics, not the music.''' ,'''I'm happy being around my family.''' ,'''You can be addicted to meat, as far as I'm concerned. Why else would I eat six cheeseburgers a day?''' ,'''I don't hide anything. There's just nothing to hide with me.''' ,'''Osteoarthritis is a tough thing, brother. If my knee was broke, I would have had it fixed. But my situation is totally different. It's painful as hell is all I can say.''' ,'''I've tried to lose weight two or three times, and every time, my golf game was horrible.''' ,'''I live a boring life, but it's perfect for me.''' ,'''I've always said that it's none of my business what other people think of me.''' ,'''Everybody fights demons. Some are worse than others.''' ,'''I love the European tour. I always have. But my home is the United States. That's where I would rather play.''' ,'''I just don't enjoy poker that much.''' ,'''I make a lot of bogeys and a lot of birdies.''' ,'''A bad day on the course doesn't have to mean a bad night and a bad week and you get to scream at your agent.''' ,'''The U.S. Open is not John Daly's style of golf.''' ,'''You need 100 percent concentration on golf to succeed.''' ,'''A lot of people would love my career. I'm not satisfied with it.''' ,'''I've had surgery on my knee and both feet and my elbow.''' ,'''I'm a fighter. I'm a survivor, and I'll get through anything people can throw at me.''' ,'''In my life, I've seen everything, and one thing I know for sure is you can't win in the federal court. You're going against the government of the United States. You don't beat a federal court, a federal judge, and the FBI - there's no way.''' ,'''I'm not the most religous person in the world, but I think the good Lord up there has blessed me.''' ,'''I wasted a lot of my talent in the '90s because the money was so big, and I was making so much money, I didn't care to practise as much. That is my only regret.''' ,'''It's hard for me not to play on the West Coast. I love it out there.''' ,'''It just seems like the Democrats always have a problem when a Republican gets in office.''' ,'''Coming down the 18th, your heart's pounding, and the hair is sticking straight up on your arms - there's no feeling like it.''' ,'''I never had any alcohol on the golf course that I remember, except for one time, and that was the L.A. Open.''' ,'''I've had enough of worrying about everybody else. Now I'm taking care of me.''' ,'''If I go gambling the slots, some of my friends will come with me and play along with me. It's not like I'm starting out with $500 a pull or $1,000 a pull. I go in there and play $25, and if I win, I play $100s.''' ,'''I guess you can say I always liked to take chances. Sometimes it works out. Sometimes it doesn't.''' ,]
+++