+++
author = "Carmen Electra"
title = "Carmen Electra Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Carmen Electra Quotes"
keywords = "carmen electra,carmen electra quotes,carmen electra quote,carmen electra sayings,carmen electra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've chosen jobs that were sexy because I wanted to do them.''' ,'''I love kids. I just love kids. They put you in a good mood and they are so full of life.''' ,'''I'm very romantic.''' ,'''I guess I've always been attracted to people who stand out as individuals - people who are adventurous and take chances.''' ,'''I love a man who has lived a full life and lived on the edge.''' ,'''I have a constant sweet tooth, so I like anything from the bakery, like cupcakes, cookies.''' ,'''I love doing comedy.''' ,'''At 18, I was attracted to bad boys.''' ,'''I think it's sexy when someone makes a statement that says, 'This is who I am. This is what I think is sexy.'''' ,'''I was performing in this burlesque group, and we would go to dance rehearsals every day. You'd use every part of your body. Even though some of it is slow, it takes a lot of muscle to be able to dip down and come back up.''' ,'''I would love to do more music, definitely. That is my true passion. Dance is first and then music.''' ,'''If you are thinking every day, 'I have to get to the gym' and 'I have to lose this weight,' and that's all you think about and you obsess over it, it's not healthy.''' ,'''I love doing comedy - I get a laugh out of it, it's not so serious.''' ,'''As a dancer, I love music that makes me want to move.''' ,'''With Aerobic Strip Tease, you can do it at home - it makes it easier for women that don't want to go to the gym.''' ,'''I just want to entertain.''' ,'''If you don't have a valentine, hang out with your girlfriends, don't go looking for someone. When it's right, they'll come to you.''' ,'''Laughing makes everything easier.''' ,'''I like to play video games like 'Rock Band' and 'Guitar Hero.'''' ,'''I love to go get fireworks, even though some of them are illegal.''' ,'''Dancing is my number one love. That was my first goal as a child. I would love to do stage, maybe do Chicago. I love being in front of an audience. It's so stimulating. I also love to barbecue.''' ,'''Other people's perspective, just seeing the sexy image, might be that I take my sexuality very seriously. But I really don't. I like being sexy. It's fun, and I have had a nice little career off it.''' ,'''Everyone has different layers to who they are.''' ,'''I know I'm not perfect.''' ,'''I like everything loud, over the top, dramatic.''' ,'''I want someone who can keep me on my toes, has a good sense of humor and a good heart.''' ,'''For some reason if we hear 100 praises and one criticism, we focus on that one hurtful thing.''' ,'''When anything bad happens, my insecurities come flooding out.''' ,'''I went to the Performing Arts School and studied classical ballet. That attitude is something that's put into your head. You are never thin enough.''' ,'''No matter where I've been overseas, the food stinks, except in Italy.''' ,'''If you think about it now, it's kind of ridiculous. All these hot girls on Baywatch in tiny little red bathing suits running around saving lives.''' ,'''I hate my stomach. It's impossible to get it flat, and the area around my belly button drives me crazy.''' ,'''I'm an eight hours kind of sleeper, so I definitely try to schedule that in.''' ,'''Guys can get bored easily.''' ,'''I'm more attracted to a stronger man rather than a feminine man. Someone who would just throw me down and take control. I love feeling helpless. I definitely like a man who is aggressive and confident.''' ,'''My mom was amazing. She believed in me and we were best friends.''' ,'''People are surprised at how down-to-earth I am. I like to stay home on Friday nights and listen to 'The Art of Happiness' by the Dalai Lama.''' ,'''Dinner is a great first date. Don't believe that stuff about girls not wanting to eat on a first date - sharing a romantic meal is so sexy.''' ,'''Being flirty is a way of letting a guy know you're interested without making a fool out of yourself.''' ,'''When people assume that you're one way and you're not that way at all, it's hard.''' ,'''My mom was a seamstress, and I wish I'd learned to sew because I'm obsessed with 'Project Runway!'''' ,'''One of the big misconceptions about me is that I walk around in mini-skirts and high heels twenty-four seven and go to the gym in heels.''' ,'''I spend a lot of time in American Apparel.''' ,'''It's always great to have a great mascara that makes your lashes look thick and full. That's a definite must have.''' ,'''Am I still interested in a guy's body? Now that I have grown up, I am much more of a 'vibe' kind of person! If a man has a good body, that is an added plus.''' ,'''People who know me know I have a sense of humor that can really push the envelope.''' ,'''I don't find any presidents all that sexy. They're not very rock'n'roll.''' ,'''For some reason I only crave fruit when I'm in a tropical place - if it's really hot in the summer or if I go to a tropical island for work. But otherwise I really don't crave it.''' ,'''I can't say whether or not I'll ever get married again, but I'm open to the possibility.''' ,]
+++