+++
author = "Uday Chopra"
title = "Uday Chopra Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Uday Chopra Quotes"
keywords = "uday chopra,uday chopra quotes,uday chopra quote,uday chopra sayings,uday chopra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There were no bizarre action sequences so to say but I broke my foot while shooting. It is a superstition where they say if an actor breaks a foot or injures himself during the shoot then the film goes on to become a hit. So let's just say this time I take the credit for the success of 'Dhoom 3'.''' ,'''I have set up a production company and I am producing movies in Hollywood and that is going to be my focus.''' ,'''When people pray to ask for things they want, isn't it basically an act of mistrust in their god. For if god already has a plan in mind for you, why are you praying to change the plan in the first place?''' ,'''As a non believer I don't get the idea of asking god for things via prayer.''' ,'''I am ambitious to do more than what has been offered me. I want to be the best in whatever career I choose and I don't think I can get there as an actor.''' ,'''I don't want to be a nobody in a film. It's okay if it is not a lead character, but it should be a central character and it should make an impact.''' ,'''What is violent about 'Supari' is the thought that the guy who is sitting next to you in college could be already sucked into a world of crime.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm more interested in my iphone, MacBook and gadgets than hot girls.''' ,'''I had grown up watching Amitabh Bachchan act. And here I was exchanging dialogues with him. For me, that was a great moment.''' ,'''My primary goal was to make a movie with the best of my ability. It was not that I have to make the film, I have to write it, I have to produce it and I have to direct it.''' ,'''Having grown up watching my father direct films and having worked with him and my brother, I know how films are made, how shots are taken.''' ,'''See, Padam Kumar thinks and talks in Tamil and English. So for him, the words in 'Supari' were less important than how they were spoken.''' ,'''It might be a slow process reaching to the top but I am patient. I don't want to get into something that I am not completely convinced about.''' ,'''Personally when I listen to a script, I think from the audience's point of view. I would ask myself whether they would like to see me in this role?''' ,'''If a film is good, it will do well irrespective of the timing. Period.''' ,'''I went to Los Angeles and enrolled in a production course at the University of California, Los Angeles. In the morning I attended industry meetings and in the evening, I would go for the course.''' ,'''Everyone, mostly in his or her school or college days, falls for someone unachievable, whom they can't express their feelings to. It happened with me as well.''' ,'''I have always wanted to act ever since I was a small child. But at that time, it was just an idea.''' ,'''Padam Kumar gives the impression that he is very strict and firm man. But the fact is, that he is focused in his work.''' ,'''Since Nandita Das comes from a different school of acting, I had to behave in a particular manner. Then with the boys - Rahul Dev, Purab Kohli and Akaash Saigal - it was another ball game.''' ,'''I am not even sure if I want to direct in Hollywood or India.''' ,'''I am an old fashioned guy. I want to first stand on my two feet and then start thinking about settling down. At the moment no marriage plans.''' ,'''Direction is not an easy job.''' ,'''Years ago, when I was in school, I used to like a girl. But I didn't know if she liked me since I was something of a geek too. So, my feelings remained locked inside my heart.''' ,'''After 'Mohabbatein', I had many offers and I met many people but I am always searching for that one script which would take me that one step ahead.''' ,]
+++