+++
author = "Chuck Palahniuk"
title = "Chuck Palahniuk Quotes"
quotes_len = "241"
description = "the best 241 Chuck Palahniuk Quotes"
+++
- People would ask me to autograph their bodies and then the next time I'd see them on tour they'd have my autograph tattooed. I decided I wouldn't write on people anymore, but I'd give them arms and legs and if they wanted those autographed I'd do that.
- 'Romance' is based on my entire creative process. I fall in love with an idea, obsess over it, isolate myself with it, and when I eventually introduce it to my friends, they all tell me that it's stupid.
- Do you remember when you were 10 or 11 years old and you really thought your folks were the best? They were completely omniscient and you took their word for everything. And then you got older and you went through this hideous age when suddenly they were the devil, they were bullies, and they didn't know anything.
- The best thing about getting a flu shot is that you never again need to wash your hands. That's how I see it.
- I'm always trying to reach a transcendent point, a romantic point, but reach it in a really unconventional way, a really profane way. To get to that romantic, touching, heartbreaking place, but through a lot of acts of profanity.
- I try to tell a story the way someone would tell you a story in a bar, with the same kind of timing and pacing.
- There's a moment in every book when the book turns and it surprises me.
- I think America is just so in love with conflict.
- There will always be an underground.
- My best advice for writers is: Have your adventures, make your mistakes, and choose your friends poorly - all these make for great stories.
- Every woman is just a different kind of problem.
- One thing I really envy about my friends who have kids is that as their children develop, they're able to revisit their own developmental stages and recognise themselves and undo a lot of things they decided.
- I try to forget about the expectation that's out there and the audience listening for the next thing so that I'm not trying to please them. I've spent a huge amount of time not communicating with those folks and denying that they exist.
- People don't want their lives fixed. Nobody wants their problems solved. Their dramas. Their distractions. Their stories resolved. Their messed cleaned up. Because what would they have left? Just the big scary unknown.
- A minute of perfection was worth the effort. A moment was the most you could ever expect from perfection.
- To be honest, I hate silence.
- Portland in particular is a cheap enough place to live that you can still develop your passion - painting, writing, music. People seem less status-conscious. Even wealthy people buy second-hand clothes and look a little bit homeless.
- If I could wake up in a different place, at a different time, could I wake up as a different person?
- The young men, they look to me for a story they can get nowhere else, a challenging risky story.
- Why do the lives of writers seem so... train-wrecky?
- If we can prove an afterlife, then we have less pressure to make our physical life last forever.
- People have to really suffer before they can risk doing what they love.
- Once I start writing, I can't stop.
- What we don't understand we can make mean anything.
- You must realize that one day you will die. Until then you are worthless.
- Destruction is always an attractive idea. My brother and I used to spend weeks making models of cities so that we could destroy them in 15 minutes. There's a fantastic joy in destroying something that you've meticulously built. Then you're free to build a new thing. Destruction and creation... they're inseparable.
- I have a lot of fans who are in the prison system, where ramen noodles are a kind of staple. Prisoners are always sending me recipes.
- I don't do much more than organise other people's ideas and insights and thoughts, and sort of harvest them, and inventory them and present them.
- A big reason why I started writing is I felt that fiction had stopped evolving. All other entertainments were getting better, constantly, as technology allowed. Movies. Video games. Music.
- Fiction is no longer the dominant storytelling device of our time. In the 19th century it worked great, and fiction was the king, but it's not the king any more.
- 'At the Gates of the Animal Kingdom' by Amy Hempel showed me the lean quality of prose.
- I have a lot of money.
- Every author has to eventually write a food book.
- I live by fallacy. 'If I get enough nice Ikea furniture, I'll be a grown-up.' Then I catch myself. Or, 'If I get off by myself, away from the stress of modern life, I'll be OK.' Then I catch myself.
- You realize you have no control over how you're perceived.
- I will never write a sequel to anything that I will ever write.
- My first four books, from 'Fight Club' to 'Choke,' dealt with personal identity issues. The crises the narrators found themselves in were generated by themselves.
- Minimalism seems closest to the sophisticated storytelling of movies. Movies have really educated contemporary audiences to be the most intelligent, sophisticated audiences in history. We don't any longer need to have the relationship between one scene and the next explained. We will figure it out ourselves.
- My father used to call me 'bird bones' and, well, the name fits.
- I love the power of words - no music or special effects - and I want to demonstrate that power.
- We are not special. We are not crap or trash, either. We just are. We just are, and what happens just happens.
- My writing process isn't a very organized thing.
- My private history in terms of people in my life who are dead is very easy to discuss. I don't feel those people can be threatened or intruded upon now. But I am enormously protective of the people who are currently in my life, my existing friends and family. That is where the curtain is drawn.
- We don't see a lot of models for male social interaction. There's sports and barn raisings.
- If you knew that your life was merely a phase or short, short segment of your entire existence, how would you live? Knowing nothing 'real' was at risk, what would you do? You'd live a gigantic, bold, fun, dazzling life. You know you would. That's what the ghosts want us to do - all the exciting things they no longer can.
- All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.
- I really love idiot, enlightened characters - these characters who fail to engage with the drama of their immediate circumstances; they fail to be reactive and enrolled by drama as it happens around them.
- It seems that so much writing is being done in the nineteenth-century model, where every connection has to be thoroughly explained.
- We kind of deny the stages of life.
- Find out what you're afraid of and go live there.
- My goal is more to be remembered. They'll remember this thing and like it in the future. The trick is to stay remembered long enough for that to happen.
- Portland is quickly becoming one of those lovely, lush Third World countries where kinda-rich people retire with their money.
- People used what they called a telephone because they hated being close together and they were scared of being alone.
- My grandfather was hit over the head by a crane boom in Seattle. Some of the family claimed he was never a violent, crazy person before that. Some say he was. It depends who you believe.
- Everyone smiles with that invisible gun to their head.
- In 2008, while the film version of my book 'Choke' was coming to market, my mother was diagnosed with lung cancer. That meant that I had to appear in public to promote a comedy about a son trying to save his dying mother - the plot of Choke - while privately I was caring for my own dying mother. It was torture.
- Sometimes you do something, and you get screwed. Sometimes it's the things you don't do, and you get screwed.
- I've always been very curious about fringe cultures where people temporarily adopt a different social model or way of presenting themselves.
- There are people out there who will not read books, but somehow they'll read my books.
- For me and my entire generation, we took on this kind of sarcastic, ironic, snarkiness because it seemed the most extreme reaction to the earnestness of hippies.
- I know that I'm going to die and that you're going to die. I can't do anything about that. But I can explore it through a metaphor and make a kind of funny, dark story about it, and in doing so, really exhaust and research as many aspects of it as I can imagine. And in a way, that does give me some closure.
- The trick to forgetting the big picture is to look at everything close-up.
- People have to deal with their issues together; they have to expose themselves and kind of exhaust themselves.
- Game shows are designed to make us feel better about the random, useless facts that are all we have left of our education.
- I've always thought stand-up comedians were the oral storytellers of our time, because they know rhetoric, they know delivery, they know timing, they know all of these things that you can only learn by telling a story out loud and interacting with an audience.
- Sundays tend to be a day where just I do nothing but visit people. It's kind of like trick-or-treating.
- In almost all my work, I try to re-invent Christian images and stories and themes. You'd be amazed by the letters I get from young Christians who recognise this and enjoy it.
- I haven't had television since 1991, and it definitely influences me. As a child of the 1970s, I couldn't hold a narrative in my head; I was lucky if I could hold a joke in my head, because every time you turn on television or radio, it wipes the slate clean - at least in my case.
- While writing, I tend to repeat the same song, endlessly, for thousands of times. This helps me ignore any lyrics, and helps create a consistent mood for each book.
- Sometimes the very best way to deal with unpleasant things is to depict them in ways that allow people to laugh at them and destroy the power of unsayable things, rather than refusing to acknowledge them.
- Mr. Olsen in the fifth grade made me want to be a writer. He said, 'Chuck, you do this really well. And this is much better than setting fires, so keep it up.' That made me a writer.
- I used to work as a volunteer in a hospice, but I don't have any nursing skills or cooking skills or anything, so I was what they call an escort. I would take people to the support groups every night, and I would have to sit sort of on the sidelines so I could take them back to hospice at the end of the meeting.
- Nobody's told me anything to date that I've been completely reviled by.
- In 'Diary,' the motto really is: 'Where Do You Get Your Inspiration?' It coaches us to be aware of our motives and not just be a reaction to the circumstances around us.
- Most novels, I find, are three times longer than they need to be. Very little happens, and I don't want to waste my time with them.
- Writing in public gives you that access to a junkyard of details all around you.
- We're so much more likely to feel sympathy for an animal than another person; thus, the best fiction uses animals to define truly humane behavior.
- My policy is to not read any reviews.
- You hear the best stories from ordinary people. That sense of immediacy is more real to me than a lot of writerly, literary-type crafted stories. I want that immediacy when I read a novel.
- My father worked for the railroad, and whenever a train crashed, we would go as a family and steal food from the boxcars. One year we stole a case of butterscotch pudding that was for export to Israel. It took us years to get through.
- A good story should make you laugh, and a moment later break your heart.
- I get a lot of letters from women who insist that 'Fight Club' is not just a guy thing. They insist that women have the same rage and need the same outlet.
- When I first read the story 'Guts' in workshop - my fellow writers that I've been meeting with for almost 20 years - they laughed; they didn't have any kind of shock reaction.
- If you take my stuff apart, you'll find my choruses of repetitions are picked up almost verbatim from Kurt Vonnegut, and my distanced fracture quality is all from Amy Hempel, who's probably my favourite writer.
- You have a choice. Live or die. Every breath is a choice. Every minute is a choice. To be or not to be.
- Being lonely is not a bad thing for a writer.
- I want my characters to really overuse their coping mechanisms to the point where they break down within 300 pages.
- My teacher Tom Spanbauer, the man who got me started writing in his workshop, used to say: 'Writers write because they weren't invited to a party.' That always struck so true, and people always nod their heads when they hear that. Especially writers.
- There's a television show, 'Hoarders,' where people have those homes filled with stuff. Emotionally, in our minds, we get so filled with resentments where we've got a story about absolutely everything.
- Masochism is a valuable job skill.
- To merely observe your culture without contributing to it seems very close to existing as a ghost.
- I think it's more important to write something that brings men back to reading than it is to write for people who already read. There's a reason men don't read, and it's because books don't serve men. It's time we produce books that serve men.
- I am the cause of all my upsets. I am my worst enemy.
- I'm trying to make order out of chaos, trying to find some way of rationalising the horrific things that people do or the way the world is.
- When the 'Fight Club' movie was going into production, I quit my job so I could write full-time.
- My way of being with people is probably incredibly unhealthy, in that I'll be incredibly social, and I won't write a word for maybe a year, and I'll just be with people, going to parties and soaking up stories, and just sort of recharging all of my ideas.
- More and more, it feels like I'm doing a really bad impersonation of myself.
- I just don't want to die without a few scars.
- Discovering the 'impossible' ending to a new book makes me sick with joy and relief.
- Meeting authors is kind of the death of the characters. That is always heartbreaking.
- If nothing else, there's comfort in recognising that no matter how much we fail and sin, death will limit our suffering.
- So many of our enormous emotional crises are lived through the media. They're lived through movies; they're lived through what we watch on television - they're not actual events in our life.
- I come from generations of farmers.
- My parents used to fight a lot, and I think they fought a lot at night, and they would turn the television up to hide the sound of their fighting.
- I usually write in my kitchen, which is a large, octagonal room that looks into woods - three big windows look out into the trees.
- Men want to make the best use of time and want to see how something can inform them and give them a stronger sense of power.
- The act of writing is a way of tricking yourself into revealing something that you would never consciously put into the world. Sometimes I'm shocked by the deeply personal things I've put into books without realizing it.
- You have no idea what it is like to constantly disappoint people. You see it the moment you meet them. You see in their eyes that they expected something so entirely different, and here they are meeting... you.
- The world of American politics is more contentious than it has ever been in my lifetime.
- The bright future is that readers are accepting more varied forms of stories.
- I think Chris Brown gets kind of dismissed as a gay writer, and I think Chris's books are really, really smart. I wish his books sold a little more widely.
- A film has to maintain a certain decorum in order to be broadcast to a vast audience.
- I never think I'm making fun of my culture. In fact I'm making fun of myself, because I catch myself doing some very stupid things.
- So much of 'Fight Club' was a rant against fathers.
- Give me rampant intellectualism as a coping mechanism.
- Of the big horror movies of the '70s, you have 'The Omen,' 'The Sentinel,' 'Rosemary's Baby,' 'The Stepford Wives,' 'Burnt Offerings' - these are all romantic fatalist movies where there's a sort of glimmer of hope... but darkness wins.
- I wouldn't get nearly as many books written if I lived in New York. The Columbia Gorge is fantastic. When the sun shines, I just want to be outdoors.
- I write nothing but contemporary romances.
- Only through destroying myself can I discover the greater power of my spirit.
- Arguing that God doesn't exist would be like people in the 10th century arguing that germs and microbes didn't exist because they couldn't see them.
- My goal is to create a metaphor that changes our reality by charming people into considering their world in a different way.
- Crap has always happened, crap is happening, and crap will continue to happen.
- In my family, we can't just sit and be together. We have to be shelling peas or husking corn or something. A larger task. Some way of being with people.
- I haven't shoplifted since I was 13.
- Men are destroyed for being rebellious, and women destroy themselves by failing to be rebellious. Unless you can make that next jump to either getting along with people or resisting people, you are ultimately destroying yourself.
- I've got two dogs; they're Boston terriers, and they're allowed everywhere.
- That saying, about how you always kill the thing you love, well, it works both ways.
- Few things in life seem more sexy than a banned book.
- I write in a noisy, distracting world so the books can be read there.
- I think a lot of people saw 'Fight Club' and thought, 'Right, here's our next Che Guevara, here's our next Fidel Castro, here's someone who's going to wave the flag.' And I was like, 'No, it's just a book. And if I beat that drum, if I play that song one more time, I won't have a career.'
- Since September 11, 2001, the real world has become too scary for a lot of people to be with - all the time.
- Sometimes, like in 'Invisible Monsters,' I get too out of control, and instead of a plot point every chapter, I want a plot point in every sentence.
- What is the real purpose behind the Tooth Fairy, the Easter Bunny and Santa Claus? They seem like greater steps toward faith and imagination, each with a payoff. Like cognitive training exercises.
- If you don't believe what other people believe, then they'll accuse you of being nihilistic.
- My books are all fantastically sentimental.
- I think that I am responsible for the death of thousands of things and for the misery of thousands of people, just through the things that I buy and how I live my life, and these are not things that ever deserved to die.
- We don't have friends, so we watch 'Friends' on TV.
- The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.
- My stories always have these twisted happy endings, and the boy always gets the girl.
- Did perpetual happiness in the Garden of Eden maybe get so boring that eating the apple was justified?
- Anytime my work can coax bodily fluids out of someone, I'm happy.
- Sometimes the past seems too big for the present to hold.
- I dread the promotion part of my job. It's agony, especially compared to the private, at-home joy of writing. But being a grown-up means doing every part of the larger task.
- Jack Palance was my distant uncle - that's the family gossip. Growing up, my family knew everything about his face getting burned and scarred in the military and how that mutilation led him to become such a famous 'heavy' in films. I prayed for good scars of my own. Not just acne scars.
- For me, writing is a kind of coping mechanism.
- If anything I try to write something that would be more difficult to film. I tend to see film as competition and would like instead to do what books do best.
- My parents divorced about the same time the movie 'The Parent Trap' came out, about two twins at camp who scheme to get their parents back together. I had that same fantasy.
- Since change is constant, you wonder if people crave death because it's the only way they can get anything really finished.
- Maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves.
- In books, you can just wallow in dialogue, and you can just wallow in written words. In screenplays, every line has to serve the purpose of the line that's implied before it and the line that's implied after it. Maybe five lines have to do the work of fifty lines.
- Verbs allow you to communicate a story in a much more converged or involuntary way for a reader. The verbs allow you to come in under the radar, below people's defenses.
- The unreal is more powerful than the real, because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it, because it's only intangible ideas, concepts, beliefs, fantasies that last. Stone crumbles, wood rots. People, well, they die. But things as fragile as a thought, a dream, a legend, they can go on and on.
- My characters tend to be more dynamic because they're reaching that point in their lives where their old way of being is breaking down. They're conflicted by the idea that they don't know what's next. You could call it Kierkegaard's leap of faith, when you get tired of sort of reinventing yourself on a very superficial level.
- If there had been zombies on the iceberg when the Titanic hit it, that would have made a much better movie.
- I don't know if you ever really feel like you've made it.
- If you don't know what you want, you end up with a lot you don't.
- Think about George Orwell's three-minute hate from the novel '1984' and how that left everyone sort of exhausted and able to live their boring humdrum lives. If our lives are going to continue being unfulfilled and boring, perhaps we do need some sort of short-term violent chaos incorporated into them, to make them more palatable.
- It takes a lot to get people talking in airplanes. But once they start talking, you just can't shut them up.
- If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character, would you slow down? Or speed up?
- I wanted to write about the moment when your addictions no longer hide the truth from you. When your whole life breaks down. That's the moment when you have to somehow choose what your life is going to be about.
- Every time I write something, I think, this is the most offensive thing I will ever write. But no. I always surprise myself.
- My publisher's been shipping me to comic-cons, and it seems that my readership overlaps perfectly with the comic-con crowd.
- The answer is there is no answer.
- Movie brawls tend to be bloodless and quick.
- As we grow older I always think, why didn't I do more when I was young, why didn't I risk more?
- When did the future switch from being a promise to a threat?
- My only writing ritual is to shave my head bald between writing the first and second drafts of a book. If I can throw away all my hair, then I have the freedom to trash any part of the book on the next rewrite.
- We're making the same mistakes we made 1,000 years ago. So they must be the right ones. So relax.
- A short story is something that you can hold in your mind. You can really analyze how the entire thing works, like a machine.
- I always thought I'd write when I retired - when I turned 65.
- Any real belief in death is just wishful thinking.
- I think my heart always goes out to men at the peak of their celebrity who checked out. There's such an odd, horrible trend in my lifetime for it - Kurt Cobain, David Foster Wallace, Alexander McQueen, Heath Ledger.
- My books are always about somebody who is taken from aloneness and isolation - often elevated loneliness - to community. It may be a denigrated community that is filthy and poor, but they are not alone; they are with people.
- Your birth is a mistake you'll spend your whole life trying to correct.
- Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives.
- Emotionally, in our minds, we get so filled with resentments where we've got a story about absolutely everything.
- My goal is never to make fun of religion.
- When I first used to tour, guys would come up and say, 'Where's the fight club in my area?' and I would say, 'There isn't one.' And they'd say, 'No, no, you can tell me, you can tell me.'
- No matter how much you think you love somebody, you'll step back when the pool of their blood edges up too close.
- I believe in something. But I don't believe that anything can hold a grudge for long enough to condemn its creation to eternal punishment. Nobody can hold a grudge that long, even God.
- I tell everyone I interact with what I'm working on and let them bring me anecdotes that illustrate my themes.
- What I'm always trying to do with every book is to recreate the effect of the stories we heard as children in front of campfires and fireplaces - the ghost stories that engaged us.
- Once religion has been dismissed by primarily an intellectual class of people, we lose the really useful social functions of religion... What replaces it might be worse than what we throw away.
- The pretentiousness of literature really annoys me; the way a writer is held as this sort of magical person to be revered on the stage. Everything I do on tour is to try and destroy that pretense.
- You are not a beautiful, unique snowflake... This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time.
- Your life isn't about doing one perfect 'thing' and then falling down dead. It's more like going to church or writing a book. You do it over and over, always trying to be a little bit better. Then you die.
- I thought 'Fight Club' was great as David Fincher's version.
- Any 'artist' makes a living by expressing what others can't - because they're unaware of their feelings, they're too afraid to express those feelings, or they lack the skills to communicate and be understood.
- Reality means you live until you die. The real truth is nobody wants reality.
- I think in a way, you're doomed, once you can envision something. You're sort of doomed to make it happen. I've found that the moment I can envision leaving a relationship, that's usually the moment that the relationship starts to fall apart.
- You can tell a more over-the-top incredible story if you use a nonfiction form.
- If we all lived according to the teachings of Jesus Christ, life would be much simpler.
- In a way, a lot of my humor comes from presenting things that are dramatic or shocking and then people not having socially appropriate responses, having people denying the drama by failing to react to it, and that's a really classic form of humor.
- I don't think 'Guts' could get financed as a movie.
- With a book, you're guaranteed the audience has a certain skill level and that the audience has to make an ongoing effort to consume this product and that the project is being consumed by just one person at a time. I really want to play to that strength because it's one of the few advantages books still have.
- Writing gave me the world.
- I think, in a way, I invented the term 'fight club' and that these things have always existed, but they never really had a label. Nobody had a language to apply to them. I created that language in two words and I've been paid a great deal of money for inventing two words and labeling something that has always been around.
- When I visit my brother in South Africa, I order things I've only seen in zoos. Little deers and kudu, all the mammals you would never think of eating.
- My favorite books to give or get are short story collections. And always paperbacks because they are easy to carry as you travel.
- My books didn't fit a marketing niche.
- I am enormously uncool. I've made a cottage industry of being uncool. And I'm fine with that.
- As a lower-class kid, I was raised to think success would be owning stuff. Having that great job, too. Now I find my parents' dream was wrong. You never really own anything. And you're never really finished as a person.
- We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
- When working, my diet degrades to pizza three times a day, because I don't want to distract myself from anything.
- Where would Jesus be if no one had written the gospels?
- The most boring scenes are the scenes where a character is alone.
- I'm only confrontational with my friends.
- Personal identity seems like it's just such an American archetype, from Holly Golightly re-inventing herself in 'Breakfast At Tiffany's' to Jay Gatsby in 'The Great Gatsby.' It seems like the sort of archetypal American issue. If you're given the freedom to be anything, or be anyone, what do you do with it?
- If you start in the pit of despair with these profane, awful things, even a glimmer of hope or awareness is going to occur that's much brighter coming from this dark, awful beginning.
- People say I make up wild stories. But all I have to do is write down stuff that really happens.
- The only thing I shy away from is non-consensual violence. I can't write a story where someone is a simple victim because it's boring.
- The only difference between suicide and martyrdom is press coverage.
- I don't care what they do with my book so long as the flippin check clears.
- When I was little, my grandma used to get romance novels, and she would get hundreds of these, and she'd read a dozen a month.
- Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.
- People said that 'Fight Club' would be impossible to turn into a movie, but I think David Fincher loved that challenge.
- Horror stories give us a way of exhausting our emotions around social issues, like a woman's right to an abortion, which I always thought was the core of 'Rosemary's Baby,' or the backlash against feminism which I always thought was the core to 'Stepford Wives.'
- My personal theory is that younger audiences disdain books - not because those readers are dumber than past readers, but because today's reader is smarter.
- The best fights don't occur between strangers. They occur between friends who trust each other.
- It's funny how you never think about the women you've had. It's always the ones who get away that you can't forget.
- I used to work in a funeral home to feel good about myself, just the fact that I was breathing.
- At the age of 31, I realized, 'Oh my God, I may die like everyone else.'
- The lower you fall, the higher you'll fly.
- If you flee from the things you fear, there's no resolution.
- If I can't be beautiful, I want to be invisible.
- Why is it you feel like a dope if you laugh alone, but that's usually how you end up crying?
- Maybe it's our sins that give God consolation when he finally has to give us cancer.
- Maybe humans are just the pet alligators that God flushed down the toilet.
- I like to get people moving and jumping. I think it's good to add more emotion and chaos.
- Some of the best ideas I get seem to happen when I'm doing mindless manual labor or exercise. I'm not sure how that happens, but it leaves me free for remarkable ideas to occur.
- At school I was lazy. But I started working when I was 15, washing dishes at a local truck stop restaurant. I was really, really bored with school, and I wanted to get a job as fast as I could. School was just so easy. There was just no challenge to it.
- The folks who read my books are so passionate about each one of them that the people making my movies are more afraid of my readership than they are of me.
- I was born in 1962, and it seems that throughout my entire life the world has demanded peace but maintained conflict.
- Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken.
- David Fincher is a genius.
- The third person allows characters to really attack themselves. We all do this - attack ourselves - every hour of our lives.
- The first step to eternal life is you have to die.
- When I first started writing, it was me alone with a computer in my apartment. I hated the time away from other people, and my writing sucked. Now I have a laptop; I can do the most tedious part of my job in a public place.
- Every decade, we get a stunning collection of dynamic, heartbreaking short stories. In the past, those collections came from Barry Hannah, Mark Richard, and Thom Jones.
- I would say any behavior that is not the status quo is interpreted as insanity, when, in fact, it might actually be enlightenment. Insanity is sorta in the eye of the beholder.
- I take a lot of flak from the counter-establishment for selling out.
