+++
author = "Michael Hutchence"
title = "Michael Hutchence Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Michael Hutchence Quotes"
keywords = "michael hutchence,michael hutchence quotes,michael hutchence quote,michael hutchence sayings,michael hutchence saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The English press, are so nosy, and the English seem to love that eavesdropping.''' ,'''It's just as difficult to live in a self-made hell of privacy as it is to live in a self-made hell of publicity.''' ,'''I've never tried to emulate anyone. I've never idolized people, I prefer instead to get off on attitudes.''' ,'''There is an integrity to INXS, in the music, that makes it worthwhile.''' ,'''I know all's fair in love and war but when you go off and try to be by yourself and it ends up on the front page of the press it's frightening, knowing your life is under such scrutiny.''' ,'''But then, you know, I'm very happy, I've got to this stage in my life and I'm not dead. I haven't got married and divorced and done all that palimony business, you know all that mess.''' ,'''You know sometimes I just want to curl up on stage and lie there for a while - it's weird.''' ,'''I manage to scrape together a private life, despite the press.''' ,'''But we got up there and decided to stick to this mix of power chords and funk and that's where it really started for us. In having the courage to take that decision. To take a gamble not just with our music but our lives.''' ,'''I know who I am and what I do.''' ,'''I look at Jagger and the like and if I see a good attitude I'll admire it but I wouldn't copy their style.''' ,'''Women are incredible in groups together. Terrifying. Men have nothing on them.''' ,'''I think there is a certain sensibility to someone you are attracted to and when it rubs off that's good.''' ,'''I don't think success arrives and you're suddenly happy. It's not like that. If people think that they'll be very disappointed.''' ,'''I turn over a lot of money for a lot of people and I'm the smallest fish in it.''' ,'''Every actor I know wants to be a pop star.''' ,'''We'd have to suck away at oxygen canisters between songs just so that we could keep playing.''' ,'''Fame makes me feel wanted and loved, anybody wants that.''' ,'''Racism is essentially natural, it's old fashioned it's an evolutionary phase that we're going through. Ultimately it wont exist.''' ,'''I still haven't come to grips with our success.''' ,'''I hate it when people lose it, there's nothing left because they're not interesting, they're boring, I hate it, and especially smack, people on smack are the most boring in the world.''' ,'''We always thought it strange that nobody was up on that stage playing soul stuff. Maybe people were playing it in their garages, like us, but they always reverted to pure rock when they got on stage.''' ,'''There's something intrinsically Australian about a bunch of brothers and school friends getting together as a band at a very young age and all pulling together as a band at a very young age and all pulling together as mates to make something happen.''' ,'''I get pretty terrified, to be honest, when I'm on tour. You really have to muster a lot of ego to go our there, which I find rather draining.''' ,'''Actually, I find it embarrassing being a pop star. I prefer it when people just treat me like anybody else, although occasionally there is a side of me, which is indulgent and I expect certain things because of my position. It's one of the perks.''' ,]
+++