+++
author = "Charlie Heaton"
title = "Charlie Heaton Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Charlie Heaton Quotes"
keywords = "charlie heaton,charlie heaton quotes,charlie heaton quote,charlie heaton sayings,charlie heaton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was born in Leeds, grew up in Bridlington.''' ,'''If you don't know, 'The New Mutants' is like an 'X-Men' spin-off. It was a comic book; Bill Sienkiewicz did it and it was an 'X-Men' comic. It's basically like a separate bunch of mutants.''' ,'''I want to work and continue to work - that's all I've ever done.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I do that much extreme sport - maybe one day.''' ,'''Sometimes you watch stuff and it's like, oh God - it's the obvious cliches of the genre. You've got to do better.''' ,'''I'm pretty adventurous, I go out a lot.''' ,'''I got my awkward years out of the way.''' ,'''I was against getting Beats cause I know they're kind of really popular and you know, hey're such a well known brand. But, I ended up buying them and they have changed my life, and the best thing about these is the battery life.''' ,'''I'm extremely excited and honoured to be given the opportunity to take on the portrayal of Joseph Merrick in the BBC's adaption of 'The Elephant Man.' This is such a special role and a challenge for any actor.''' ,'''Just traveling all the time you gotta keep your teeth clean.''' ,'''I'm not having to grow up in the spotlight as a 14- or 15-year-old.''' ,'''My first job was a commercial for a Swiss insurance company. It was an eight-minute short with a proper story arc, and it ended up getting a spot at Cannes Lions; I was lucky to avoid the commercials where you're their puppet.''' ,'''I had done acting at school, and it felt like something that came very naturally to me.''' ,'''You can go to school and learn and that works for some people. But I think the best kind of learning is practical and learning on the job.''' ,'''I think acting's very natural. It comes from a place of honesty, and if someone tries to teach you their way of doing it, that could be quite damaging.''' ,'''A lot of the things that we do in life are to find connection.''' ,'''I sometimes think, 'What am I doing standing on this red carpet?' It's hard to believe. You just tell yourself, 'Just play along and hopefully no one will notice!'''' ,'''They see you as one thing, and you continue to do that. Do you want to play this really awkward, offbeat outsider? Yeah. I can - but I can do other things. It's having people trust that you can do other things, or proving it to them.''' ,'''All my friends have always been older than me.''' ,'''I grew up in Bridlington until I was 16, and I lived with my mum and my sisters. I finished school, got my GCSE's, and at the time I didn't know what I wanted to do.''' ,'''Every time I go somewhere, I'm like, 'This is where I want to be.' And then I'm like, 'But do I want to live here?'''' ,'''Prior to doing 'Marrowbone,' I'd done three projects, which were all American.''' ,'''I used to play in bands and my dad, he's a big Beatles fan, so I grew up on a lot of Beatles and you kind of find your own way in music.''' ,'''I don't like watching horror films. I actually don't. I don't watch horror films.''' ,'''I seem to have the best onscreen mums.''' ,'''I've lived out of a suitcase for four years.''' ,'''I look for a layered character who has problems and issues - which, by the way, we all do have.''' ,'''I am an advent Arsenal fan, so wherever I am doesn't matter what time it is, when they're playing I have to get up and watch the game.''' ,'''When something steps in from the work you are doing and breaks into your personal life... you feel kind of vulnerable.''' ,'''When I see my old mates they will say, 'You're doing well, good on you!' It kind of blows their minds - it blows my mind too!''' ,'''I had this crazy trajectory. I went from literally living in a hostel in L.A. at the beginning of 2015 to shooting 'Stranger Things' at the end of 2015.''' ,'''When you're a young actor, you're expected to live a transient life.''' ,'''That concept is quite universal, looking for love.''' ,'''I think people are interesting enough. People with mental illness, or just real people going through real circumstances in life.''' ,]
+++