+++
author = "Anna Nicole Smith"
title = "Anna Nicole Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Anna Nicole Smith Quotes"
keywords = "anna nicole smith,anna nicole smith quotes,anna nicole smith quote,anna nicole smith sayings,anna nicole smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't have a boyfriend right now. I'm looking for anyone with a job that I don't have to support.''' ,'''I am just so happy and thrilled and I am so glad Mr. Hefner chose me.''' ,'''It's very expensive to be me. It's terrible the things I have to do to be me.''' ,'''Living in a small town, I knew everybody and everybody knew me.''' ,'''Vickie Lynn Hogan is my birth certificate's name.''' ,'''I want to be the new Marilyn Monroe.''' ,'''I have been alone since my husband died. I stay in my home. I don't date. It's hard to date when you're at home. Nobody knows you.''' ,'''You never know if they like you for who you are or what you are. Would he love me or the money?''' ,'''I don't understand why God took him and didn't take me.''' ,'''I'm going to fight until the end. My husband is worth it. He wanted me to have it. He was worth a lot. He was a very, very wealthy man.''' ,'''People are just so stupid.''' ,'''I just feel a connection with Marilyn Monroe. I just love her. I just completely feel what she went through.''' ,'''I don't drink as much as I use to could.''' ,'''I was 23, and he was 86. I saw a very sick man. I just wanted to just talk with him. There was no physical attraction at all. He was very much attracted to me.''' ,'''For some reason, people think I am this terrible person and it really hurts me to hear that. I am just doing the best I know how to.''' ,'''I don't date. It's hard to date when you're at home. Because nobody knows you.''' ,'''Men don't even ask me out. I can't remember the last time I was asked out on a date, and I'm talking years here. I spend my life more and more alone.''' ,'''I wanted to become a model and an actress.''' ,'''If I have another child, I doubt I'll get married again. I don't think men particularly want to be with me.''' ,'''I just know I'm going to be an actress. I want it so bad.''' ,'''One thing about living in a small town, I knew everybody and everybody knew me.''' ,'''I did Playboy. There was an ad in the paper for playmates. Playboy called me and flew me to Los Angeles, and I was on the March cover of 1992.''' ,'''I never thought to ever ask for money. I was so stupid.''' ,'''Marrying into money was not a good thing for me.''' ,'''I couldn't make ends meet. I tried Red Lobster. I tried Wal-Mart. I tried all these places and I couldn't make it. I couldn't. So, I tried this gentlemen's club, and, you know, I worked there, and it was just awful in those places. It was terrible.''' ,''''Anna Nicole' came from Guess Jeans; Paul Marciano and me and one of his friends, we were sitting around coming up with a stage name, and that's where that came from.''' ,]
+++