+++
author = "Henrique Capriles Radonski"
title = "Henrique Capriles Radonski Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Henrique Capriles Radonski Quotes"
keywords = "henrique capriles radonski,henrique capriles radonski quotes,henrique capriles radonski quote,henrique capriles radonski sayings,henrique capriles radonski saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The foreign policy of this government is driven by politics - to extend a revolution worldwide. My objective with regards to foreign relations is to benefit all Venezuelans.''' ,'''There will be a winner. There will a president-elect. But there will not be a defeated people. Tomorrow, we are only one country, only one Venezuela. Tomorrow in the country there are many problems that we have to resolve. Problems do not wait.''' ,'''When you're in prison, you either embrace religion or you reject it. I embraced it; it was a very spiritual time for me.''' ,'''Judge for yourself who's still fighting for change and who got sick on power, because the person in the Miraflores has forgotten about the people of Venezuela.''' ,'''Today, the future of Venezuela won and, as we said, we repeat to everyone: there is a path, there is a path for progress, for the future, to make Venezuela a greater country.''' ,'''The best university is the university of life.''' ,'''Venezuelans have a deep democratic conviction. If the government hotheads ventured out to stir violence they would encounter the armed forces. I don't believe the armed forces respond to a political party.''' ,'''How have relations with Iran and Belarus benefited Venezuela? We are interested in countries that have democracies, that respect human rights, that we have an affinity with. What affinity do we have with Iran?''' ,'''I have never lost an election yet. I am a winner. Let's just say that.''' ,'''They say that if I win that I'll take away benefits, but the only one who has expropriated things from you is this government. After visiting all around our Venezuela, I don't have a doubt that we will win.''' ,'''This is what happened to me when I received the governorship. The corrupt previous governor didn't do the handover. We received the Miranda governorship completely dismantled.''' ,'''I'm like a ship captain: I have a woman in every port.''' ,'''Venezuelans are tired of 14 years of promises and no results. The only things growing are inflation, murder and crime. The good indicators - production, education and jobs - are all falling.''' ,'''I think 40 is a good age to run a country. But I've always been fast.''' ,'''I aspire to be the president of all Venezuelans. The message is clear. Venezuelans are fed up with confrontation, with division.''' ,]
+++