+++
author = "Martha Nussbaum"
title = "Martha Nussbaum Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Martha Nussbaum Quotes"
keywords = "martha nussbaum,martha nussbaum quotes,martha nussbaum quote,martha nussbaum sayings,martha nussbaum saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There were several men who had blazed the trail for talking about emotions in philosophy; otherwise my work would have had even more opposition than it did.''' ,'''Fear is ubiquitous in human life. It starts in infancy with our primal state of helplessness, where we can see what's going on but we can't move to get it. As we grow older we become a little more able to get what we want but then we're going to die so that gives fear another boost.''' ,'''If people think that women only wear the burqa because of coercive pressure, let them create ample opportunities for them, at the same time enforce laws making primary and secondary education compulsory, and then see what women actually do.''' ,'''Often, we feel helpless in lots of situations in our lives. The way anger gets a grip on us is it seems to be a way to extricate ourselves from helplessness.''' ,'''Gandhi, when he was on the salt march, had everyone singing the song of Rabindranath Tagore, which goes, 'Walk alone, walk alone...' Now there's some paradox in that, with a million people on the march! But he was cultivating the thought that each individual has dignity, and the dignity consists partly in the willingness to stand up to authority.''' ,'''The U.S. has always understood itself to be united around political principles and not around culture, whereas the nations of Europe have a much more traditional conception of nationhood that is connected to romanticism, which thinks of religion and culture as ingredients of nationhood.''' ,'''What all emotions have in common, and what distinguishes them from bodily appetites, is a focus on an object and a view of that object as salient for one's life.''' ,'''Knowledge is not a guarantee of good political behavior, but ignorance is a virtual guarantee of bad behavior.''' ,'''Hilary Putnam died of cancer at the age of 89. Those of us who had the good fortune to know Putnam as mentees, colleagues, and friends remember his life with profound gratitude and love, since Hilary was not only a great philosopher, but also a human being of extraordinary generosity, who really wanted people to be themselves, not his acolytes.''' ,'''The imagination is an innate gift, but it needs refinement and cultivation; this is what the humanities provide.''' ,'''Giving children the sense that you always ought to speak up for what's right, even if it costs you something, that's something you can do.''' ,'''Most Americans do really think that Muslims all want to take over and they don't want democracy and they want nothing but Islamic law.''' ,'''When we feel helpless later in life, fear makes us scapegoat others. Instead of fixing the problems, we say, 'Oh, it's all their fault - those women or immigrants are infesting our country.' Rather than useful protest or constructive solutions, we get angry at these handy targets.''' ,'''Courses in the humanities, in particular, often seem impractical, but they are vital, because they stretch your imagination and challenge your mind to become more responsive, more critical, bigger.''' ,'''My high school did not offer courses in philosophy, so the books that initially stimulated philosophical reflection in me were novels by Charles Dickens, Henry James, and Fyodor Dostoyevsky.''' ,'''To be sure Plato did not favor 'affirmative action' to fill political and military offices in his own society; nor did he enroll women in his school.''' ,'''Men in particular think that they have achieved something if they can make a woman mad, particularly if she is calm and intellectual.''' ,'''Suppose you endow a charity, or university. You could put your name on it, but you could also endow it in honor of some teacher you had. People differ. There are people who prefer to be anonymous in their giving, or to put somebody else's name on it.''' ,'''Look at the great tradition of Western political philosophy. Those people were all immersed in revolutionary movements. Most weren't career academics - often, they were too radical to be accepted in the academy. Rousseau's books were banned. Jeremy Bentham and John Stuart Mill couldn't hold academic positions because they were atheists.''' ,'''If you look into the religions, they have this deep idea of human dignity and the source of dignity being conscience.''' ,'''Teaching has always been a very important part of my life. It is one of the ways I contribute to society. It is also a source of energy and insight.''' ,'''I love fashion, and I simply enjoy good design in clothes and regard that as one of my hobbies.''' ,'''All of us, whether we are ignorant of philosophy or professors of philosophy, find it easier to follow dogma than to think.''' ,'''Disgust is often more deeply buried than envy and anger, but it compounds and intensifies the other negative emotions.''' ,'''With inheritances, it's really important not to give the impression that you're extorting your children, and one way you can not do that is to make it clear to them that you're not leaving the whole of your estate to them at all, but to various charitable organizations.''' ,'''Men are angry at women because they aren't doing what they are supposed to do, which is support men. They are in the workplace claiming their own rights and often outdoing men. They are daring to bring charges of sexual assault and harassment. They are just not behaving themselves!''' ,'''I think Americans did learn that you just are not going to be able to live well if you subordinate people on the grounds of their religion.''' ,'''I think that it's rational to fear your own death or to fear harm to your family.''' ,'''I think we've lost the idea that politicians are part of the humanities. And we think of them as part of a natural science tradition, and we don't expect them to have the contact with literature, with history, with the richness of descriptive language that the humanities have always stood for. And I think that's a great loss.''' ,'''I think a lot of people get hope through civic organizations and through their churches.''' ,'''It's always easier for people to face backward than to face forward.''' ,'''Disgust for the female body is always tinged with anxiety, since the body symbolizes mortality.''' ,'''We have fear as soon as we are born, we are born into a state of physical helplessness.''' ,'''In general, I agree with Socrates that what democracies badly need is the examined life, and we need to think critically about ourselves.''' ,'''I am very impatient.''' ,'''Emotions aren't just mindless urges; they contain thoughts about matters of importance.''' ,'''There is no reason why an American scholar cannot by himself or herself develop an adequate understanding of another culture. And I don't find any reason to suppose that the birth within a culture automatically confers understanding.''' ,'''When I was four I joined a group of girls who were talking about their party dresses. I thought they were imagining, so I imagined a fantastic pink velvet dress with lots of jewels. But they were simply describing what they actually wore, and they had utter contempt for my obvious fiction. After that, I never joined a group again.''' ,'''We see unreasoning fear driving a certain amount of public policy, perhaps more in Europe than in the U.S.''' ,'''I think that Muslims are criticised all around the world.''' ,'''Fear and monarchy pair nicely. But democracy means you have to work with people you may not like but you must still believe are your equals. And a fearful people never trust the other side.''' ,'''And I sometimes find that members of my family are reading completely different news from what I'm reading, because they're not reading general interest newspapers at all. They're getting all their news from certain Internet sites that are rather political.''' ,'''When we have emotions of fear and pity toward the hero of a tragedy, we explore aspects of our own vulnerability in a safe and pleasing setting.''' ,'''I'm very passionate about political issues, but I also think that listening to people who disagree is extremely important, and I try to build that into my teaching, sometimes by co-teaching with rightwing colleagues.''' ,'''Every time I undress in the locker room of my gym, I see women bearing the scars of liposuction, tummy tucks, breast implants.''' ,'''The first thing you get from the humanities, when they're well taught, is critical thinking. Philosophy in particular can play that role, not just in universities but in schools as well.''' ,'''I listen to music. I particularly love Mozart.''' ,'''Mob rule is always extremely dangerous for the future of democracy.''' ,'''You have to connect your work to what people are doing. A good way is to construct a bridge between theory and practice - Amartya Sen and I tried this by founding the Human Development and Capabilities Association where practitioners meet theoreticians and their discourse influences practice.''' ,'''It's always been intriguing to me, the loveability of mortality.''' ,'''I really disliked Philadelphia society - really, deeply disliked it. I spent a lot of my teenage years writing poetry attacking it.''' ,'''I don't want to talk about the regulation of financial markets because that is not my sphere of expertise. It's a very complicated topic, and if I have written a number of books they are always on topics that I think I know something about.''' ,'''I think ageing is challenging, surprising, fun, and full of friendship, so that is the approach I'll take, objecting to the stigmatization of ageing in so many modern societies.''' ,'''This is my Achilles heel. If some Internet technician is on the phone with me and he's being irrational and incompetent and stupid, I get really mad and I can sort of feel my blood pressure going up.''' ,'''When I am disgusted by certain American politicians, I fantasize moving away to Finland - a country in which I have worked a little, and which I see as a pure blue and green place of unpolluted lakes, peaceful forests, and pristine social-democratic values.''' ,'''Politicians are at a great distance from the academic world. Barack Obama was my colleague at Chicago - but could i ever talk to him now? Never.''' ,'''You have to address anger, fear, and then to think about what the alternatives are: hope, faith, a certain kind of brotherly love. And then you have to set yourself to cultivate those.''' ,'''I wish a person with a record of competence such as Nitish Kumar would get a chance to lead India.''' ,'''At Chicago I offer a course on Emotion, Reason and the Law that law students just love. But I am not there as a lawyer, my job is to teach philosophy.''' ,'''People - and I think this is particularly true of Americans - don't like to be passive. They like to seize control.''' ,'''You can't have a democracy when people don't learn to put themselves in the shoes of another person, who can't think what their policies mean for others.''' ,'''Some emotions are essential to law and to public principles of justice: anger at wrongdoing, fear for our safety, compassion for the pain of others, all these are good reasons to make laws that protect people in their rights.''' ,'''I wouldn't express anything without being very thoughtful.''' ,'''I worked among many famous philosophers, and I tried to observe how they treated students. I knew which ones I wanted to be like, and which ones I didn't.''' ,'''American men do have genuine reasons for anxiety. The traditional jobs that many men have filled are disappearing, thanks to automation and outsourcing. The jobs that remain require, in most cases, higher education, which is increasingly difficult for non-affluent families to afford.''' ,'''In my experience and observation, senior appointments are rarely based entirely on merit.''' ,'''Philanthropy can have a very strong selfish component.''' ,'''Every single university student should study philosophy. You need to lead the examined life and question your beliefs. If you don't learn critical thinking, then political debate degenerates into a contest of slogans.''' ,'''I thought as an actress I would be able to have broader emotional experiences, but then I quickly figured out that I wanted to think about tragic dramas, not act in them.''' ,'''I am not a pacifist - I think that violence and self-defence are often morally justified.''' ,'''It's easy to think that college classes are mainly about preparing you for a job. But remember: this may be the one time in your life when you have a chance to think about the whole of your life, not just your job.''' ,'''My own students say they don't trust anyone who voted for Trump. How can you have a democracy with that?''' ,'''I'd like to be a student in Rabindranath Tagore's school in Santiniketan in around 1915, dancing in the dance-dramas he wrote.''' ,'''Martin Luther King and Gandhi were not people who failed in self-respect. They were people of hope and great courage, and their courage was disciplined.''' ,'''I love to exercise.''' ,'''On the whole, the accommodationist position has been dominant in U.S. law and public culture ─ ever since George Washington wrote a famous letter to the Quakers explaining that he would not require them to serve in the military because the 'conscientious scruples of all men' deserve the greatest 'delicacy and tenderness.'''' ,'''There's nothing illogical, it seems to me, about saying, 'I am going to care deeply about my work and my writing. I'm also going to care deeply about my family and my child.'''' ,'''I have spent a lot of my career working on normative political philosophy, developing the 'capabilities approach' to social justice. I have also spent a lot of my career working on the structure of the emotions, and their role in human life.''' ,'''I enjoy intellectual companionship.''' ,'''I find so often, you know, just on a very mundane level; you've got a meeting and your child's acting in a school play. You can't do both things. And it's not simply that you can't do both, but whatever you do, you're going to be neglecting something that's really important.''' ,'''People shouldn't be teaching if they break appointments, if they behave in an irresponsible way. I try to be down-to-earth and sensible. I want students to know I'm going to work for all of them and not play favorites and that I'm really going to do my work.''' ,'''It is easier to treat people as objects to be manipulated if you have never learned any other way to see them.''' ,'''This is true across every single society; we project grossness onto a racial or gender subgroup or caste. A big part of social subordination and discrimination is to ascribe hyper-animality to other groups and use that as an excuse for subordinating them further.''' ,'''At first I imagined I'd write detective novels, because I loved 'Nancy Drew.'''' ,'''We are not just bundles of atoms being pushed around. But, there's something spiritual about us whether we give that a religious interpretation or not. And so, it's that sense of there being dignity to life that I associate with the word God. I mean, that's probably a pretty radical and agnostic way of interpreting it. But, that's what I think.''' ,'''Well, I'm trained as a classicist, so I like to read the Greeks and Romans.''' ,'''I don't waste time despising people.''' ,'''If you've been betrayed by a spouse or a partner, it's much easier to focus on causing that person pain than it is to turn forward and actually create a life that's worthy of you in the future.''' ,'''In my case, I give a lot to animal welfare because I think that's pretty neglected in America.''' ,'''Clothing that covers the body can be comfortable or uncomfortable, depending on the fabric. In India I typically wear a full salwaar kameez of cotton, because it is superbly comfortable, and full covering keeps dust off one's limbs and at least diminishes the risk of skin cancer.''' ,'''I wake up at night thinking about Euripides' 'Hecuba.' That to me is a story that says so much about what it is to be a human being in the middle of a world of unreliable things and people.''' ,'''It's a form of human love to accept our complicated, messy humanity and not run away from it.''' ,'''To be a good human being is to have a kind of openness to the world, the ability to trust uncertain things beyond your own control that can lead you to be shattered.''' ,'''As an undergraduate, I studied the Greek and Roman classics, and I went to graduate school in classics intending to work on the presentation of moral issues in various Greek and Roman tragedies.''' ,'''Among the good and decent men, some are unprepared for the surprises of life, and their good intentions run aground when confronted with issues like child care.''' ,'''Disgust and shame are inherently hierarchical; they set up ranks and orders of human beings. They are also inherently connected with restrictions on liberty in areas of non-harmful conduct.''' ,'''Envy, propelled by fear, can be even more toxic than anger, because it involves the thought that other people enjoy the good things of life which the envier can't hope to attain through hard work and emulation.''' ,'''Fear requires belief that you will be harmed, and it is easily manipulated by rhetoric.''' ,'''I'm very upset that the Supreme Court ruled that citizens don't have standing to challenge the faith based initiatives on constitutional grounds.''' ,'''I can run a long distance very slowly and I do a half marathon every year.''' ,]
+++