+++
author = "Heidi Klum"
title = "Heidi Klum Quotes"
quotes_len = "110"
description = "the best 110 Heidi Klum Quotes"
keywords = "heidi klum,heidi klum quotes,heidi klum quote,heidi klum sayings,heidi klum saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always did feel beautiful when I was pregnant, but I do feel more me when I'm my normal size.''' ,'''I am someone who always gets up again, even if there are setbacks. I have a survivor instinct. I'm not sure where it comes from, but probably from all the little things that make you into who you are.''' ,'''It's important for children to see what's out there and learn that it's fun to go.''' ,'''I wanted to be a fashion designer.''' ,'''It's not like I'm this glamour diva who hands everything over and I just sit on my throne at home.''' ,'''My boys wear red pants or crazy color tops. My kids are more fashion forward in their own dressing.''' ,'''I'm quite good at multitasking, but I have to do things immediately.''' ,'''Because I'm on the runway with some of the best models in the industry.''' ,'''I'm going to be 80, walking with a stick down the runway.''' ,'''I actually eat a lot.''' ,'''Some people are born skinny, and that's just the way it is. You can't point a finger at them and say they're ill or anorexic. It isn't fair to people born that way.''' ,'''I learned from working in the fashion world that if I have a day when I feel slapped in the face, or if someone has been mean, I just have to get back up and it will be another day. I think about what I'm grateful for. I look at my kids and my husband and think, Wow, I'm a really lucky person.''' ,'''I've been heartbroken. I've broken hearts. That's part of life, and its part of figuring out who you are so you can find the right partner.''' ,'''It's not difficult for me to stay healthy. I like healthy food.''' ,'''I'd say I'm a good cook. I have a lot of German recipes that I can make - schnitzel, meatballs and things with cabbage. I love cabbage.''' ,'''I'm not that patient sometimes. I'm like a rocket - I go a hundred miles per hour.''' ,'''I used to do my own taxes. You know how you buy that gigantic sheet at Staples, add up the restaurants, clothes, and taxis and glue your receipts into the book month by month? The more money I made, the more complicated things got.''' ,'''I'm like a rocket - I go a hundred miles per hour.''' ,'''So everyone has that problem, models have that problem, too.''' ,'''A little acting debut in Spin City, with Michael J. Fox, which opened up a whole new door for me.''' ,'''I don't think I could not have been with an artist of some kind, someone creative.''' ,'''If you love what you do, then you always find the time.''' ,'''The main thing is healthy eating, exercise, which I do for special events, like if it's Sports Illustrated, or the swim suit catalogue for Victoria's Secret, or my own calendar that I did for the year 2000.''' ,'''I wouldn't push my kids to do anything. I want them to be happy, healthy, and I want them to be who they want to be, you know?''' ,'''I'm not someone who plays hard to get.''' ,'''I'm someone, the same as my girlfriends, when they say what do you think about this, I don't always say they look fabulous. I say what I think.''' ,'''I come from a place where we're not that shy about our bodies.''' ,'''I don't know why we work, my husband and I. We just do. We are black and white - yin and yang.''' ,'''I'm quite scared of flying, and especially helicopters, I don't like them at all.''' ,'''Children are very addicting. Once they start growing up, you miss when they were little.''' ,'''I am generally a very happy and easygoing person.''' ,'''No Botox. I don't think I will go there. I don't want to say never, because who knows? Maybe in 10 years I will.''' ,'''You shouldn't wait for other people to make special things happen. You have to create your own memories.''' ,'''Sure, climbing Mount Everest would be cool, but that's something I would now like to do as a family. Big experiences like that I don't want to have on my own anymore. I want to share them.''' ,'''I think if you give your best as a parent, then that's all you can do.''' ,'''In my job, people tell you that all the time: 'This shoot was great. You look amazing.' But you never know what they say when you turn away.''' ,'''I need my products to work and be fast! I don't love having 50 different things in my bathroom, like a different cream for every inch of my face. That's so not me.''' ,'''I always think, look at how people were before they were pregnant. If you were a toned, healthy, energetic person, most likely you will be like that again.''' ,'''So to get back to being intimidated, yes, you get intimidated when you're on the runway with Naomi Campbell, who is the best runway model in the world.''' ,'''I was a good kid. My parents laid rules out for me, and I followed them.''' ,'''I sing a lot, even with my voice.''' ,'''I like to wear things for longer than one season.''' ,'''With a family of six, there is always something to make, create and do together.''' ,'''I don't have the hard everyday life that so many working mothers face.''' ,'''But I also want to have a family with children one day, which is very important to me.''' ,'''Never underestimate the power of the ocean.''' ,'''I don't have my name on anything that I don't really do.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a mom.''' ,'''I am generally a very happy and easygoing person. I also believe it's always better to meet people with a smile rather than looking cold, especially when you first meet. It changes everything.''' ,'''Fashion is a very particular world, as you know.''' ,'''Well, I was already so happy being chosen to do the issue itself, that when I got on the cover, it was even more of a surprise and even more amazing to me.''' ,'''I can't look in the mirror and look at fake things. I just can't. I'd rather age.''' ,'''I certainly like working in Germany.''' ,'''I'm a lioness. I have four cubs. I'm a mom. I want to take care of my kids and protect them.''' ,'''I don't want to be wondering about how skinny I am, wondering what I'm going to eat because I don't want to gain and I want to look hot and young, always and forever.''' ,'''I think you always need to try your best, but at the same time you can only do what you can do, and you don't need to beat yourself up about it.''' ,'''People say, 'Oh, God, how devastating to go through a divorce.' Did I wish for this to happen to my family? No. But everyone is healthy; we're moving on with our lives.''' ,'''I'm bad at baking. I'm bad at letting go of things. I'm probably bad at reading.''' ,'''My children love everything that sparkles. My boys just go with everything and make it their own, but my daughter is a little upset because she is 9 and I only go to 5, so sometimes she squeezes herself into a five, and she is trying to make that work because she wants to wear it, too.''' ,'''All German women are beautiful.''' ,'''I like doing small parts, because I don't feel I'm that practised in acting. It's like making baby steps towards a bigger goal.''' ,'''Going blonde is like buying yourself a light bulb!''' ,'''Being a Victoria's Secret model, which was always my dream.''' ,'''I have the best husband in the world. He's very involved.''' ,'''What are you going to do if you have all the money in the world and all the things that you wanted to achieve in your business and you have no one to share it with? You come home alone at the end of the day. And then what?''' ,'''I'm not white-picket-fence perfect.''' ,'''I love when I go out and I have my hair and makeup done, but I also like it when I'm just with the family because that's real.''' ,'''I know a lot of celebrities who are perfectly happy to put their name to something and then leave it at that because the money is good, but I need to have complete control over how something is going to look if my name is going to be attached to it.''' ,'''I'm a big believer in to-do lists. I think of five things in the shower. I set goals and get my work done, but I have to plan for fun things, too. I'm always thinking about what will make my family happier. So I set up playdates and trips.''' ,'''Family comes first. You're the only thing they have.''' ,'''I grew up in a big family with a lot of kids around, and I definitely want to have children as well.''' ,'''Sometimes random things that you wouldn't think mean anything mean so much to them. With kids, you can say, 'Let's go pick some flowers' or 'There's a snail. Let's investigate that.'''' ,'''I don't know why I got so lucky. I have to pinch myself often and say, 'Is this just a dream?'''' ,'''I think it's important to get your surroundings as well as yourself into a positive state - meaning surround yourself with positive people, not the kind who are negative and jealous of everything you do.''' ,'''I have a normal life and I have this glamorous life, but to me it's two different things.''' ,'''I like to dream, but I like to make things happen.''' ,'''Apart from sharing my tips on toys or snacks, I'm open to hearing new ideas from other moms. I want to learn, too.''' ,'''I danced for 15 years of my life. Which was my love and my passion.''' ,'''I love painting.''' ,'''A woman is a woman!''' ,'''I was being rejected all the time. Agents would say, 'I don't think you're the type they're looking for.' I was always like, 'You think? I don't want you to think. I want them to think that.' This business is all about someone's opinion, but not the agent or the manager's. How do they know? They're not that person.''' ,'''When you are just muscle, you end up being gaunt in the face, and that makes you look older by 5 or 10 years. I don't think of getting older as looking better or worse; it's just different. You change, and that's OK.''' ,'''I was the little sister that was annoying.''' ,'''I'm not quite that difficult, even though maybe I'm a little bit bossy. But you know, in order to get things done, you do have to be a little bit bossy sometimes or tell people what you really want. Otherwise, things just don't get done, do they?''' ,'''When I was younger, I had a perm, and it was really big. My mom was a hairdresser, so even my dad had a perm! I looked like a poodle, but it was cool at the time.''' ,'''I have always been too round to do fashion shows.''' ,'''I'm not someone who plays hard to get. This whole thing about 'Oh, let's exchange numbers' and then people wait four or five days before they call you? I don't see the point. If you feel something, why would you let that pass? You only live once.''' ,'''For me, my business is my business and my house is my house. I don't want the public in my house.''' ,'''I have a whole army of pajamas.''' ,'''I am into comedy.''' ,'''Keeping it all together as a modern woman means multitasking, especially when you work. I think you always need to try your best, but at the same time you can only do what you can do, and you don't need to beat yourself up about it. I'm not white-picket-fence perfect.''' ,'''If you have issues with family, friends, and people at work, try and solve these issues head on so you can move on and concentrate on having the life you want.''' ,'''Every couple goes through things.''' ,'''But all the money in the world cannot make you happy either, so there has to be a balance.''' ,'''I like basketball, and I've been to three games, which is so much more fun than seeing it on TV, I think.''' ,'''I feel like looking in the mirror when you brush your teeth, yes, I see lines, and then I smile and I see things here and there. But that's just, you know, you - that's your journey, you know?''' ,'''My motto is to go wild on the accessories - the belts, the hair clips, the jewelery.''' ,'''As a model you need to be able to do the craziest things.''' ,'''You never know why something works or doesn't.''' ,'''I'm bad at baking.''' ,'''For the longest time, you just sound like a broken record, but you have to be consistent when teaching kids.''' ,'''If you are talented, you can really do anything. And if your heart is at the right place and you have the passion for it, you can go for it and do it.''' ,'''I never went to a modeling school, and I don't suggest to anybody that they go to a modeling school... In fashion, one day you're in, the next you're out.''' ,'''Your kids are happy if you're happy. And if your love is happy, then everything works. I think a lot of people think once the children are there, it's all about the children. But you can't forget about your best friend, your lover, your husband.''' ,'''For me, my No. 1 priority in life was to always have a family. If I had not been able to work anymore, then that would have been it. I would definitely choose family over career. It's really great that my field has allowed me to work and let me do things that a woman does naturally.''' ,'''I'm not saying that everyone should swim with sharks, but sometimes you have to jump over your own shadow in order to learn something that you will never forget for the rest of your life. Then you know you can conquer your fears.''' ,'''Well, I was going to school in Germany. And in my free time I was dancing.''' ,'''I'm bad at letting go of things.''' ,'''When I came out of school I didn't even think that modeling was a job.''' ,'''I believe that when you put a smile out there, you get a smile back.''' ,]
+++