+++
author = "Snoop Dogg"
title = "Snoop Dogg Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Snoop Dogg Quotes"
keywords = "snoop dogg,snoop dogg quotes,snoop dogg quote,snoop dogg sayings,snoop dogg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick.''' ,'''Snoop Scorsese, that's my director name.''' ,'''The most important decision I've made in business? The choices of people I have around me. When I first started I brought everybody with me, my homies from the neighborhood, criminals. I just said, 'Come on everybody, we made it.' Then I had to realize we didn't make it. I made it.''' ,'''I like going to areas where the murder rate is high and dropping it.''' ,'''The 'American Idol' and 'X Factor' shows, they're great shows. But I think I need to make a show like that, directed straight to the hood, to the artists that don't get the attention, that don't have the money to make themselves representable.''' ,'''My liberty is about living. It's about spreading more love. Even though I was always a peaceful, loving individual, my music sometimes didn't reflect that. But now it's different. My music is reflecting the way I feel.''' ,'''There's so much that I want to do. I feel like I'm the Magic Johnson of rap. You know, Magic was great on the basketball court, but he's bigger as a businessman.''' ,'''Well, hip-hop is what makes the world go around.''' ,'''I used to get stressed out all the time when I thought winning was important. I wanted to try to win and help my kids win. Once I figured out it wasn't about winning or losing, it was about teaching these kids about being men, that's when I started to relax.''' ,'''That's how we do it in the black community; we give back to the people who made us who we are. We never forget that.''' ,'''The red carpet is a beautiful situation for people. I think everybody appreciates it and loves it and honors it. Nobody really acts a fool because they know this is a one-time thing.''' ,'''If it's flipping hamburgers at McDonald's, be the best hamburger flipper in the world. Whatever it is you do you have to master your craft.''' ,'''If you stop at general math, you're only going to make general math money.''' ,'''An older guy, he's going to show you things that a young man can't show you. He's going to show you how to stay alive. He's going to show you how to turn corners where your young friends will show you how to turn right into that wall, you know what I'm saying?''' ,'''You've got to always go back in time if you want to move forward.''' ,'''I used to be focused on being the dopest rapper in the game, and then once that became what I was, I wanted something different, and I wanted to become the best businessman in the game. I wanted to learn how to master the business like I mastered the rap.''' ,'''When I'm not longer rapping, I want to open up an ice cream parlor and call myself Scoop Dogg.''' ,'''I just change with the times. I really don't have a say in what's going on. Music was here before me.''' ,'''It's so easy for a kid to join a gang, to do drugs... we should make it that easy to be involved in football and academics.''' ,'''When I heard the royal family wanted to have me perform in celebration of Prince William's marriage, I knew I had to give them a little something. 'Wet' is the perfect anthem for Prince William or any playa to get the club smokin'.''' ,'''I love Benny Hill. He one of my favourites of aaall time. Like, the way Benny did it, he was just amazing. Just seeing how he put songs together and comedy and the timing and the sketches. He was way ahead of his time.''' ,'''Women are in a position now to voice their opinion... women are getting empowered. The more power they get, the more voice they get to shift certain things around. Now I have a daughter, I understand. When I didn't have a daughter, I didn't understand.''' ,'''I learned how to take other people's mechanisms of promoting their stuff through me as opposed to promoting my own stuff, as far as getting Snoop DeVilles, SnoopDeGrills, Snoop Doggy Dogg biscuits, Snoop Dogg record label, Snoop Dogg bubble gum, Snoop Youth Football League.''' ,'''Barack Obama makes me feel good to be a black man.''' ,'''It's hard to say goodbye to the streets. It's all how you do it. You can pass by and say, 'What's happening?' and keep it moving, but it's a certain element that'll never be able to roll with you once you get to this level, because that's the separation of it all.''' ,'''On 'Old School,' I was not an actor, I was Snoop Dogg, so I came to the set with a whole different vibe, and a different crew of people. And on 'Starsky and Hutch,' I was more of an actor. I wasn't Snoop Dogg, the rapper.''' ,'''Look at music for what it's worth around the world and not just America. In other countries, people are still buying CDs and going to record stores. But in America, it's all about digital. The game is breaking down. But, look at me, you need to know how to play the game the right way.''' ,'''My younger son, Cordell, aka Lil Snoop, loves me like a fan loves Snoop Dogg. He's inspired by making me happy. My older son, Corde, aka Spank, does everything I say, with effort and determination - but he does it for himself. He gets his thrill out of seeing his own results on the football field.''' ,'''What people don't understand is joining a gang ain't bad, it's cool, it's fine. When you in the hood, joining a gang it's cool because all your friends are in the gang, all your family's in the gang. We're not just killing people every night, we're just hanging out, having a good time.''' ,'''In the black culture, certain kids are given nicknames that they roll with forever; the nicknames outweigh their real names. I'm one of those scenarios.''' ,'''If the ride is more fly, then you must buy.''' ,'''A lot of brands, you can't touch them. When you're dealing with Snoop Dogg, he brings you closer to the brand and it feels like it's a part of you.''' ,'''Britney would make a better prostitute than Christina. She's thicker.''' ,'''Sometimes a loss is the best thing that can happen. It teaches you what you should have done next time.''' ,'''I love making music and I'm falling in love with making records, so it's like having two girlfriends. But I can handle it.''' ,'''I want to write, direct, produce, but in steps. I want to take steps. I don't want to just jump in because I sold a lot of records and just feel like I can jump into the movie world. Naw, I want to learn the movie world like I learned the music world.''' ,'''I'm looking for a deal from one of you TV networks to give Snoop Dogg his own hood TV show where I can find America's hottest hood artists.''' ,'''I was like the class clown in school so I guess I would say I did like the attention. In church I did a lot of plays, my mother made me play characters, do a lot of drama and acting, trying to become someone else. So it helped me create who I am, to create Snoop Dogg.''' ,]
+++