+++
author = "Ayushmann Khurrana"
title = "Ayushmann Khurrana Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Ayushmann Khurrana Quotes"
keywords = "ayushmann khurrana,ayushmann khurrana quotes,ayushmann khurrana quote,ayushmann khurrana sayings,ayushmann khurrana saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always wanted to be known as an actor who sings and not a singer who acts.''' ,'''The primary goal is to entertain people because... Fortunately, the kind of movies I have been doing have a certain message, they break taboos, and they are socially relevant. So it's a great mix of content and entertainment.''' ,'''A good script can come from anywhere.''' ,'''Not many know that I had done a fiction show called 'Kayaamat' for exactly one month. I also did 'Ek Thi Rajkumari,' though I don't think anyone watched the show. That was the plan - I wanted to be on TV, but in such a way that no one watched me.''' ,'''It's good to be an outsider.''' ,''''Vicky Donor' dealt with a taboo topic, but it was a family entertainer and not cringe-worthy, which helped make it a commercial success.''' ,'''I wanted to work with Sriram Raghavan, the master of noir.''' ,'''I couldn't be a conventional commercial actor without being a star-kid. That kind of a big film needs a certain mounting, a little paraphernalia around you. And nobody would give me that.''' ,'''I want to evolve with my performances. Consistency is really important. Having said that, I generally don't try too hard.''' ,'''I think everyone is a hero in their own right.''' ,'''If a film is entertaining, it will work irrespective of anything. It should be entertaining and engaging; otherwise, it becomes a documentary.''' ,'''I know I have become a star, but I don't want to believe it.''' ,'''I have realised that life is never perfect.''' ,'''People have a very short attention span when it comes to television, but nobody forgets the movie you do.''' ,'''The more you know about your country, your people, you invest better in your craft.''' ,'''Nobody will tell you that you're typecast until your films aren't working; if it's working, they'll call it your 'zone.'''' ,'''I look for scripts that give me a gut feeling that this is going to work.''' ,'''I always wanted to act in movies.''' ,'''To begin with, I always want to go for scripts that do not have a reference in Hindi cinema. If it is novel and unique, it definitely has a better shelf value.''' ,'''I was very immature when I married.''' ,'''My son had seen 'Dum Laga Ke Haisha,' but he wasn't happy about it because my father bullies me in the film.''' ,'''I would love to do an action film. In college, I have played a lot of aggressive characters.''' ,'''I have grown up watching conventional films. I am a huge fan.''' ,'''I don't watch a lot of movies. I watch theatre, read books, and observe life.''' ,'''I'd love to do a film on homosexuality. That's on my radar.''' ,'''I had an edge in 'Andhadhun' because, being a musician, I knew how to play a guitar, so it was not difficult for me to learn a musical instrument.''' ,'''It is good to be a young father, a young parent. You have that energy, and you are growing up with them.''' ,'''I think cricket and cinema are two big entities in the country. If you are part of either, you are sorted.''' ,'''Life is the biggest workshop: you have to observe life. You have to be one with the milieu more than anything else.''' ,'''In theatre, you learn the story is more important than the actor.''' ,''''Andhadhun' is the most challenging film and character. For playing the role, first and foremost I had to learn how to play the piano and then how to emulate gestures of a blind pianist.''' ,'''For me, novelty matters; uniqueness matters.''' ,'''Your family can keep you grounded, make you keep things real.''' ,'''My gut has never let me down.''' ,'''Lots of people expect 'Andhadhun' to be a dark film, given it's from Sriram Raghavan. But this film is fun, entertaining, thrilling, and while it has moments of darkness, overall it's not a dark film.''' ,'''It feels great that with the film choices I have been making have been quite radical and different. I am glad they are commercially working.''' ,'''It happens in the West most of the time - the biggest of stars, they audition. That's how it should happen.''' ,'''I am glad I have a partner like Tahira who is very brave, strong, who is an inspiration.''' ,'''With 'Badhaai Ho,' the lines are so quirky and the situation is so humorous, awkward, and bizarre that people are taking away a lot from the film. The dialogues are amazing. We aren't trying to make people laugh, but the situation is like that, that people are laughing.''' ,'''All I am looking for is a fine combination of critical and commercial acclaim. Whether conventional or unconventional - does not matter.''' ,'''As an actor, I have always believed that content is the kin,g and I have always put my neck on the line to choose cinema that is off the beaten track.''' ,'''I think I am filled with excitement when it comes to doing films.''' ,'''For an artiste to grow, for a person to grow, you have to learn. A learner cannot afford to have an ego. Learning can never stop. If it does, then it is death.''' ,'''The only privilege star kids enjoy is a good launch. That, of course, is important.''' ,'''Nobody tells you that they don't believe in you. I had tremendous self-belief and faith in my sensibilities.''' ,'''What is a commercial film? I think every film is commercial, as every film makes money.''' ,'''I think a film is made with each and every cast member. If the casting is strong, half our job is done. Then, even the mundane line is delivered in a great fashion.''' ,'''I don't consume alcohol or colas. But I don't judge people who do. People make their own decisions.''' ,'''I always thought millennials are going westward, and they probably won't understand vernacular poetry.''' ,'''In 2012, when I left MTV, irregular income started.''' ,'''I want to do more new-age content, look beyond conventional cinema.''' ,'''Aparshakti has his own journey, and as a sibling, I can only wish him good luck. I would also love to work with him as an actor.''' ,'''I have a lot to show as an actor, and I will take my own sweet time for that.''' ,'''I've always believed that getting respect as an artiste is of utmost importance.''' ,'''You have to have a macro outlook, see the film in totality, whether it will resonate with people or not.''' ,'''Writers have always been very underrated.''' ,'''It is a conscious choice to go for content-driven scripts because that is the key for any film to work. There are no two ways about it, and I have always been attracted to great content.''' ,'''I am someone without an ego.''' ,'''I don't overspend. I believe in always living within my means.''' ,'''I am the public, a boy from Chandigarh who's bought tickets in black and revered films since childhood, and when I choose scripts, I take out the garb of an actor-slash-star, and I consume the script as a layman.''' ,'''I think every film is like a team game, especially for me. I have always got films which have a strong cast.''' ,'''I was a part of the reality show wave in 2002. Back then, no one had seen non-fiction on TV, and we had no reference point, so we all were just excited to see cameras around us.''' ,'''I have taken lot of risks in life, and I believe that life is about taking risks.''' ,'''I am not in every picture I post, and my social media is not only for film promotions. I don't feel comfortable with that. Yes, I'll post something promotional now and then, but rest of the time, it is like any other social media account.''' ,'''An actor's off-screen persona should never overshadow his on-screen characters.''' ,'''I am very bad with numbers.''' ,'''My debut, 'Vicky Donor,' was when I was 27. If I was a star kid, it would've been 22. I don't think the difference of five years would've affected much.''' ,'''I realised that if you connect with the youth, you are home. Children love Varun Dhawan for the kind of films he is doing. If you can successfully connect with kids and the youth - you have cracked it.''' ,'''I always aspired to do something different.''' ,'''I still remember most people in the industry warning me that I was not playing the stardom game and that I was becoming niche because these content films don't do big numbers.''' ,'''I think actors are very obsessed about looking different and behaving differently, but all people need is just a different film. They don't want a different you; they want a different story.''' ,'''I would love to write a script, for sure. I write poetry and songs. But writing a script needs a lot of time and discipline.''' ,'''I want to be real and relatable, because if I am not, then I lose my credibility among audiences.''' ,'''There is no point in taking yourself too seriously.''' ,'''I was very nervous as a child and had stage fright.''' ,'''I have certain viewpoints that come out in certain shayaris.''' ,'''There is no point in playing safe, because the audiences love different quirks: something that is crazy and out-of-the-box. I think that's what my space is, and if you are going to have your own space in the industry, this is where I want to be.''' ,'''I played Shylock in my school's staging of 'Merchant of Venice.'''' ,'''I am a passionate actor, but I am also very practical.''' ,'''If I were a star kid, I wouldn't have tried so many things. I would have done theatre and directly joined movies. I did radio and TV shows because I had to carve my own way. Outsiders like me have to reach Bollywood through modelling, theatre, or radio.''' ,'''Even when I was looking for my first film, I knew I wanted to be in something that was good. I knew I was not a star kid, and I will not get any other chance.''' ,'''I am glad I am born in this era, but, at the same time, my success will totally depend on the choices I make.''' ,'''From musicals to plays, I was part of all things theatrical all through my school life in Chandigarh, and this helped me develop a strong love for theatre and acting. Even during college, I was active in the theatre scene and even founded two theatre groups.''' ,'''Being a young parent, you can play cricket, football, and I can play chess with my son. In fact, he plays the piano better than I do.''' ,'''I was always bad with money, and I think most artistes are like that. They don't use both sides of the brain.''' ,'''I have realised that at the end of the day, I have to detach from my films, just do my job, and move on.''' ,'''Success is a lousy teacher, but failure is a friend, philosopher, and guide.''' ,'''I approach every film as my first film.''' ,'''If you are changing yourself with every film, you will be exhausted as an actor.''' ,'''I was a radio jockey after graduation. I was 22, the youngest RJ in Delhi at that time.''' ,'''I've always made my own decisions and selected a script on my own conviction.''' ,'''I'm glad I've established this as my zone: 'the taboo breaker.'''' ,'''I started pretty young: I did my first reality show when I was 17. Then came 'Roadies' in 2004, when I was 19.''' ,'''I learnt so much from all my films, successful or unsuccessful.''' ,'''I think being able to juggle time and mind space comes with the trajectory of being an actor.''' ,'''I have done a lot of street theatre and plays and interacted with the public through radio and television.''' ,'''All you need to focus on is your craft and how you act; and, of course, script selection, which is a primary reason for anybody's success because, in today's day and age, everyone is talented irrespective of fields.''' ,'''I believe in the fact that to portray a character convincingly, you need to live that character, own that character. You have to be earnest with every line that you deliver. However, it doesn't mean that you have to cut off your true self.''' ,'''The running thread of my career has been different scripts.''' ,'''To be successful in Bollywood, you either need to be a superstar or have a super script.''' ,]
+++