+++
author = "Jack Hughes"
title = "Jack Hughes Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Jack Hughes Quotes"
keywords = "jack hughes,jack hughes quotes,jack hughes quote,jack hughes sayings,jack hughes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''But I mean, I'm a confident kid. I want to be a kid that kind of drives the bus, doesn't just be a passenger.''' ,'''Whenever we got the chance to watch a game with my dad, it was like watching video with an NHL coach.''' ,'''You always dream of being number one. You don't dream of being two, three or four when you're a young kid. I want to be the first overall pick. I feel like that would be a dream come true if that happens.''' ,'''I had a pretty good sequence of games at the World Under-18 Championship but our main goal was to win gold there, and we didn't. I'd trade all 20 of my points there for a gold medal, but I feel like I had a pretty good tournament.''' ,'''That would be a lot of fun if a Devil-Ranger rivalry was kind of heated up again.''' ,'''I think it would be unbelievable to play in the NHL as an 18-year-old.''' ,'''For me, I read and react. I think when I have time and space, I'm a threat to score or a threat to make a really nice play.''' ,'''I thought I knew Patrick Kane the superstar, how good of a player he is, but I think I got to know Patrick Kane as a human. How he treats everyone the same, respects everyone.''' ,'''It's in my blood to be an athlete, to be a hockey player.''' ,'''I want to be an impact player and come out of the gates fast.''' ,'''I don't think I've ever felt overwhelmed on an ice rink.''' ,'''Just to be in the locker room with the NHL players, go out to dinner with them, hang out with them. I feel like it was an invaluable experience and kind of like going to Harvard law school, I guess, because that's the best education you could get being around guys like that.''' ,'''Anytime you get to play your brother, it's a lot of fun.''' ,'''You get drafted by an NHL team, you're kind of living the good life. So, I mean for me, it's all awesome.''' ,'''I'm so pumped up to be a Devil.''' ,'''Dedicating your life to something, dedicating time to something, ending up achieving it and maybe doing better than that. Me personally, that would be a Stanley Cup. That's something I've dreamed of my whole life. I think that's why every hockey player at this level plays.''' ,'''We did Passover when we were younger.''' ,]
+++