+++
author = "Maggie Grace"
title = "Maggie Grace Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Maggie Grace Quotes"
keywords = "maggie grace,maggie grace quotes,maggie grace quote,maggie grace sayings,maggie grace saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think sci-fi films have become rather bleak, and understandably so - I think we've made some big mistakes globally with how we're developing, and we deal with that guilt by creating these very dystopian futures in films.''' ,'''I used to be really insecure about my self-education. I'm definitely always learning. But there's many ways to learn. There are many, many ways to always be a learner.''' ,'''A first kiss is hard to fake on screen. It's tempting to practice before you shoot, but why blow that natural awkwardness on a rehearsal? There's something so beautiful about it that can't be faked.''' ,'''When you're doing a Broadway show, you have no free time.''' ,'''I am very superstitious about toasts. I never toast with water, and I'm very careful to make eye contact with everyone I toast with.''' ,'''I collect imported teas, I have a few cupboards full! It's like wine, each has it's own flavour and you get into their little nuances.''' ,'''I believe love at first sight is possible. Centuries of literature and art and beauty has been dedicated to that idea, so who am I to argue, even if I've never experienced it?''' ,'''I trip over my legs all the time. I'll wave to somebody, look up, and end up eating pavement.''' ,'''There's just certain things you don't think about to enjoy a film. Bullets in space are one of them.''' ,'''I can definitely be tough when pushed. In relationships, you have to take a stand for who you are and how you're willing to be treated.''' ,'''Note to self: Never ride a motorcycle in stilettos and a miniskirt.''' ,'''I would like to see more Bollywood films! The more stylized musicals are a new trend in the U.S. We are beginning to make musicals again after a long break, practically since the days of the studio structure, so perhaps we can learn a few things from Bollywood about this fun style of film-making.''' ,'''I used to trip over my legs and get detention for my too-short shorts because none fit. I still trip, but now I like to show them off.''' ,'''I'm a prolific overanalyzer. And I can always use 15 words in place of three 3, no matter what.''' ,'''Every actor who has done an action film has a little tiny scar somewhere from that.''' ,'''I went to a Christian school, and as a kid, we weren't allowed to really watch anything violent, even 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.'''' ,'''Indian-styled garments are very popular in the U.S., especially in areas near the beach, like Hawaii and Los Angeles.''' ,'''Talking about relationships is a surefire way to jinx them.''' ,'''Ice-skating is a dangerous proposition and tennis is going to be something I'm probably not very good at.''' ,'''I'm a Jane Austen/Jane Eyre kind of girl.''' ,]
+++