+++
author = "Josh Dun"
title = "Josh Dun Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Josh Dun Quotes"
keywords = "josh dun,josh dun quotes,josh dun quote,josh dun sayings,josh dun saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Blurryface is a fictional character and a reference to insecurities, which I think all people have.''' ,'''One day I said to my dad, 'Are you disappointed that I'm working a minimum-wage job and I didn't go to college?' I'll never forget his response. He said, 'It's not about how much money you make or what your job is, but it's more about your character. For that, I'm proud of you.'''' ,'''We're always trying to outdo ourselves, trying to do better, trying to write better songs. I think we want to inspire other people as well, so that's what we'll try to do through future songs.''' ,'''I'm thinking about starting a solo project. But it will feature Tyler on all the songs. We'll call it something like 'Two Music Boys.'''' ,''''Twenty One Pilots' is a play by Arthur Miller, who also wrote 'All My Sons.' It's about a guy who's creating and developing parts for airplanes in war time, when it comes to his attention that some of these parts were faulty.''' ,'''After talking to people and meeting them every day, I realize that a song can be written from one perspective with an objective in mind. What is crazy about it is that many different people can take one song a totally different way. That is so cool, since music is a universal thing and a very personal thing.''' ,'''That's the philosophy that we have always had. Going and playing in front of people and leaving an impressive from that standpoint.''' ,'''It doesn't sound that cool to say it, but I still get nervous for any show. But it's different degrees - playing a small basement of a club versus playing a festival like Firefly or Bonnaroo. The feeling is, 'Crap, I'm about to be blasted in the face,' and once you get started, then it's like, 'OK, I've done this before. I know what I'm doing.'''' ,'''The really cool thing about festivals is that you're getting to play in front of a whole lot of people who have never heard of us before. That's exciting. At the same time, it's a little bit of a challenge to capture the attention of people who have already seen a lot of bands.''' ,'''It's hard to be in the limelight and write songs that cater to fans that have expectations of you. We just want to write songs that we love, but all the different people with different ideas coming in make it difficult. We have to ask ourselves if we're writing for the most important people: the fans.''' ,'''We were friends for a year before we started playing music together. We both think it's pretty important. Tyler's my friend before he's a guy in my band, and when we talk to each other about things, it comes from a friend standpoint, not just a business standpoint.''' ,'''As I've told Tyler, there's not a really easy place between being single and being married for us now. We're just so busy that the logistics of our career make dating impossible. I think I'll find a girl at some point that makes all of the extra work and effort that needs to be put into it worth it. But for right now, I just date my drums.''' ,'''It's not like we grew up hanging around in church every day. We'll always stick to what we feel is right for us to do, and I don't think either of us have had a hard time saying, 'This is who I am, and I'm fine with it.'''' ,]
+++