+++
author = "Glenn Ford"
title = "Glenn Ford Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Glenn Ford Quotes"
keywords = "glenn ford,glenn ford quotes,glenn ford quote,glenn ford sayings,glenn ford saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One thing led to another and I didn't have to take tickets any more because I now worked for Mr. Rogers. He said if I was going to take care of his horses than I'd better learn how to ride. He was very kind to me.''' ,'''I don't know how it is now but the assistant stage manager had to understudy several parts. You had to be ready to go on at any time if the actor couldn't make it to the play. I didn't think anything of it.''' ,'''William Holden and I weren't just good friends. He was my very best friend. I feel his loss very much still.''' ,'''An actor would be foolish to do something that might hold up the picture, or more importantly incapacitate him. If an actor does do a stunt he needs to make sure a stunt man stands by to see that it's done correctly.''' ,'''I suddenly realized that the fellow who didn't show up was getting about fifty-times more money than I was getting. So I thought, 'this is silly,' and became an actor. I certainly never thought I'd wind up in motion pictures. That was far beyond anything I'd ever dreamed of.''' ,'''He was very commanding, and you had to know what you were doing to work for Mr. Rogers. I learned how to ride very quickly with him as my riding teacher.''' ,'''I was making a film called The White Tower at the foot of Mont Blanc - the one thing I learned from that experience was that it's more difficult to go down a mountain than to go up. A lot of people don't realize that.''' ,'''I can't frankly see much difference in the film industry at all. The only difference might be that they don't take as much time as they used to. For example, they'll do in one day what we used to take a week to do.''' ,'''It really doesn't matter whether it's the villain or the hero. Sometimes the villain is the most colorful. But I prefer a part where you don't know what he is until the end.''' ,'''Nothing ever changes as far as Westerns are concerned. They are the same today as they were years ago.''' ,'''I think the director is becoming more important. To work under rushed conditions, you need to have an extremely professional director. If the director's good than the end result will be good.''' ,'''An actor should be ready to play any role within reason. For example, I think the most ridiculous thing for me to do would be to try and play Shakespeare.''' ,'''If they try to rush me, I always say, I've only got one other speed and it's slower.''' ,]
+++