+++
author = "Cynthia Nixon"
title = "Cynthia Nixon Quotes"
quotes_len = "61"
description = "the best 61 Cynthia Nixon Quotes"
keywords = "cynthia nixon,cynthia nixon quotes,cynthia nixon quote,cynthia nixon sayings,cynthia nixon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm so not a financial person.''' ,'''I'm not adopting a baby.''' ,'''I've always been wary of marriage.''' ,'''Women's health needs to be front and center - it often isn't, but it needs to be.''' ,'''I'm fairly out of the loop when it comes to pop culture.''' ,'''My mother has battled breast cancer three times.''' ,'''I don't have Steve. There is no having the Steve.''' ,'''What I do for exercise sort of depends on what's happening in the rest of my life.''' ,'''I feel that between my experience and my mother's, breast cancer is a little bit like someone who lives next door. I know what that person looks like and what their daily habits are.''' ,'''Unlike me, a lot of child actors are very short, which is why they work. So when they're 15 they can play 11 or when they're 18 they can play 14. They look young for so long, they have abilities a much younger kid wouldn't have.''' ,'''I am always looking for a great play and a great part to do.''' ,'''I don't really want to get married to get married pretend.''' ,'''I had a lumpectomy. It wasn't that bad. Six and a half weeks of radiation.''' ,'''Abortion is a hard thing for Hollywood to deal with because it is so controversial and you don't want to alienate half your audience by sending one message or the other.''' ,'''I'm a very big public school advocate.''' ,'''There are a lot of myths about gay people.''' ,'''We've all seen the mom who devotes all her time and attention to her child and is so hungry for adult interaction that as soon as she's around another adult, she's not paying attention anymore.''' ,'''I have a lot of shoes.''' ,'''The recognition factor is so much higher when I'm a redhead, so when I'm a blonde I can pass under the radar a lot more easily.''' ,'''I'm an old English major from way back, so I do have fun tearing apart texts and trying to find the hidden secrets and the subtexts in there.''' ,'''In terms of sexual orientation I don't really feel I've changed. I don't feel there was a hidden part of my sexuality that I wasn't aware of. I'd been with men all my life, and I'd never fallen in love with a woman. But when I did, it didn't seem so strange.''' ,'''I've seen wonderful stay-at-home moms and moms who could use a little improving.''' ,'''I love spicy food.''' ,'''I think TV is the only place left where you can have a midsize something.''' ,'''I always sort of thought, 'I'm probably going to get breast cancer. There's a really good chance.'''' ,'''My private life is private.''' ,'''My private life is private. But at the same time, I have nothing to hide. So what I will say is that I am very happy.''' ,'''Most child actors, once they hit 18, once they hit 21, that's it. Even teenage kids often don't make the transition.''' ,'''I believe we all have different ways we came to the gay community and we can't and shouldn't be pigeon-holed into one cultural narrative which can be uninclusive and disempowering.''' ,'''I think women still want to be married. But I don't think they'll do anything to get married anymore.''' ,'''I understand that if I really need my hair to be nice, now I hire someone to do it, and I understand that putting on a pair of heels really makes a difference.''' ,'''Women are half the population and they know how to take care of themselves, if they are only given access to health care.''' ,'''I'd do a show about garbagemen if it was good!''' ,'''I met this woman, I fell in love with her, and I'm a public figure.''' ,'''I think my least healthy habit is running around too much. And I think I'm getting better about it as I'm getting older.''' ,'''I'm a total theater junkie - whether I'm working on a stage or sitting in a seat. I am always looking for a great play and a great part to do.''' ,'''If you make the decision to send your kid to public school don't even look at private schools. Just shut the door. Just turn off the TV. And then you don't even have to worry about preschool. You have to worry about what's good for your kid, but you don't have to worry about how to position yourself.''' ,'''Your good friend has just taken a piece of cake out of the garbage and eaten it. You will probably need this information when you check me into the Betty Crocker Clinic.''' ,'''Nobody ever really thought of me as sexy, right? They thought of me as smart and quirky.''' ,'''I'm just a woman in love with another woman.''' ,'''Abortion is a right I feel must not go away, and I feel like people aren't mobilizing so much because it's so complicated and it's difficult to understand.''' ,'''A couple of hanging glands have nothing to do with making someone a man.''' ,'''I am heat obsessed. I crave the heat in my bedroom.''' ,'''Even though I'm over 35, I feel like so much more of a leading lady than I did when I was 30.''' ,'''My girlfriend is much better than I am at working hard then resting, and she demands that from me, too. She insists on having time when we don't do anything. We leave the housework and watch a movie.''' ,'''I always like to start my morning with a good amount of fruit. I really like pineapple, particularly because of the enzymes that it has. Sometimes I have oatmeal. But if I'm feeling like I really want to be watching my weight more, then I definitely do a protein, like an omelet, scrambled eggs or some smoked salmon.''' ,'''I do tend to be an analyzer. I'm an old English major from way back, so I do have fun tearing apart texts and trying to find the hidden secrets and the subtexts in there.''' ,'''While I don't often use the word, the technically precise term for my orientation is bisexual. I believe bisexuality is not a choice, it is a fact. What I have 'chosen' is to be in a gay relationship.''' ,'''I am definitely as happy as I've ever been. Happier, I would say, than I've ever been.''' ,'''I never felt like there was an unconscious part of me around that woke up or that came out of the closet; there wasn't a struggle, there wasn't an attempt to suppress.''' ,'''I used to just take every job that seemed relatively appealing. But now I take a job and it's in the trades the next day - it feels like people are watching and waiting to see what you do, and when you do take a job, attention is noted.''' ,'''Motherhood is the only thing in my life that I've really known for sure is something I wanted to do.''' ,'''I just want my relationship to be more for myself rather than a public statement.''' ,'''I am not a redhead, I'm a blonde.''' ,'''I didn't have chemo.''' ,'''I don't define myself. I'm just a woman in love with another woman.''' ,'''I love a warm bath at the end of a day.''' ,'''Some friends of mine who are actors feel directing shuts them down and kills all their impulses, but the worst thing for me is if I feel a director hasn't noticed.''' ,'''I go for my completely routine mammogram and then I get a call from my gynecologist. And she says, 'Well, I have some - it's not such great news, but here it is, but it's very small and we're just going to get in there and take it right out, right away, and then you'll probably have radiation.'''' ,'''In a school where everyone is famous or rich or whatever, you have a culture, 'What does your dad do?' 'What does your mom do?'''' ,'''The idea of making access to safe abortions harder and more expensive and more difficult, having to travel across state lines - that puts women's health and lives in jeopardy, which is something I think no one wants.''' ,]
+++