+++
author = "Nancy Sinatra"
title = "Nancy Sinatra Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Nancy Sinatra Quotes"
keywords = "nancy sinatra,nancy sinatra quotes,nancy sinatra quote,nancy sinatra sayings,nancy sinatra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am the daughter of the Chairman of the Board and thus, was raised with great music.''' ,'''After 50, the rock 'n' roll road is a little absurd. It's very difficult to play these little places. You're out there on a rickety old bus with no place to shower.''' ,'''I was a star in Italy, Austrailia, Germany and Japan before the American stations ever paid attention at all.''' ,'''Dad really had little to do with the songs, except to perform them.''' ,'''What happens in the music business is that if you step out of your little spot to do something else, the sand falls right into where you stood and you're gone, you're history.''' ,'''My dad was always there, even though he wasn't living in our house. He was always on the phone, always just a car ride away. Whenever he had a new recording, we would be the first to get the acetate. And it would say, in Dad's handwriting, 'Play it loud.'''' ,'''I have never been accepted. I'll never make the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. They're never going to let me in.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who would laugh at the idea of me being a good singer.''' ,'''Then all of a sudden, Quentin Tarantino comes along and puts a song from 40 years ago in one of his films and they've suddenly discovered you. That was a real gift that Quentin gave me.''' ,'''If I had any advice to give to anybody, it would be record your parents talking so that, when you're longing to hear that voice, you can play the tape. But for me, it's a little often. You don't always need to be reminded that he isn't here anymore.''' ,'''Morrissey wrote a really gorgeous song for me. I'm crazy for that man. And he thinks I'm hip!''' ,'''Most people, when they lose their dads, they go through a period of mourning and grieving, and time begins to heal their sadness. But we don't have the opportunity to heal. I know my brother and sister feel the same. The man was probably one of the most photographed people who ever lived.''' ,'''Morrissey wrote to me and said, I have a song for you and if we release it as a single, you'll be on the charts for the first time since 1972, I said, what time, where?''' ,'''I was singing about six notes higher than I had to, in a range that kept me up in a bubblegum sound.''' ,'''I was at a party three weeks prior to the murders at Roman Polanski and Sharon Tate's house.''' ,'''I was successful with mediocre material because of a good recording voice that people really liked at that time.''' ,'''I didn't just want to be Frank's daughter who sang Boots. I take my music very seriously and studied very hard. It's not a joke to me.''' ,'''I think most people are aware of the garbage in the tabloids and don't give them a lot of credence.''' ,'''I wanted to travel with my dad to be close to him again. Having babies and raising my own family took so much of my time, I didn't have a chance to be with him very often.''' ,'''His last 2 shows in the U.S. were in Chicago and St. Louis. I don't know what made me go on the trip with him, but I'm so very glad I did. They were two of the finest concerts I've ever seen.''' ,'''After things started to happen here, my choice of material was extremely limited. It was a weird situation.''' ,'''Frank's audience doesn't care if a girl singer, a comic or an organ grinder with a monkey opens the show. They are there to see HIM.''' ,'''I wasn't allowed to grow as an artist. My albums were nicer to look at than to listen to.''' ,'''I think I've finally proven something to people who were cynical about me. Because they were cruel.''' ,'''It would be nice to be on the charts again, nice to be recognised.''' ,'''I used to write three- and four-part harmonies for my YWCA club in high school. We used to win all the song contests. But people would say, 'Look who her father is. He probably did the whole thing.'''' ,'''The one hit song that I have tremendous gratitude for is Boots, because it has a life of its own. It's like being identified with a brand name.''' ,]
+++