+++
author = "Frances Bean Cobain"
title = "Frances Bean Cobain Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Frances Bean Cobain Quotes"
keywords = "frances bean cobain,frances bean cobain quotes,frances bean cobain quote,frances bean cobain sayings,frances bean cobain saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The hardest part of doing anything creatively is just getting up and doing.''' ,'''I really enjoy the aesthetic of building my fashion sense. I enjoy the process of going through fashion phases.''' ,'''Twitter should ban my mother.''' ,'''I can count on one hand how many people I trust.''' ,'''I don't really like Nirvana that much.''' ,'''While I'm generally silent on the affairs of my biological mother, her recent tirade has taken a gross turn.''' ,'''I am constantly evolving. The moment I stop my evolution is the moment I disservice myself and, ultimately, those I love.''' ,'''How we treat our bodies directly correlates to how we treat our souls. It's all interconnected. It has to be.''' ,'''So I have been careful about where I go and who I hang out with because if you tell someone the wrong thing, then it's everywhere.''' ,'''I'm in a monogamous relationship and very happy.''' ,'''The grunge scene is not what I'm interested in.''' ,'''As cheesy and cornball as it sounds, life does get better - if you want it to.''' ,'''New York is, like, my dream city.''' ,'''The fact that I'm sober isn't really public knowledge, decidedly and deliberately.''' ,'''The shelf life of an artist or musician isn't particularly long.''' ,'''I'm famous by default. I came out of the womb, and people wanted to know who I was because of my parents.''' ,'''I have 137 pairs of shoes and 200 pairs of jeans.''' ,'''Most of my artwork is geared towards being humorous in some light.''' ,'''If you're a big Nirvana fan, a big Hole fan, then I understand why you would want to get to know me, but I'm not my parents.''' ,'''My look is a Modern Bohemian type thing.''' ,'''These people are fascinated by me, but I haven't done anything.''' ,'''I don't like to look sloppy. I'm a girly-girl.''' ,'''Thankfully, I have other skills than just standing there and looking cute.''' ,'''I don't model unless I think the project is cool, and I don't put my name behind something that I don't genuinely believe in.''' ,'''I want to be able to live in a way that isn't too hectic. Calm. And I want those around me to be sublimely happy as well.''' ,'''We've moved so much, and my life has been so inconsistent.''' ,'''I'm very lucky because my eyes work with almost any hair color. Thanks for the genetics, parents.''' ,'''I find it interesting where grunge originated from and then where it was taken, which was high fashion. My dad was so poor that they kept going to Goodwill to get donated ripped jeans. It wasn't a fashion decision; it was an 'I don't have any money, I have no other choice' type of decision.''' ,'''I've always felt more comfortable in fantasy. Fantasy has felt more real to me at times. Drawing was an immediate outlet for that: to create. It's been my ability to create my own world.''' ,'''I'm really lucky, because I've been able to go places and meet people you can only dream of.''' ,'''I'm a different person. I don't want to be titled as Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain's daughter. I want to be thought of as Frances Cobain.''' ,'''I had a lot of strong women around my whole life who were survivors. My grandma survived breast cancer twice and the death of her child and the death of her brother, and, you know, just a lot of tragedy, and she's still the happiest person I've ever met.''' ,'''With regards to music, I don't want to pigeonhole myself and say I am a musician or a visual artist, because I feel like it's all-encompassing, and I feel like every bit of my art is related to the other.''' ,'''People don't follow me around, and they don't stop me in a way where it's excessive or invasive. It's always respectful. If it's not, I set my boundaries, and I walk away. That's just what you kind of have to do.''' ,'''It's creepy to see fan sites about me.''' ,'''I'm really outgoing, but there's times I want to be by myself.''' ,]
+++