+++
author = "Sam Walton"
title = "Sam Walton Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Sam Walton Quotes"
keywords = "sam walton,sam walton quotes,sam walton quote,sam walton sayings,sam walton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had to pick myself up and get on with it, do it all over again, only even better this time.''' ,'''What am I supposed to haul my dogs around in, a Rolls-Royce?''' ,'''You can make a lot of mistakes and still recover if you run an efficient operation. Or you can be brilliant and still go out of business if you're too inefficient.''' ,'''I don't know what would have happened to Wal-Mart if we had laid low and never stirred up the competition. My guess is that we would have remained a strictly regional operator.''' ,'''In the beginning, I was so chintzy I really didn't pay my employees well.''' ,'''I have always been driven to buck the system, to innovate, to take things beyond where they've been.''' ,'''We're all working together; that's the secret.''' ,'''Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom.''' ,'''High expectations are the key to everything.''' ,'''Exceed your customer's expectations. If you do, they'll come back over and over. Give them what they want - and a little more.''' ,'''One person seeking glory doesn't accomplish very much.''' ,'''Maybe I was born to be a merchant, maybe it was fate. I don't know about that. But I know this for sure: I loved retail from the very beginning.''' ,'''Give ordinary folk the chance to buy the same things as rich people.''' ,'''I learned this early on in the variety business: You've got to give folks responsibility, you've got to trust them, and then you've got to check on them.''' ,'''Celebrate your successes. Find some humor in your failures.''' ,'''I've never been one to dwell on reverses.''' ,'''The way management treats associates is exactly how the associates will treat the customers.''' ,'''We let folks know we're interested in them and that they're vital to us. cause they are.''' ,'''I got into retailing because I wanted a real job.''' ,'''Appreciate everything your associates do for the business.''' ,'''There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.''' ,'''Capital isn't scarce; vision is.''' ,'''The key to success is to get out into the store and listen to what the associates have to say.''' ,'''Each Wal-Mart store should reflect the values of its customers and support the vision they hold for their community.''' ,'''Nothing else can quite substitute for a few well-chosen, well-timed, sincere words of praise. They're absolutely free and worth a fortune.''' ,'''Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.''' ,'''Most of us don't invent ideas. We take the best ideas from someone else.''' ,'''If you love your work, you'll be out there every day trying to do it the best you possibly can, and pretty soon everybody around will catch the passion from you - like a fever.''' ,'''I learned early on that one of the secrets of campus leadership was the simplest thing of all: speak to people coming down the sidewalk before they speak to you. I would always look ahead and speak to the person coming toward me. If I knew them I would call them by name, but even if I didn't I would still speak to them.''' ,'''Share your profits with all your associates, and treat them as partners. In turn, they will treat you as a partner, and together you will all perform beyond your wildest expectations.''' ,'''Loosen up, and everybody around you will loosen up.''' ,'''Control your expenses better than your competition. This is where you can always find the competitive advantage.''' ,'''All that hullabaloo about somebody's net worth is just stupid, and it's made my life a lot more complex and difficult.''' ,'''All of us profit from being corrected - if we're corrected in a positive way.''' ,'''I probably have traveled and walked into more variety stores than anybody in America.''' ,'''If everybody is doing it one way, there's a good chance you can find your niche by going exactly in the opposite direction.''' ,]
+++