+++
author = "Paul Harvey"
title = "Paul Harvey Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Paul Harvey Quotes"
keywords = "paul harvey,paul harvey quotes,paul harvey quote,paul harvey sayings,paul harvey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When America's early pioneers first turned their eyes toward the West, they did not demand that somebody take care of them if they got ill or got old. They did not demand maximum pay for minimum work, and even pay for no work at all.''' ,'''Now you know the rest of the story.''' ,'''When your outgo exceeds your income, the upshot may be your downfall.''' ,'''Self-government won't work without self-discipline.''' ,'''Retiring is just practicing up to be dead. That doesn't take any practice.''' ,'''Golf is a game in which you yell 'fore,' shoot six, and write down five.''' ,'''Ever occur to you why some of us can be this much concerned with animals suffering? Because government is not. Why not? Animals don't vote.''' ,'''Dependency arguments often come from elites - either aid agencies or governments - and say something about attitudes to poor people.''' ,'''Ever since I made tomorrow my favorite day, I've been uncomfortable looking back.''' ,'''The policeman must be a minister, a social worker, a diplomat, a tough guy, and a gentleman. And, of course, he'd have to be a genius... For he will have to feed a family on a policeman's salary.''' ,'''Every pessimist who ever lived has been buried in an unmarked grave. Tomorrow has always been better than today, and it always will be.''' ,'''Cut out the free feed for the boss hogs at the public trough and the spill-over they've been leaving us. We'll manage.''' ,'''I've never seen a monument erected to a pessimist.''' ,'''As industry's tycoons of the Thirties got their wings clipped, labor's leaders in the Eighties are getting their wings clipped. Not because of any class-related antagonism, but because any excess, ultimately, is its own undoing.''' ,'''I am fiercely loyal to those willing to put their money where my mouth is.''' ,'''Like what you do. If you don't like it, do something else.''' ,'''If there is a 50-50 chance that something can go wrong, then 9 times out of ten it will.''' ,'''I was never one who sought to make the small man tall by cutting off the legs of a giant. I wanted to drag no man down to my size. Only to preserve a way of life which might make it possible for me, one day, to elevate myself until I at least partly matched his size.''' ,'''One vote. That's a big weapon you have there, Mister. In 1948, just one additional vote in each precinct would have elected Dewey. In 1960, one vote in each precinct in Illinois would have elected Nixon. One vote.''' ,'''If 'pro' is the opposite of 'con' what is the opposite of 'progress'?''' ,'''What is a policeman made of? He, of all men, is once the most needed and the most unwanted. He's a strangely nameless creature who is 'Sir' to his face and 'Fuzz' to his back.''' ,'''In times like these, it helps to recall that there have always been times like these.''' ,'''We were poor, but we didn't know it. There were no government bureaus in those days presuming to determine where poorness begins and ends, but I don't remember ever being hungry.''' ,'''A policeman must know everything - and not tell. He must know where all the sin is and not partake.''' ,'''Government has to be cut back like asparagus... every day... or it gets away and goes to seed. Ours did. When there's too much of it, the flower becomes a weed.''' ,]
+++