+++
author = "Jessica Lange"
title = "Jessica Lange Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Jessica Lange Quotes"
keywords = "jessica lange,jessica lange quotes,jessica lange quote,jessica lange sayings,jessica lange saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am tortured when I am away from my family, from my children. I am horribly guilt-ridden.''' ,'''I regret those times when I've chosen the dark side. I've wasted enough time not being happy.''' ,'''The worst is when I talk myself into something. Sometimes you take things because you want to work with a certain actor, or you want to work with a director, even if the script or the part's not that great.''' ,'''Sometimes the odds are against you-the director doesn't know what the hell he's doing, or something falls apart in the production, or you're working with an actor who's just unbearable.''' ,'''Families survive, one way or another. You have a tie, a connection that exists long after death, through many lifetimes.''' ,'''Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons.''' ,'''One of the things I love about acting is that it reveals a certain something about yourself, but it doesn't reveal your own personal story.''' ,'''I had never done Shakespeare before, but I don't think you can be an actor and not do it. There were moments when I thought, I'm just not going to be able to pull this off.''' ,'''To my mind the election was stolen by George Bush and we have been suffering ever since under this man's leadership.''' ,'''I never think of the future. I never imagine what comes next.''' ,'''The only place I've felt was really my home is my cabin up north. There's something in the water there that connects me to that place. There's also this sense of isolation and loneliness about it that I've never been able to shake.''' ,'''When I am home for like a two-year stretch, I get antsy, because I want to work.''' ,'''For me, nothing has ever taken precedence over being a mother and having a family and a home.''' ,'''To work with a director that has emotional commitment and passion toward the characters, and the piece, and the experiences, it only enriches your work.''' ,'''Allow the diversity to exist. There is nothing wrong with it. Hell, we put up with the religious right-we can put up with transgendered human beings.''' ,'''Photography was a blessing because it filled my time. If I had to start over, I'd pursue photography - probably to the exclusion of acting.''' ,'''The natural state of motherhood is unselfishness. When you become a mother, you are no longer the center of your own universe. You relinquish that position to your children.''' ,'''What I love about photography, and it's the same thing I love about acting, really, is that it forces you, like, right into the moment, where you can't be distracted, where you can't be, like, thinking about other things or ahead of yourself or behind yourself.''' ,'''It was easier to do Shakespeare than a lot of modern movie scripts that are so poorly written.''' ,'''For me, acting was always a way to explore emotions - to dip into the well and really try to reach rock bottom down there. That was the most exciting part of it. I hadn't found anything that really allowed me to do that until I came upon acting.''' ,'''All through life I've harbored anger rather than expressed it at the moment.''' ,'''At a certain age, death becomes familiar to you-or a loss becomes familiar-the tragedies that are more commonplace in life.''' ,'''I've never been a sunny personality. I've never been outgoing. I'm a solitary person.''' ,'''I've worked with some teachers and coaches over the years, but I didn't really study theater or technique or voice or any of that stuff extensively.''' ,'''In families there is always the mythology. My father died when my kids were quite young still, and yet they still tell his stories. That is how a person lives on.''' ,'''If you're really in the process of photographing, you are absolutely aware. You are looking.''' ,'''Your children are grown and your career has slowed down - all the stuff that took up so much attention is gone, and you're left with expansive time and space. You have to reimagine who you are and what life is about.''' ,'''If I had to start over, I'd pursue photography - probably to the exclusion of acting.''' ,'''Once I started on 'Frances' I discovered it was literally a bottomless well. It devastated me to maintain that for eighteen weeks, to be immersed in this state of rage for twelve to eighteen hours a day. It spilled all over, into other areas of my life.''' ,'''Sometimes parts just come along when it's the perfect time for you to do them.''' ,'''So much of my sense of who I am is tied to mothering. When they left home, I fell into a huge, empty, black hole. Your children are grown and your career has slowed down - all the stuff that took up so much attention is gone, and you're left with expansive time and space.''' ,'''I never shot on sets, but if I was traveling somewhere or on location, I would always have my camera, and I'd always be - it's that kind of fly on the wall approach to photography, though. I don't engage the subject. I like to sneak around, skulk about in the dark.''' ,'''I never felt like I belonged in Minnesota when I was growing up there. That's why I was out the door as soon as I turned 18.''' ,'''I've been thinking a lot about next year, which will be the first time in 25 years that I don't have a child at home.''' ,'''To stay interested in acting, I have to keep trying stuff I've never done before.''' ,'''It comes down to something really simple: Can I visualize myself playing those scenes? If that happens, then I know that I will probably end up doing it.''' ,'''I could be making a lot more money now if I had chosen a different kind of movie, but none of that matters to me... I've done the parts I wanted to do.''' ,'''There was that feminist myth that we can do everything. I don't think you can.''' ,'''I have been a waitress, and I was a damn fine waitress too, let me tell you.''' ,'''Photography was a blessing because it filled my time.''' ,'''Successful model? That's a myth. The year I modeled was the most painful year of my life. Editors would always talk to you in the third person as though you were merely a piece of merchandise.''' ,'''TV is sort of the only way to go for an actress my age to make a decent salary; with independent films, you just can't.''' ,'''If I didn't have children I'd be a much better actress. I wouldn't be so distracted. I could pour 100 percent of my energies into it, to promote the investigation which acting is.''' ,'''I have made decisions based from purely an actor's point of view.''' ,'''We are not the originators of the story. I think it's actually the opposite when you're an actor. You're telling somebody else's story.''' ,'''This idea of selfishness as a virtue, as opposed to generosity: That, to me, is unnatural.''' ,'''I love being a mother. I loved being a daughter, a sister, a wife. I love being a woman with men. I love having given birth.''' ,'''To work on the actual location I think is great. This thing of going to Canada and pretending you're in New York, it's terrible.''' ,'''I do love acting. But to work as a photojournalist would have been extraordinary.''' ,'''I worked on my voice for Sweet Dreams, but only to match my speaking voice to Patsy's actual singing voice. That was my way into that character.''' ,'''Because Shakespeare's language is so expansive, we're under this misconception that it's difficult. But I discovered that it's easy because it's so brilliantly written. The words are perfect, and the language is intelligent and very emotional.''' ,'''There's something magical still about it when I get in a darkroom, and you've shot a roll of film and you develop it and you look at your negatives, and there's, like, imagery there. That always stuns me.''' ,'''I've got nothing left to lose at this point. The work I've done is out there.''' ,'''Box office success has never meant anything. I couldn't get a film made if I paid for it myself. So I'm not 'box office' and never have been, and that's never entered into my kind of mind set.''' ,'''There are no explanations, there are no answers.''' ,'''I like playing characters who are out there on the edge, where they can explode at any moment or fall off the precipice.''' ,]
+++