+++
author = "Quinton Jackson"
title = "Quinton Jackson Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Quinton Jackson Quotes"
keywords = "quinton jackson,quinton jackson quotes,quinton jackson quote,quinton jackson sayings,quinton jackson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Fedor is one of the most gentlest giants you ever want to meet. I've got the utmost respect for him.''' ,'''I like to be private. In my job, it's just hard to be private.''' ,'''In Bellator, they don't attack you for your sponsors. They get you sponsors. They don't get mad at you for doing movies. They get you movies.''' ,'''Take Wanderlei Silva, everybody knows we don't like each other, but if he's fighting I'm going to watch because he's a very exciting fighter. I'm a Wanderlei Silva fan, but Sonnen, I don't know why people watch him. They probably watch him to hear his interview after his fight.''' ,'''I want to put on some exciting fights.''' ,'''I'm not a Chael Sonnen fan.''' ,'''I lost my fight to Jon Jones because Jon Jones is a better fighter.''' ,'''I remember back in the days when Pride was the biggest show, but the UFC has surpassed them.''' ,'''I've always been a defensive wrestler, but when I go in there in the fights, I get so caught up in trying to knock people's heads off that wrestling goes out the window when you're throwing punches and kicks and stuff.''' ,'''I like to see my hand raised at the end of the night. I like when the ref raises my hand. That's why I shave my armpits like the professionals wrestlers. I like to see my arm raised.''' ,'''Acting is kind of gay. It makes you soft. You got all these people combing your hair and putting a coat over your shoulders when you're cold. I don't want a coat over my shoulders!''' ,'''Even though we don't speak the same language, we're friends. I still make him laugh. You know it's hard to make Fedor laugh, he don't change his facial expressions at all. I don't even know if he understands what I be saying, but when he gets around me, he be smiling.''' ,'''MMA was built on exciting fighters where people try to end each other.''' ,'''If the fans want to enjoy watching me fight, enjoy me with my love for fighting, it's fine. But if they don't, it don't cross my mind. If the fans still love me, I can put on good shows for them.''' ,'''A lot of times you do interviews and people twist your words. TMZ said something like I hate my male fans. I never said that, I said I wish I had more female fans, never said I hate male fans.''' ,'''You sign a contract for a reason. You're bound by law to do what you say you're going to do.''' ,'''When you're in the public eye and do interviews, your words get twisted and people put you in a negative light.''' ,'''If I do a reality show, it'll have to be a real reality show. I can't do a scripted reality show.''' ,'''I've got much respect for everybody but Bisping.''' ,'''I want to avoid every punch you throw at me, but I'm not scared to get hit. But I'm not just going to let everybody hit me.''' ,'''I like to stand and bang with people. If they mess up, I'm gonna slam them.''' ,'''I don't really like to watch myself on TV.''' ,'''No matter how much money you make, you still have to look in the mirror.''' ,'''I'm not a pro wrestler. I don't have what I'm supposed to say written for me.''' ,'''If you know anything about the Bible, anything about Christianity, being a Christian is all about fighting. We got to fight every day.''' ,'''I'm sick of fighting all these damn wrestlers.''' ,'''I used to want to be a pro wrestler first, a stuntman if I couldn't do that, and a fireman to fall back on. The guy who used to live across the street from me was the fire chief, so he was going to help me out if I didn't succeed at the other things.''' ,'''I remember when I fought Kevin Randleman, I was so wary about him taking me down, I figured it if he takes me down, was going to be so hard for me to get back up because he's just so good at ground and pound and keeping you on your back and it takes so much energy to get back up.''' ,'''I was supposed to do 'Transporter 2,' 'Wolverine.' But I couldn't do it because UFC was in the way.''' ,'''If you really step back and think about it, I made 'Rampage' one of the most marketable guys in MMA.''' ,'''Quinton and Rampage are not the same person. Quinton is kind of scruffy. The Rampage is the toughest dude you'll ever want to meet.''' ,'''Me, I want the 'W,' but I want to do it excitingly.''' ,'''Ketchup tastes good on steak. French fries. Steak and french fries - ketchup. Don't get me started.''' ,'''I'm kind of lazy.''' ,'''I know why I lost my fight to Ryan Bader. Because I was injured. I needed surgery but I didn't want to back out because I was fighting in Japan.''' ,'''In America, you've got a lot of fair-weather fans, who be cheering for you hard and as soon as you lose a fight, you're a bum and then they come at you on social media and they give you a lot of slack.''' ,'''I need to be a promoter, man. I need to start a promotion. If I was a promoter, man, I would be the best matchmaker. I would be putting on the most exciting fights.''' ,'''When the smoke clears and the money and opportunities lessen, so do the people around you who you think might have your best interests in mind.''' ,'''I come from the PRIDE generation, where it's entertainment first.''' ,'''UFC took the love of MMA out me.''' ,'''I noticed when I started wrestling that I was a defensive wrestler and that people make mistakes.''' ,'''The UFC's a great company; they're doing great things for the sport. I just don't feel like they're doing great things for me.''' ,'''I know why I lose fights. If you don't know why you lost a fight or won a fight, you shouldn't be fighting. I know when I do right when I win, and I know what I do wrong when I lose.''' ,'''I'm a true fighter. I'll fight anybody.''' ,'''I do MMA, but I feel like a pro wrestler at heart. That's why I fight the way I fight in MMA. That's why I slam people and stuff around.''' ,'''Victory means I knocked someone out, that I got paid, and that I'll be able to get it to my kids.''' ,'''If you can't honor your contract, that's the type of company I don't really want to be associated with.''' ,'''I honestly think God made me just for this job. And I bet every time I fight, he's there watching it and getting entertained as well.''' ,'''You don't want fans to walk away saying, 'Man, that main event sucked.'''' ,'''I try to knock people out and try to make an exciting fight.''' ,'''I love fighting, I love the sport, I love that feeling when you win or knock someone out.''' ,'''I've fought a couple different places in the world. I love America, I'm American, but I have to say that American fans are the worst. I have to say it. They can get mad at me. I said it, and it's something they can work on.''' ,'''I like to figure out the fight like a puzzle when I'm in the fight.''' ,'''I was the last PRIDE champion.''' ,'''The thing about Rampage is, Rampage always comes to excite the fans. I love the fans.''' ,'''I never want to be in the UFC Hall of Fame.''' ,'''Just to be honest, I think Pride had their match-makers make exciting fights.''' ,'''To be honest, my experience in this movie industry hasn't always been good.''' ,'''You can tell when people don't like you. Especially being a black man born and raised in the South in America, you can tell when people don't like you. It's just a skill that you get.''' ,'''I don't want to look like all the other fighters. I've been proud to not be or act or look like any other fighters.''' ,'''If I'm the promoter and I've got a fighter named 'Rampage' who likes to slam people and knock them out, the last thing I would do is put him in a fight with someone who's good at holding people down.''' ,'''I started kinda late with wrestling in high school, and I wasn't doing so well - I lost my first five matches in a row, and my little brother said 'wear this chain for good luck... ' and told me it might intimidate some of my opponents. Sure enough, when I wore the chain I went all the way to the regional finals.''' ,'''I think the fighters, we deserve certain respect, because we put our bodies and health on the line to entertain people.''' ,'''For $10 million, I'll fight my mama.''' ,'''I was delirious, and I turned to the Bible, and in my mind, I thought I was a god. I thought, you know, I'm son of God, so my father's God, so I'm a god, too.''' ,'''Not only do I not hate gay people, I actually accept them for who and what they are. They always seem happy and most of them I met are very kind and nice individuals. Yes, and like most straight guys I joke around with the whole gay thing and I see it as comedy, not saying that's right or wrong but I don't do it out of hate.''' ,'''Fans turn on me whenever I lose a fight.''' ,'''I don't care, I'll fight a guy bigger than me.''' ,'''Vancouver strikes me as a San Francisco-kind of place.''' ,'''When I used to fight in Japan, I was popular there and people asked me for pictures and it was nice, and when I came home no one knew who I was. That was the perfect life.''' ,'''A person like Roy Nelson, a lot of people can relate to him. A lot of Americans look like him, especially where I come from in the South.''' ,'''I wouldn't mind going back to Japan and fight. That's what my heart really wants to do.''' ,'''If you're a fan of a fighter, as soon as they lose, don't jump ship. That's when a fighter needs their fans the most.''' ,'''I don't really want to fight the real big boys, because I noticed that I tried to pick Ishii up at the end of the fight, I was trying to go for a slam and I was like, 'This dude is too big.'''' ,'''My kids are from Japan. My kids grandparents are from there, and they never really watched me fight back in the day.''' ,'''I like it over in Bellator. I like the energy. I like it.''' ,'''You can't fight forever.''' ,'''Fighters are my comrades. There are a lot of them with great personalities, they're great fighters, and they should be lifted up a little bit more. I just wish MMA would do that.''' ,'''I do want some abs. I miss my abs, man.''' ,'''I don't take business personal most of the time.''' ,'''A lot of top fighters, what do they do after they retire from fighting? They're real popular. Like Tito Ortiz. They've got so much momentum, they're so popular and then they fall off the face of the Earth. They should take acting lessons. They should keep their fans.''' ,'''I talk trash, but the thing is, I talk trash about people I'm actually going to fight, who are actually in my weight class.''' ,'''I always have problems. I try to keep them on the down-low.''' ,'''Fedor is my favorite fighter of all time. Fedor is my favorite fighter, so that would be an awkward matchup if i had to fight him, fighting your favorite fighter of all-time.''' ,'''I would never sign a deal where I had to fight Fedor unless I was being paid like $10 million.''' ,'''If promoters figure out a way to keep the fighters happy then those fighters will tell other fighters and that promotion will win.''' ,'''Honestly, if I gave my thoughts on the match-making in the UFC, Joe Silva probably wouldn't even talk to me anymore, so I'm going to keep quiet on that.''' ,'''I love Rampage fans. I don't love all MMA fans, but I love Rampage fans. And I really want my fans to know that. I think my fans know when they come in contact with me.''' ,'''I'm more than just a fighter, I'm an entertainer, I like to entertain people.''' ,'''I would have to honestly say that my biggest regret is even starting this sport. I think I would've lived a different life if I would've stayed home in Memphis and worked at the family business. I'd be closer to my family and growing old with them instead of living out at California.''' ,'''A lot of fighters are cocky.''' ,'''Back in elementary I used to tell all the girls I was related to Michael Jackson. But as I got older I think it worked for me less and less.''' ,'''I'd like to fight Bisping because of some personal stuff.''' ,'''I don't want to have to go out there and fight and be laying on my back the whole fight and have like a boring fight and the fans booing and stuff. I don't know why promoters love fights like that. I don't understand it.''' ,'''Not many fighters respect Chael Sonnen because he's in the wrong sport. He should be in pro-wrestling with a mouth like that.''' ,'''If a fan is cool, I'm cool with him. A fan could turn into a friend. But some people act super weird, and they make it uncomfortable for you.''' ,'''When the going gets tough, the leeches are nowhere to be found, but the real people - the real friends - are with you through thick and thin.''' ,'''I fought some guy who looked like Steven Seagal, some aikido guy or something. The fight's not even on my record, I don't remember his name. My dad was there at the fight and he said he blinked and he missed the fight, so I think I finished him fast or something. I forgot all about that fight.''' ,'''I have this creative mind where I can create a lot of different things, but a lot of people never really gave me the chance and opportunity to do that because when they see me, they just see this dumb fighter that fights in the cage and howls like a wolf and knocks people out.''' ,'''I don't want to have to wear the same outfit that the other fighters wear. I don't want to blend in.''' ,]
+++