+++
author = "Eddy Merckx"
title = "Eddy Merckx Quotes"
quotes_len = "88"
description = "the best 88 Eddy Merckx Quotes"
keywords = "eddy merckx,eddy merckx quotes,eddy merckx quote,eddy merckx sayings,eddy merckx saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The more big teams we have the more competition we have.''' ,'''No, riding in the Peloton is more frightening than riding in the park.''' ,'''The most important thing is that you're the best of your generation and I can say that I was.''' ,'''It is not enough to have talent alone. You will have to train hard and motivate yourself to do your best. You should learn to live for your sport.''' ,'''Miracles can sometimes happen in cycling.''' ,'''Fear never left me during the tour - the fear of a spill, fear for accidents, for mishaps, for the unexpected which might ruin everything at the end.''' ,'''With a wife and two children to support, I didn't have enough money for me to do nothing. So I started my business.''' ,'''Cavendish is a fantastic and jovial boy.''' ,'''I can tell you I preferred my era. Yes, they make much more money now but I preferred my cycling. The passion for racing. I like more racing. Now riders they train all the time. Not so much racing.''' ,'''I don't know if Armstrong will find it hard to get into normal life. You can't really compare our cases. He is a racer, too, but he has had cancer and has found other things in life which are important.''' ,'''Riders are not criminals.''' ,'''We're not millionaires, but we live well.''' ,'''In my time also when you do good, Frenchmen don't like it.''' ,'''I won 34 in my career and I never thought that the record would last, that I'd be the person with the most stage wins.''' ,'''It's not like at university where you graduate. Every cyclist must start again. At the end of the season you know if you are good or not.''' ,'''Absolutely, in stage races, Froome is better than Eddy Merckx. Maybe he can win five, six Tours de France, but my focus wasn't only on the Tour de France. I was riding all year.''' ,'''I raced from 1 February to 31 October every year, competed for everything.''' ,'''I have no regrets at all. With all the races I won, what regrets could I possibly have?''' ,'''When you are number one, the pressure is on you. It's not only physical but mental. You become tired.''' ,'''I do not want to continue cycling until I am 35. I want to make something else out of my life, too. There are other things besides a bike and racing.''' ,'''You can only be the best of your time. I was the best of my time.''' ,'''If you have big talent and don't train it's all over.''' ,'''You know when you are in the peloton and you come near the Ventoux, nobody's speaking anymore, you can hear a fly, because it's always very quiet because everybody's afraid about the Ventoux, because it's a hard climb.''' ,'''Even when I was a kid I wanted to win everything: a game of Monopoly, a game of cards, dominoes.''' ,'''It's difficult for him, carrying the name. But Axel is doing what he likes to do, and for me, if Axel's happy, I'm also happy.''' ,'''I don't like it when people say I was the best ever. It's silly. I am not the best ever. I was the best of my time.''' ,'''Cycling is a good school for life. It makes you hard and gives you ambition, but you can never say you've arrived.''' ,'''The only event that counts is the Tour, it's the only race that all the media go to. It's far more important than it was in my time, but as I see it cycling is more than the Tour de France.''' ,'''When I won my first Tour, the second-placed rider was some 18 minutes behind.''' ,'''The sport will benefit when star riders start races.''' ,'''I have great memories, but I'm not terribly nostalgic.''' ,'''We were not rich. We did not go to the Cote d'Azur or skiing. Our only vacation was to the North Sea. I had to pay for my bicycle every month, but we always had food.''' ,'''It's a shame to mix sports and politics.''' ,'''I always rode for myself.''' ,'''I won 34 Tour stages by winning sprints, in the mountains, in time trials and going on the attack on the descents. Let's not forget the five yellow jerseys I've got at home plus the 96 days I wore it. Does that not seem much?''' ,'''If you win once, you want more. You are not satisfied.''' ,'''When the terrible accident occurred, at least I escaped with my life. I was the lucky one, that was my reaction.''' ,'''You need talent as a rider and I think I had that in my genes. But I think I also had a talent for suffering, which I thought was important, but also determination.''' ,'''Being in a team with a good atmosphere and where the people hang out, you can always outdo yourself there.''' ,'''I was a more aggressive rider than Armstrong. I would attack more often. He waits for the other guys, then counter-attacks.''' ,'''No doctor is going to tell me I can't finish the Tour. I will never give up.''' ,'''No sport is 100 per cent clean - I think 95 per cent of the cyclists are clean. In the normal world, not everybody is clean.''' ,'''Doping has to be fought, cheats must be unmasked, abuse should be punished but all this should remain human.''' ,'''We ate at 6:30 or 7:00 in the morning, before the race. First a small breakfast with the cheese and the ham and then steaks. It was horrible, but you know, you had to eat steaks to be strong. It was absolutely crazy.''' ,'''The smaller races were where you made your money.''' ,'''Everything being equal, no sickness or crashes, there's nobody who can beat Lance Armstrong at the Tour de France.''' ,'''I've never been that bothered by numbers; the history of cycling evolves and follows its own course.''' ,'''The closest I have come to death was when I had my crash at the Blois outdoor velodrome in central France in September 1969.''' ,'''India is a big country. Here people are talented, they are motivated. If they train properly, I see no reason why India won't produce world class cyclists in 10 years.''' ,'''Ride as much or as little, or as long or as short as you feel. But ride.''' ,'''It's important in life to do what you like to do, no?''' ,'''I have decided to give up competition. I cannot train properly for the Tour de France which I had hoped to ride for the last time as apotheosis to my career. Doctors are forbidding me to ride anymore in high level competition and I bow to them.''' ,'''The Tour is the No. 1 event in cycling.''' ,'''I still cannot walk around anywhere in Belgium.''' ,'''I do not plan to go on cycling until I am completely tired and finished.''' ,'''I hated losing. Being defeated made me sick, I couldn't stand it.''' ,'''I earned more than other riders, but even in my best year I never grossed more than about $300,000.''' ,'''If you think back to the days of Phil Anderson, when there were very few Australians to now when you have a Tour de France winner in Cadel Evans, a professional team in GreenEDGE, and classics winners in Stuart O'Grady and Matt Goss - the sport is bigger and bigger in Australia.''' ,'''I sleep very well, thank you.''' ,'''I really worked hard and overcame mental barriers to achieve those records.''' ,'''Cycling always receives a bad name. It's always cycling that's attacked and other sports are never attacked.''' ,'''All those races, all those victories and losses, it's as if they happened to someone else.''' ,'''If a rider is concerned about questionable practices, it's his duty to speak up for the good of others.''' ,'''After his success in the Tour of Italy and Tour de France in the same year, Pantani certainly made mistakes - but he was targeted by Italian justice who never let him go. I believe it was that that destroyed him.''' ,'''I'd have no problem with Cavendish winning 34 or 35 Tour stages.''' ,'''I wore the yellow jersey 96 times. It is the best memory of my career. It still gives me goosebumps.''' ,'''I think I was three or four when I first rode and four when I first crashed.''' ,'''I'm not saying that every time I race I go to the very limit of my strength. But when the opportunity appears I consider it immoral not to take them.''' ,'''My wife is a much better tourist than me.''' ,'''I didn't win any bunch sprints. But I won in solo breakaways, I won time-trials, I won in the mountains.''' ,'''Cycling is a sport of the people. How many people in the world have never been on a bike? Not many.''' ,'''I always had a strong lieutenant to help me, but Hinault doesn't need one.''' ,'''Cyclists live with pain, if you can't handle it you will win nothing.''' ,'''I always thought Mario Cipollini was difficult to beat but I think Cipollini would have found it very hard against Cavendish.''' ,'''Winning big Tours and stage races is often about pain management.''' ,'''It's always the first Tour that is the most difficult to win.''' ,'''I've made up my mind. Lugano was my last World Championships as a coach.''' ,'''If I'm going to have to do all the work, I might as well do it alone.''' ,'''You had to be strong in the head... training, training and training. That is the only way, even if you have big talent.''' ,'''The day when I start a race without intending to win it, I won't be able to look at myself in the mirror.''' ,'''You need just as much drive to be a good businessman as you do to excel as an athlete.''' ,'''I agree it is the most important, but cycling is not only about Tour. If everybody thinks like Armstrong, there will be only one race.''' ,'''I stopped because I was tired of always racing.''' ,'''I cycle two or three times a week.''' ,'''You know the cycling federation in the U.K. did a good job of going around schools and scouting young riders. The Belgian federation is not like that. It is asleep.''' ,'''I always had and I still have that special desire in me to be the best.''' ,'''I find it difficult, the method of working in the cycling union, the lack of professionalism.''' ,'''What wears you out is the competing, not the training.''' ,]
+++