+++
author = "Bianca Lawson"
title = "Bianca Lawson Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Bianca Lawson Quotes"
keywords = "bianca lawson,bianca lawson quotes,bianca lawson quote,bianca lawson sayings,bianca lawson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was in line at a store and there was a little girl, she was standing in line next to me and some other girls had come up to me and recognized me from 'Pretty Little Liars.' When they walked away, this girl was staring at me, and her eyes got so big, and she started crying. It was, like, the cutest thing.''' ,'''I'm a pretty low key person when it comes to style, I love to be comfortable all the time. I love getting dressed up when I'm going out. But most of the time, I just like to be comfortable. It's really annoying to everyone in my life, but I love it.''' ,'''I am so lazy. I really don't have a regimen. When I was younger I used to be into cardio and taebo and step-orobics and hiking. Lately, I haven't done anything at all. I'd like to get into yoga, but I've been really bad.''' ,'''My dad and I used to do movie marathons when I was a kid at the Chinese Theatre, and I just remember thinking, 'One day I want to have a movie here' And then later on, when 'Save The Last Dance' premiered there, that was definitely a full circle moment.''' ,'''The very first job I did, a Barbie commercial when I was eight or nine, that was like 'Oh my God.' Because when you're watching things on TV, you think it's like a fantasy. But then to actually do it and then see yourself, it's like 'Oh my God.'''' ,'''In my regular life, I don't really wear much makeup unless I'm going out.''' ,'''I've been using the same thing I've used since I was a teenager, which is Cetaphil. I love Cetaphil's cleansing cream, face cream and aloe vera gel. Those are the three things I always use.''' ,'''Everyone's really sweet, really nice. The 'Buffy' fans always ask me to do Kendra's lines in Kendra's accent.''' ,]
+++