+++
author = "Trace Cyrus"
title = "Trace Cyrus Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Trace Cyrus Quotes"
keywords = "trace cyrus,trace cyrus quotes,trace cyrus quote,trace cyrus sayings,trace cyrus saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Some of the most successful artists are the weirdest ones - look at Lady Gaga. I've done shows with her and she's amazing.''' ,'''Good Charlotte I look up to in so many ways.''' ,'''I feel like every album I've done kind of had a theme.''' ,'''L.A. is the most accepting city I've ever been in.''' ,'''I definitely enjoy doing big festivals and big shows.''' ,'''I mean, I want my live show to be like a Marilyn Manson show, where it's gruesome and dark, but I want the music to be straight-up pop.''' ,'''There's something about pop songs that are remembered throughout time.''' ,'''Of course I think we're most thankful for 'Shake It,' because it's given us a lot of opportunities, helped us pay some bills and brought us pretty far in life. And it's fun to perform live.''' ,'''I think a lot of bands have hit songs that don't get the attention that they ever are going to deserve.''' ,'''I basically grew up on the road with my dad, on a tour bus every summer since I was a kid.''' ,'''I'm not trying to clean my image to make anyone happy.''' ,'''I think it's everyone's dream to tour the world to play music.''' ,'''I want to be myself.''' ,'''People don't expect me to make pop music.''' ,'''I love all types of music... but pop is where my heart is at.''' ,'''People wanna dance. People wanna have a good time. And people wanna party.''' ,'''My dad, Billy Ray, he had a huge hit in the '90s with 'Achy Breaky Heart.' And, you know, as a kid I always said I wanted to be just like my dad. And it's crazy - just be careful what you wish for because I had the same thing he had, which was a huge hit off his first album.''' ,'''I never had my mind set on being an entertainer in the music business.''' ,'''With Metro Station, there were too many people trying to control us. That's not the thing you should do with an artist, I think.''' ,'''One of the things I love in life is art. That's one reason my entire body is covered in tattoos.''' ,'''Playing in front of a bigger crowd is such a fun feeling, and getting to play to more kids is always better.''' ,'''I have everything I could ever want in life.''' ,'''I've had the worst relationships because with touring it's impossible.''' ,'''Like with MySpace and everything, my dad didn't even know what that was. And then all of a sudden, Twitter came around and he was taking pictures of my new tattoos and posting them and I was like, what's going on? I've never seen this happen before!''' ,'''Every day's a learning experience.''' ,'''I was just obsessed with bands like Third Eye Blind, Matchbox 20, Everclear - those were shows I was going to. A lot of those bands definitely inspired me. Those bands' songs are powerful enough that they can last forever.''' ,'''I've always been into fashion and thought it would be amazing to have a clothing line. I just never thought I would have a chance to do something like that.''' ,'''When people first meet me, they think I'm going to be a mean guy or something. I guess I just need to prove that you can't judge a book by its cover.''' ,'''Growing up and playing guitar with my dad and stuff like really influenced me. It definitely must've had an impact on why Miley wanted to sing and why I wanted to sing and play guitar as well.''' ,'''I get a lot of tattoos for people in my family. Some of my friends I have tattoos for, some of my religious beliefs, things that represent me in different times of my life. They kind of tell a story. I like them.''' ,'''A lot of great songs get looked over.''' ,'''I think when we were making the first album, we were like 16, 17 years old, and I think just years and years of recording and playing shows - I know me, personally, I kind of figured out my style more and vocally learned a better way to sing in the studio.''' ,'''London is a blast.''' ,'''Metro Station, it was a crazy experience, because I felt like we just blew up really fast.''' ,'''I could have gone the route of the Jonas Brothers. Those guys can't live their lives freely. They have to put out this image that's totally fake.''' ,'''I kind of feel like God took away Metro Station and the greatness there so I could settle down and have my love life.''' ,'''Any song that does well, we're happy with. All we can do is keep writing great songs and hope that one catches on.''' ,'''We want to be presentable and respectable, but feel like we can talk freely about what we want to sing about - we don't need to cuss to have that bad-boy attitude, I guess.''' ,'''We don't want to cross too many lines or offend the parents at all.''' ,'''Geronimo' was great, but when I listen back to that now, I'm like, there's so many things I would have done differently.''' ,'''I'm glad Metro Station didn't turn out like Jonas Brothers. They need a Disney movie to become famous. Our songs overpower that.''' ,]
+++