+++
author = "Bharti Singh"
title = "Bharti Singh Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Bharti Singh Quotes"
keywords = "bharti singh,bharti singh quotes,bharti singh quote,bharti singh sayings,bharti singh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I share a great bond with Kapil bhai. I may not talk to anyone else but I definitely talk to Kapil and his wife daily.''' ,'''My father passed away when I was two, and my mother was just 22-years-old back then. So young and only soul to take care of three brats. We were highly in debt and our financial condition was really bad. My mother used to work in a factory, and she used to complete the pending work at home.''' ,'''If I go home I'll see poverty, I didn't want to go home. No vegetables today. So make black tea and eat stuffed bread dipped in black tea. The noise from the machine while stitching dupattas. I've heard that for 21 years of my life because my mother used to stitch veils. I still get irked when I listen to it.''' ,'''I am a typical Indian woman, who loves to buy vegetables, cook food and take care of the house.''' ,'''Life is too short to give pain to others. I eat to the fullest, sleep long and make people laugh whole heartedly.''' ,'''Rohit Shetty is one of my favourite people in the industry.''' ,'''I don't even have photos of my father in my house. I don't allow anyone to put them up.''' ,'''In my life, I just have my mother. I don't have a father. When I was just two years old, he passed away.''' ,'''Initially, people didn't believe that Haarsh bought a car for himself and I didn't gift it to him. He bought it from his hard-earned money. He works tirelessly, day in and night out and keeps me really happy. I am so proud of my husband.''' ,'''My sister has seen my father's love and my brother, but not me. But Maniesh, I didn't even get love from my brother in my house, because everyone's busy with their own work. But now, the love I get from my husband has made me realise how a man is supposed to care.''' ,'''I never planned to lose weight. Even when I was born the doctor credited me as an overweight child in the ward. At school too, I was awarded a prize for maximum weight. So it was never like, that being fat was in fashion and I suddenly decided to get it.''' ,'''During the lockdown, I remain busy in household chores. Since there are no domestic helps, we have to everything from sweeping to mopping and washing utensils on our own.''' ,'''When I see people laughing at my jokes, I feel so special. It is much more important than the fame I have achieved.''' ,'''I really want to tell all the girls that even if you are fat, have less hair or have a dark complexion, understand that it is all God's plan. Now I can confidently say that I am more popular than many slim girls. One should love themselves and find their own individuality.''' ,'''I am a pet lover, especially dogs, and have been doing social work even before the lockdown began.''' ,'''When I was overweight, people called me cute.''' ,'''The lockdown has affected all the artistes, especially the daily soap artists and the new faces of the television industry.''' ,'''I don't believe in hiding anything about my personal life.''' ,'''Pizza or pasta do not tingle my taste buds, neither can I digest them.''' ,'''When we were doing 'Khatra Khatra Khatra', I would often talk to all these actors and they mentioned how they would fast for long hours. I decided to give it a try.''' ,'''The last 30-32 years I haven't taken care of myself, and would eat at odd times. That caused a lot of issues and I was even at borderline diabetes.''' ,'''When I came to Mumbai seven years back, I used to hate the fact that I am overweight.''' ,'''I never try to diet. To be successful, talent matters, and not weight.''' ,'''I'm not insecure about my body weight, or my money. I can take care of it. But I can't imagine or think losing my mother. I can't get her back. I would want to go before her.''' ,'''I don't know when will I do movies. I have so much work lined up that I am not able to find time for anything else, already. I love television. All the TV characters are so popular.''' ,'''I work only three days a week, as I have to balance my family and work.''' ,'''While initially I would crave food late at night, I worked hard on it and now my body has accepted the new change. I don't follow any diet, I just don't eat anything between 7 pm-12 pm.''' ,'''I am a funny as well as an emotional person. The comedian inside me cries at times while watching a movie.''' ,'''Sudesh Lahri spotted me in a park playing, and called me for a small role in a play.''' ,]
+++