+++
author = "Selena Gomez"
title = "Selena Gomez Quotes"
quotes_len = "147"
description = "the best 147 Selena Gomez Quotes"
keywords = "selena gomez,selena gomez quotes,selena gomez quote,selena gomez sayings,selena gomez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Success is nothing if you don't have the right people to share it with; you're just gonna end up lonely.''' ,'''You reflect on the people who used to be in your life, and it's like, 'Wow, I can't believe that person was ever really in my life.' But people are put into your life for seasons, for different reasons, and to teach you lessons.''' ,'''You want to do what you love, but stuff overshadows it, so it makes it a little harder for people to take me seriously.''' ,'''I want people to really be inspired, to believe they can do whatever they want.''' ,'''It comes in a moment when I capture something happening, and I go, 'Oh, that would be great for Instagram. I should post it.' I know it's boring, but that's genuinely what I do.''' ,'''Egos turn me off, big time.''' ,'''Everywhere you go you hear things that are untrue. You've just got to learn that if I don't say it, physically out of my mouth, on camera, it's not true.''' ,'''I think it's healthy to gain a perspective on who you are deep down, question yourself, and challenge yourself; it's important to do that.''' ,'''P. Diddy gave me his valet ticket once... because he thought I was the valet lady.''' ,'''I just try to make my home everywhere I go as much as I possibly can.''' ,'''I dress like a 30-year-old woman.''' ,'''The kids are fixing their eyes on social media, and the stories they're looking at may not be the most important things. I'm guilty of that, too. Do you want to look at Instagram or the news? It's a difficult, and weird, situation.''' ,'''I don't actually like dates. I get awkward as I never know what to do.''' ,'''I've said a lot of things: I've said I'm never going to date someone in the business and that I'm never going to date someone outside the business.''' ,'''I love getting scared. I find myself putting myself in situations like haunted houses or going to a haunted hospital for my birthday. Yes, I've actually done that.''' ,'''My attention span is all over the place, and I overthink things. I'm an insomniac.''' ,'''If you have three people in your life that you can trust, you can consider yourself the luckiest person in the whole world.''' ,'''I feel confident. I feel empowered. I feel in control.''' ,'''The guys that do have the confidence to hit on me are not necessarily my type, but they think they are because I'm a pop star; I sing songs, do movies. I like to feel sexy and confident on stage.''' ,'''For me, my music is fun. I don't really take my music that serious.''' ,'''Most of the time, people say negative things for a reaction, and I can't even bear to give them the satisfaction. So there's something that I gain from feeling like I'm the bigger person, from walking away from a situation.''' ,'''Disney is a machine, and I'm grateful for it, but I feel like being part of that environment made me crave the reaction from other projects even more.''' ,'''I'm just happy to do projects I'm passionate about.''' ,'''I just try to be the best I can, but I'm human.''' ,'''I never know if it's the right choice I'm making. It's always weird going from one place to another.''' ,'''I've had my ring since I was 12 years old. But for me it's not something I want to go around saying, 'Hey, look what I have', It's a promise I made to myself and God. I think some people misinterpret that as a trend and think everyone's getting one.''' ,'''I like to have fun. I like to hang out.''' ,'''I still feel like I'm the girl from Texas.''' ,'''The older I've gotten, the more I've learned that I have to open myself up to all opportunities. Maybe I'll get burned and not meet the right people, but I won't know until I do it.''' ,'''I did gain weight, but I don't care.''' ,'''My perfect guy wears converse, is totally laid back, and doesn't worry about being cool.''' ,'''It's not like I've wanted to go out and look for someone. I'm not really good at that.''' ,'''I'm human, I'm not perfect. I make mistakes all the time, but I guess my job is to keep those mistakes to myself, which I'm already fine doing and just try to be the best I can be for those kids.''' ,'''I love to do three easy things in the morning: I'll wash my face, I usually tone it, and then I'll put a little bit of moisturizer on it - not tons, because I have really oily skin. I don't have specific products I'm obsessed with; I just try different things. That's how I've always been.''' ,'''A lot of people would be embarrassed to admit that they were on 'Barney', but I embrace the fact. I just had such a wonderful time doing that show. I learned what a camera and prop is, and all that. I learned my manners too, so I guess that's a good thing!''' ,'''I was a big tomboy.''' ,'''I want to keep pushing myself so I never feel settled. I don't really know if it's going to end up working. I'm stressed out most of the time.''' ,'''I am Christian, and I was very vocal about that at first until people started using it against me. Now I've learned to keep it to myself. I don't think it has anything to do with my job or how present myself. I feel like it got really twisted.''' ,'''I've learned that I want what I deny. I want someone who is crazy about me, who treats me like a princess. I want the picture-perfect fairy tale stuff.''' ,'''My strength is translating emotion because I'm such a feeler.''' ,'''One of the most important things for me is my hair. I've always been about my hair, and I love that my mom and my nana taught me how to take care of it myself. It goes through a lot every day, but I try to keep it healthy. I have to admit, it can get a little dead on the ends.''' ,'''I love Katy Perry! She gave me a song for my second album.''' ,'''I've never been part of a movie I would watch over and over again, and I'm really proud of it.''' ,'''Sometimes fans for male pop stars or actors can be a little crazy. I was that way with Jesse McCartney and N'Sync.''' ,'''I love Nicki Minaj, Eminem, Katy Perry. They are all about being themselves and I love that.''' ,'''I don't really like dressing up. Some people probably think actresses dress up everywhere they go. I'm in sweatpants half the time with my hair in a ponytail.''' ,'''I don't like hiding. I do like to keep certain things to myself, but at the end of the day, I'm eighteen, and I'm going to fall in love.''' ,'''Being cool, having a 'cool' energy is just not attractive to me.''' ,'''I love traveling and touring, but I have to bring the little things that make me feel at home.''' ,'''I believe in second chances, but I don't believe in third or fourth chances.''' ,'''This is a very superficial job. I sit in a chair for two hours and get hair and makeup done and talk about myself in interviews. That's a very vain thing to do. And I do get caught up in it sometimes.''' ,'''I don't trust anyone... It's something that I have to live with, and I have to find the balance of who I want in my life and who isn't good for me.''' ,'''I love running away for a few months and creating a record.''' ,'''I've been a UNICEF ambassador since I was 17.''' ,'''The day I got my first letter from a fan, I felt like I'd been touched by an angel.''' ,'''It's awful walking into a restaurant and having the whole room look at you, knowing what they're saying.''' ,'''There's such an emphasis on people being the perfect thing and then destroying them because it's good press.''' ,'''I never really said I want to be a role model. But then when it happened I was so down for it.''' ,'''I used to say that I wanted someone cute and nice, an actor too, so he'd get it. But now I think it would be good for me to date someone who's not in the business.''' ,'''It's so disappointing that I've become a tabloid story.''' ,'''My past seems to be way more fascinating for people than my future, which bums me out.''' ,'''My happiness is not dictated on this business. Once I realized that, everything kind of changed.''' ,'''People are so terrified of other people. I see it in my generation a lot. There's so much anxiety and angst, and the pressure just keeps getting worse.''' ,'''I can count on one hand the people I could call and who would be there for me.''' ,'''I'm learning that you can be comfortable and still look beautiful.''' ,'''I'm not perfect. I make mistakes.''' ,'''People are so mean, it's exhausting.''' ,'''I want someone honest, someone who's very sweet to my family and friends, and polite to the other people around me.''' ,'''I'm very emotional. When I went through my first breakup, I thought it was the end of the world, and I thought I was going to die if I didn't have him in my life. It was good to cry it out and just scream, or call my friends in the middle of the night crying.''' ,'''There was certain points shooting 'Spring Breakers' where I wasn't uncomfortable at all, and that let me be free. It allowed me to play with what I love, so that's what I wanted to do with my music.''' ,'''I'm young: I've lived my life in the public eye, and I've had to figure out how to do that.''' ,'''I love how Pilates makes me feel, like it opens me up. I have the hardest time breathing, weirdly enough. Even when I have conversations, I need to work on my breathing, so it's something I enjoy because it's peaceful and it helps me relax.''' ,'''My fans are so important to me, and I would never want to disappoint them.''' ,'''I found strength in what hurt me. And in my family - that's my strength as well. I'm truly grateful to be hurt as many times as I have, because I'm happy!''' ,'''I believe in love - yes, I'm one of those girls. Most of my friends believe in love.''' ,'''I don't like the whole off-and-on thing. I don't like 'taking a break.' Either you're with me, or you're not. And that's how I kind of deal.''' ,'''I drive the same car that I've driven since I was 16. That's who I am.''' ,'''I love what I do, I can't imagine doing anything else, but ultimately, my goal is to be happy and have a family. That's my life.''' ,'''I'm going to hang out with people, and I'm going to explore myself, and I'm okay with that.''' ,'''I try to be professional; I try to be on time. I don't take anything I have for granted. That's my definition of success.''' ,'''You can't shut down. You can't say, 'What can I do to make this go away?' You have to let it be painful and get through it. Every day gets better. Because when you're in love, you kind of give everything and make that person your life. So every day, you get more and more of yourself back, and it feels better.''' ,'''I wanted to be like my friends. I hung out with girls who had blue eyes and blond hair and I thought, 'I want to look like them!'''' ,'''I love inspiring people, and I love making good music, but I don't stress about it. I don't think I'm ever going to win a Grammy, and I'm OK with that.''' ,'''It'd be really nice to sit down with all the people who have hurt me and tell them all the reasons that they've affected me.''' ,'''I don't wash my hair every day, which may sound gross, but it's actually really bad for my hair.''' ,'''I think life is very, very, very hard, and I've never had anything come super easy to me, no matter what people may think.''' ,'''It's all about baby steps and trying to figure out how to slowly, elegantly become an adult.''' ,'''You are who you surround yourself with. I know that's such a cliche quote, but it's true.''' ,'''People speculate or think what they want to think, but it's been really fun for me to kind of explore what I want to explore.''' ,'''I like to be adventurous.''' ,'''I'm going to try to pull a Natalie Portman. Natalie went to Harvard while shooting 'Star Wars'. I don't know how she did it. I want to have lunch with her and ask her - that seems like a bunch of stress right there.''' ,'''Dancing allows me to go away and not have to think of what I'm doing next.''' ,'''I don't want people to look at me as someone who is just this celebrity person.''' ,'''I would deactivate every single comment on any social media. You should be able to post what you want, say what you want, be what you want without anybody judging you.''' ,'''I've discovered that anxiety, panic attacks, and depression can be side effects of lupus, which can present their own challenges.''' ,'''Every now and then, I deserve to say what I feel.''' ,'''Acting is something I work really, really hard on that I throw myself into a situation where I do work 18 hours a day. And I do hope to see longevity.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to lie to yourself to get through the criticism, and then you're in your closet crying. It's been like that for me a couple of times, but I only want to learn from those things.''' ,'''I don't really have a structured path of wanting to say, 'This is what I'll do next.' I'm just going to read a bunch of scripts and see which one I love. There are so many things I would love to play, in all different genres.''' ,'''It's insane how much press my Instagram will get. It's weird, in a way, that I can dictate the agenda - but I love being able to have a say in all of that.''' ,'''I'm not the best singer - like, I know I'm not Celine Dion.''' ,'''I realize everybody wants what they don't have. But at the end of the day, what you have inside is much more beautiful than what's on the outside!''' ,'''I would try to promote something that I loved, and the entire interview would be about my personal life. I would leave a room feeling defeated, feeling embarrassed, but I would always make sure to put that smile on my face because I wasn't going to let them get to me.''' ,'''I've been working since I was 7.''' ,'''I like to find things that are unconventional and make them look classic, because if I'm forcing something, you can just tell.''' ,'''I feel like I look 16 sometimes, which is a bummer, because I would love to date older guys.''' ,'''Nobody really knows everything, and they can only assume.''' ,'''I was obsessed with 'The Wizard of Oz.'''' ,'''For a while, my private life was the most talked about thing.''' ,'''My family and I want to start our own organization to work on global warming and a couple of other things.''' ,'''Every day, I start with a workout; I do vocal lessons, I do piano lessons.''' ,'''I talk so much on stage - too much. I always get in trouble. But it's just the best to be able to connect with people.''' ,'''My mom always told me if I love what I'm doing, and I'm having fun, then just continue to do it. But if it's not fun for me anymore, and I'm miserable, then I'm going to go back to Texas and quit it all, to be honest.''' ,'''I really - I just wanna sing. And I wanna show people that I can sing.''' ,'''I always have water, tons of water. It's even in my bathroom because I used to be so bad at drinking water, and I want to stay hydrated.''' ,'''Singing songs that represent everything I am is just the best feeling in the world.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong with a woman being comfortable, confident.''' ,'''I learned everything from that show, so it's just a wonderful memory to me. A lot of people would be embarrassed to admit that they were on 'Barney', but I embrace the fact. I just had such a wonderful time doing that show... I learned what a camera and prop is, and all that. I learned my manners too, so I guess that's a good thing!''' ,'''I'm not sure there's a method to my madness.''' ,'''Ever since I was 16, I've had this lower register, what I thought was a very manly voice, and I was insecure about that. But once I started acting more, I realized it was an asset, and I didn't want to force myself to aim for the highest note possible.''' ,'''I love being able to work with other artists I admire, but I have a lot to do on my own before I am willing to make it all about embracing other people.''' ,'''One of my favorite album covers is Miguel's 'Wildheart.'''' ,'''You fall in love, and it completely consumes you.''' ,'''I usually never sleep in past 10, unless it's the weekend and I had a night out with my friends, because I like to start my day.''' ,'''I think I take my job seriously, but I enjoy my life and I enjoy my friends, and I never really allowed myself to do that before. So I just kind of want to party with everyone.''' ,'''We only have one life, and it is very precious, and there's a lot we can do, and there's a lot we should do.''' ,'''I didn't think I was doing anything bad by falling in love.''' ,'''I cannot drive very well. I drive slow and very safe. I don't know cars that well.''' ,'''I'd love to do my own music for sure. I'd love to have a band.''' ,'''I think love is blind. You don't see it; you don't hear what people are saying or what you're saying. You don't see what you're doing. All you see is the person in front of you. That's it.''' ,'''I'm a kid, and a breakup is normal. I have to go through the emotions and feel it out.''' ,'''I have my moments of insecurity and figuring out what's going on and what I'm supposed to do, but if you don't push yourself, you're not growing, so where do you go?''' ,'''If you are broken, you do not have to stay broken.''' ,'''I have a pretty healthy perspective on what my past music was.''' ,'''I don't know if I would've had the opportunity to be on 'Wizards of Waverly Place' if it weren't for my heritage. I realize everybody wants what they don't have. But at the end of the day, what you have inside is much more beautiful than what's on the outside!''' ,'''I'm super laid back. I'm from Texas. I love my family.''' ,'''I was diagnosed with lupus, and I've been through chemotherapy.''' ,'''I'm in love with love and totally believe in marriage, but that's not even on my radar right now. I am not putting energy into dating.''' ,'''I want someone who can make me laugh and just be normal and understand my lifestyle and how I wanna live it.''' ,'''I maybe had a first love and had my heart broken, but reflecting on it, I don't think that was love. I think as I'm getting older and having more in-depth relationships, maybe I'll experience it. At the moment, I don't know, exactly, if I've been in love.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I have to wash my face. I hate going to bed after a long day not washing my face. It's something I've grown into. When I was younger, I didn't care.''' ,'''Authenticity is my life.''' ,'''I wanted to do things that I knew were going to be me.''' ,'''I'm a young woman, and I'm growing up and trying to do it in a way I feel comfortable with.''' ,'''I have a lot of wonderful people in my life - probably five, collectively - who I can tell everything to.''' ,'''My mom would still be mad if I didn't say 'please' and 'thank you.'''' ,'''I have a weakness for anything savory or bad guys. Bad boys.''' ,]
+++