+++
author = "Nayib Bukele"
title = "Nayib Bukele Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Nayib Bukele Quotes"
keywords = "nayib bukele,nayib bukele quotes,nayib bukele quote,nayib bukele sayings,nayib bukele saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you have your own people fleeing their homes it's not because they found a job somewhere else... then you have something to fix in your country.''' ,'''Lawmakers are scandalized when they see a soldier, but they were not scandalized when gang members entered the Legislative Assembly to negotiate the lives of Salvadorans.''' ,'''For us, the government of Venezuelan Nicolas Maduro is not a government that allows democratic plurality. It does not allow for there to be a real opposition, and that is not democratic.''' ,'''What is at risk are the lives of hard-working Salvadoran families. In fact, unchecked violence was one of the main drivers of immigration from this country to the United States.''' ,'''If the cost is lowering one's ego and a bit of money, so be it.''' ,'''I believe that the way politics has been done in the country is wrong. It has always been based on alliances that don't have the well-being of the people as their first priority.''' ,'''We can send all the blame to any government we like. We can say President Trump's policies are wrong. We can say Mexico's policies are wrong. But, what about our blame?''' ,'''If the U.S. government is serious about fighting irregular migration, it should support and encourage legal migration.''' ,'''We'll invest in infrastructure and productive infrastructure like railroads and ports and bridges and schools, things that will have a return, economic return or social return.''' ,'''I think migration is a right, but it should be an option, not an obligation.''' ,'''Rather than focusing on my attempts to protect the Salvadoran people, the media should focus on why the National Assembly continues failing the people of El Salvador.''' ,'''President Trump is very nice and cool... and I'm nice and cool too.''' ,'''We have said it loud and clear: Regardless of whether it involves someone from our party or any other party, whoever it is, the Cicies will have to act against a corrupt person.''' ,'''The United States should always side with the good guys.''' ,'''So if people have an opportunity for a decent job, a decent education, a decent health care system and security, I know that forceful migration will be reduced to zero.''' ,'''El Salvador needs to be friends with the United States. It is an imperative for us.''' ,'''We have a problem that we have to fix in El Salvador - We have been sending migrants to the United States and elsewhere since the '80s and now we have almost a quarter of our population living abroad.''' ,'''People don't flee their homes because they want to, people flee their homes because they feel they have to. Why? Because they don't have a job, because they are being threatened by gangs, because they don't have basic things like water, education, health.''' ,'''We want to be friends with China, but China has to be friends with us. I don't mean money or investment, but respect.''' ,'''I started being president when I was 37. I don't wanna be out - I'm gonna be out of the presidency at 42. I really don't wanna be in jail at 43, right? So I mean I'm not here to steal money.''' ,'''China does not play by the rules; they do not respect the rules. They develop projects that are not feasible, leaving countries with huge debt that cannot be paid back and use that as financial leverage.''' ,'''We will make a country that is more prosperous and that can provide decent paying jobs for all of our people.''' ,'''It is obvious, our country has failed to provide two basic things which are the two main drivers of immigration, which are the lack of economic opportunity and a lack of security.''' ,'''The police is using decaying equipment. The military, which has also been on the front lines in combating domestic terrorism, has been doing so with outdated and insufficient equipment.''' ,'''It is clear that there has been money, but it has gone to line the pockets of the corrupt.''' ,'''Everybody wants to be home. People will rather stay at their home with little than risk everything to try to find more.''' ,'''How much would Italy give to be in our position and be able to declare a quarantine before having thousands of cases? We are facing a pandemic with an incredible virility that has probably never been seen before.''' ,'''We're trying to challenge the gangs, not by repression, but by competing to get the young people to our side.''' ,'''Sometimes what's recommended to the people is something different than what's recommended to the leaders, because I have been recommended to use hydroxychloroquine as a prophylaxis and the probability of this harming you is very low.''' ,'''Just as I would not abide by a resolution ordering me to kill Salvadorans. I also cannot abide by a resolution that orders me to let them die.''' ,'''It's our responsibility to create the conditions where people don't want to flee our country.''' ,'''The police and armed forces must prioritize safeguarding their lives, those of their companions and of honest citizens. The use of lethal force is authorized in self-defense or in defense of the lives of Salvadoreans.''' ,'''The people are going to be able to judge for themselves who is supporting corruption and who is against it.''' ,'''There's a clamor among the Salvadoran people to combat corruption.''' ,]
+++