+++
author = "Hayley Williams"
title = "Hayley Williams Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Hayley Williams Quotes"
keywords = "hayley williams,hayley williams quotes,hayley williams quote,hayley williams sayings,hayley williams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me, embracing my own power is about embracing my right to be an individual.''' ,'''Paramore will be the neighbor that comes over for tea and never leaves.''' ,''''Looper' was so brilliant, and it took me forever to finally see it, but the way that movie ends and the message behind that is so selfless.''' ,'''I just feel like bands always need to work harder than the hardest working band. You need to constantly be one-upping yourself and surprising yourself at how hard that you'll work and devote yourself to your craft.''' ,'''I learn every day what it means to love myself, and I'm constantly figuring out what makes me feel empowered.''' ,'''Performing is the craziest workout for me, because I feel like, on the first day of tour, I'm going nuts. Halfway through, I'm just so tired but obviously you keep pushing yourself because you have fans watching you.''' ,'''Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand.''' ,'''Being on my own in a studio is really, really different than making music with the band. I can't say I necessarily enjoy it more, but it was just a new experience for me.''' ,'''I'm not sorry for who I am.''' ,'''Oh yeah, I don't eat a lot of candy on tour. When I get home, man, I love candy. Oh, man, and ice cream. I can't eat it on tour because of the sugar and my throat.''' ,'''I met P. Diddy. Or Diddy. I like to call him Puffy because, let's be honest, that's who he is.''' ,'''I stay away from dairy and I drink almond milk now. And I've also found that eating breakfast, like waking up and actually having it, helps me stay way healthy.''' ,'''Whether I'm being influenced by new music that I'm listening to, books I've read, my friends, or my faith, I'm learning all the time.''' ,'''My mom was a huge Adam and the Ants fan. My granddad listened to a lot of Motown and Elvis and Johnny Cash. So I was kind of well-rounded.''' ,'''I know a lot of people think L.A. and they see a picture in their head, but those people obviously don't know me, because I sit on a couch every day. That's my idea of a good time - just being in a sweat suit.''' ,'''The truth is, no matter what your lifestyle or occupation, nothing can really stop you when you're allowing yourself to be exactly who you want to be.''' ,'''What motivates me is seeing people in the crowd and wondering what they're going home to and what they're dealing with, and knowing that for the time being we're their escape.''' ,'''No, I'm not a vegetarian. I do eat that way. I actually eat vegan quite a lot. I feel better when I eat that way, and I think there's been a lot of proof that's come up over the last however many years, that you can't deny, I don't think, that meat or dairy aren't all that good for us.''' ,'''I tend to enjoy proving people wrong.''' ,'''When I was in elementary school, I was a big fan of the zip-off pants that could be turned into shorts. The Delia's catalog used to be my bible.''' ,'''I always knew I wanted to be in a band.''' ,'''I think it's important for bands to rough it. Whether you're in a van or a bus, it's still tough. You still have to stand in a two hour catering line with flies everywhere in the heat, and you still have to lug your gear.''' ,'''I enjoy punk, the attitude as well as the music, but I don't feel like I have to be a carbon copy of it and invite all this controversy just to be punk rock.''' ,'''People perceive punk rock in the sense of Sid Vicious, all strung-out, crazy and insane.''' ,'''The choices that we make aren't always perfect but it's ok... It's part of the journey.''' ,]
+++