+++
author = "Felipe Anderson"
title = "Felipe Anderson Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Felipe Anderson Quotes"
keywords = "felipe anderson,felipe anderson quotes,felipe anderson quote,felipe anderson sayings,felipe anderson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If an opportunity shows up, or when I present myself at Lazio, I have to present myself very well.''' ,'''It's certainly been very important to have my own family with me. They came with me to Italy, left what they had in Brazil and also adapted to a new country, new culture and new language was difficult but having their support in the good and bad times was fantastic.''' ,'''I just want to do my best for the club, win as many titles as possible.''' ,'''I always dreamed one day to be playing in the Premier League and I am settled here already.''' ,'''I am happy with what I have done until now, but there are things I would like to improve. I would like to do more, there is always margin to grow and reduce mistakes, fix things to get things perfect.''' ,'''I didn't speak much Italian. I did a few courses so I knew a bit before I got there but you have to be there to learn. When I went out for lunch or dinner on my own it was very complicated to order. I spent two months eating the same thing. I always asked for spaghetti carbonara and a fizzy drink. Then I had to diet to lose the weight I gained.''' ,'''I understand almost everything in English. I am just not 100 per cent on numbers, so when I am out I am comfortable ordering food but when I am paying, I have to make sure I am paying the right amount!''' ,'''If you take your eye off the ball or lose focus for even a minute you can lose a game against any team.''' ,'''My favourite museum is the British Museum.''' ,'''Every player dreams of playing for a team like United.''' ,'''I do try to get to a new part of London every week, visit a museum once or twice a week if possible.''' ,'''The Premier League is the best league in the world, and it is very well regarded if you get a chance to play in it.''' ,'''There were times when we didn't have enough food on the table. When it came to the end of the month, I could see my parents were sad because they were unable to give us the best. They had lots of debts. Sometimes they had arguments about it.''' ,'''I have always enjoyed dribbling. That has been a key part of my game and you do get quite a lot of space in England. But the game is very intense and it is difficult to keep it up for the 90 minutes.''' ,'''I was the youngest member of my family and I had always been protected but then I had the opportunity to move very far away at the age of 13.''' ,]
+++