+++
author = "Brady Jandreau"
title = "Brady Jandreau Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Brady Jandreau Quotes"
keywords = "brady jandreau,brady jandreau quotes,brady jandreau quote,brady jandreau sayings,brady jandreau saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Horsemanship and the cowboy lifestyle and my culture as a Native American are all three things that are very, very important to me.''' ,'''I was baptized Catholic, but I don't - I'm just a Christian. Anybody that has any room to judge any other Christian isn't very Christian to begin with.''' ,'''Something good always comes from something bad.''' ,'''After my head injury, I was, like, bipolar, an emotional wreck.''' ,'''Some people just don't understand people who eat meat and ride animals.''' ,'''You cannot break a horse until they're about 2 years old. You can halter-break them, meaning teach them how to lead and stuff, if you choose to, but you can't really break them until they're 2 because there aren't developed enough, you know what I mean? It would be like a 5-year-old playing football or something, you know?''' ,'''I've worked with horses since I was a little kid.''' ,'''When a horse offers their face to you, they're interested in what you are, what you're doing. They're paying attention.''' ,'''My wife and I started a breeding program where we breed American quarter horses.''' ,'''I'm not that educated in filmmaking.''' ,'''A horse, you know, they can't say, 'Hi? How are you? I'm so-and-so,' you know? So they communicate through typically smelling or, you know, just body language. And when a horse approaches another horse, the first thing they do is they smell noses.''' ,'''God saved my life.''' ,'''When I was young, kids who were more Native American than me would call me 'white boy.' To my white friends, I was 'that Indian kid.'''' ,'''I think about rodeo every day. I miss it. It's what gave me purpose.''' ,'''I would truly risk my life to keep doing what I love.''' ,'''I have horrible headaches three or four times a week easily. I get really dizzy in the heat; my headaches are worse in the heat when I'm working and stuff.''' ,'''I've always been up for a challenge, and you gotta connect with the camera and the audience the same way you gotta connect with the horse.''' ,'''I don't think you're very strong unless you've cried a few tears. You've never really lived.''' ,'''I'm a cowboy and an Indian.''' ,'''Sioux was always a horse culture, especially the Lakota Sioux. My mom is from Pine Ridge Indian Reservation; my dad is from a Sioux Indian reservation. Both tribes are Lakota.''' ,'''I've already told so many people my stories.''' ,'''My part of the world - it's like time forgot it almost.''' ,'''My dad - I mean, we've had our ups and downs, you know, just like any father and son probably has. But, you know, we get along really good, honestly.''' ,'''Not everybody's life is a movie.''' ,'''I went through a lot of pretty intense struggles in my life, through my head injury, whether it was mental or psychological.''' ,]
+++