+++
author = "Anson Mount"
title = "Anson Mount Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Anson Mount Quotes"
keywords = "anson mount,anson mount quotes,anson mount quote,anson mount sayings,anson mount saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't go to movies for redemption - if I want that, I'll go to church!''' ,'''Life fundamentally does not change depending on work or fame or success.''' ,'''I can't claim I'm truly a man's man, I'm just as much of a dork and a crybaby sometimes as anybody else.''' ,'''The whole cable-TV original programming just changed the nature of television.''' ,'''I'm not interested in the heroes or the villains. I'm interested in playing people.''' ,'''I'm a goofball.''' ,'''I don't care about sympathy. I care about playing a character who's understandable and clear.''' ,'''For me, acting is play. It's just play and it's playing make believe really, really well.''' ,'''I think the American Western laid down a kind of subject matter that's about following your instinct or following your gut and having a sort of removed quality from your humanity. And I think Clint Eastwood helped to establish that.''' ,'''I don't know how to put on any tough guy pretensions.''' ,'''I think all of us have a hero and a villain in us.''' ,'''I grew up in the South, so a huge part of our American History education revolved around the Civil War.''' ,'''I like science fiction. I took all the accelerated classes in school. I'm kind of a dork.''' ,'''You don't need to like your protagonists.''' ,'''I like being able to be a man.''' ,'''I grew up hunting with shotguns and rifles, and we had a gun in every corner of the living room. I'm not a gun advocate, but that's the way I grew up.''' ,'''Good and bad are really arbitrary words when it comes to character.''' ,'''I love getting paid to ride a horse.''' ,'''It's really rare that you come across a Southern character that's not stereotyped, vilified or aggrandized.''' ,'''When you're in school until you're 25 and you get out and suddenly structure is not handed to you, if you're smart you realize that you need to create structure for yourself.''' ,'''In the last two or three decades, there's been a feminization of the man in popular media that I've never really understood.''' ,'''I'm an enemy of exposition. I feel there's no need to overstate.''' ,'''About once a year, I do these long-distance relays with some friends of mine, and it takes about 27 or 28 hours to complete it.''' ,'''I love the long-form format of television. I love being able to develop a character, over a long period of time.''' ,'''I grew up in a place where a lot of my friends had horses, so I grew up riding. But I'm not an expert.''' ,'''I like my work to stand on its own as much as possible.''' ,]
+++