+++
author = "Jorge Cruise"
title = "Jorge Cruise Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Jorge Cruise Quotes"
keywords = "jorge cruise,jorge cruise quotes,jorge cruise quote,jorge cruise sayings,jorge cruise saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everything we've been taught about health, weight loss and aging is wrong.''' ,'''Every pound of muscle burns approximately 50 calories every day, just doing nothing.''' ,'''I'm not against working out. It's just not effective for weight loss. I like strength training to tone and firm the body so you look tight. But working out just makes you hungrier.''' ,'''In our world, 80 to 90 percent of women's weight gain comes from overindulging in insulin-stimulating food. And it's not hardcore, straight-up, I-can-see you-in-the-face sugar. They're eating whole-wheat bread. They're eating ancient grains. They're eating black beans. That stuff is horrible.''' ,'''You have to be a mindful eater. There has to be intention in what you do in your life if you're going to be happy and authentic. Food isn't supposed to be entertainment in the way that your kids, your work, and your relationship are.''' ,'''I believe in the magic of preparation. You can make just about any foods taste wonderful by adding herbs and spices. Experiment with garlic, cilantro, basil and other fresh herbs on vegetables to make them taste great.''' ,'''A small pepperoni pizza on a tortilla is healthier than salmon teriyaki with rice and carrots.''' ,'''The only secret to food combination is a balance of protein, carbs and fat - they all play a key role in our health.''' ,'''If you want to lose weight, whole-wheat bread, couscous, and quinoa are evil.''' ,'''The 3-hour Diet is absolutely safe - in fact it's not a diet, it's a lifestyle! Once you reach your goal weight, you just adjust the portion sizes slightly to maintain that optimal weight.''' ,]
+++