+++
author = "Lisa"
title = "Lisa Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Lisa Quotes"
keywords = "lisa,lisa quotes,lisa quote,lisa sayings,lisa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I hang out with my cats, watch Netflix and try to sleep as long as I can.''' ,'''Never give up on your dreams, no matter how painful and difficult your journey is.''' ,'''For those who aspire to become K-pop artists, I'd like to say 'Have confidence and love yourself.'''' ,'''I love wearing baggy jackets and tops. I love those kinds of jerseys with lines on them as well. I love sneakers too, especially white sneakers, and I like knitted hats too.''' ,'''I think it's important to know what you want to do and push forth with it.''' ,'''I was a mama's girl. So when I had to go to Korea without mom, I felt that I had to take care of myself now. I was 14, such a kid. I didn't speak any Korean. I only knew how to say 'hello,' so it really was a new start.''' ,'''It is acceptable to have no eyeliner, but mascara is a must.''' ,'''We're in the same company as 2NE1 and we get our songs from the same producers, so the influence is natural. Since they've done a lot of things before us, we want to emulate them. But at the same time, we hope there will soon be an opportunity to show our own unique color. We want to succeed with our own unique color.''' ,'''MAC is truly at the forefront of trendsetting, which reminds me every time I see a MAC campaign or the incredible looks their artists create backstage at fashion weeks around the world. It's an honor to partner with a brand with such an incredible heritage and unrivaled expertise in makeup artistry.''' ,'''We all tried rapping, we all tried singing, we all tried different kinds of styles and performances, so we naturally found our perfect spot.''' ,'''I'm not really good in English.''' ,'''We are big fans of 'Candy Crush.' While we are on tour, we spend a lot of time in transit and in hotel rooms, which is when we tend to play the most.''' ,'''The first MAC product I used was a lip product.''' ,'''What I would like to say is make sure you know what you really want to do and do it. And also I want to say, if not now then when?''' ,'''I can't list all the influences that Lady Gaga has given me and my generation.''' ,'''I have always been a big fan of MAC! I like how the brand turns makeup into a form of self-expression which always gives me great confidence on stage.''' ,'''We're workaholics!''' ,'''I hope people don't know what to expect from us, except for something better than before. We want to be unpredictable.''' ,'''During my training, we had monthly assessments. It was my first time doing makeup by myself, and I did not even know how to draw on the eyebrows. Since then, I started to look for makeup related videos on YouTube and naturally became more interested.''' ,'''Jennie would speak English to me, and Jisoo helped me out with my Korean.''' ,'''Together with MAC, I am excited to invite and empower more audiences as we both have individuality and diversity at our core.''' ,'''In Thailand, K-pop is really big, with all the cover dance groups.''' ,'''If we had to pick our group's specialty, it would be performance.''' ,'''To me, Celine is unrivaled, and Hedi Slimane has such a multifaceted talent - from clothing design to photography. He creates this rare, incredible, and desirable world through his vision. I'm always inspired by his work.''' ,'''Since I was a little girl, I have always been interested in make-up and fashion.''' ,'''To me, beauty is confidence. I think beauty comes from one's confident inner self and attitude. Make-up and styling are the cherries on top of your beautiful inner-self!''' ,'''It doesn't matter if we grow old and get replaced by a new younger generation as long as there is still someone talking about us because they will still remember how we shone so bright.''' ,'''If you trust in yourself and fight for it until the end, your dreams will come true.''' ,'''Being the first-ever non-Korean artist at YG, it feels as if I have much more responsibility.''' ,'''Blackpink members and my fans are my driving forces.''' ,'''We've learned a lot of dance genres that a lot of girl groups tend not to learn, and we think those things will be a point of differentiation when we perform on stage.''' ,'''Had I not become a singer, I may have been a photographer.''' ,'''I'd like a man much older than me, who can take care of me.''' ,'''Being home for the holidays is one of my happiest memories.''' ,]
+++