+++
author = "Byron Dorgan"
title = "Byron Dorgan Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Byron Dorgan Quotes"
keywords = "byron dorgan,byron dorgan quotes,byron dorgan quote,byron dorgan sayings,byron dorgan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Working hard and working smart sometimes can be two different things.''' ,'''The taxpayers deserve accountability.''' ,'''I am not someone who believes we should build a fence around our country but I do believe there ought to be some fairness with respect to the rules of this globalization.''' ,'''When we ask American men and women in uniform to fight for this country and to defend this country's interest and then to send them overseas, there is no question we have an obligation to protect them and provide for their safety.''' ,'''When businesses face tough times, one of the first items they cut is overhead expenses. The government should do the same.''' ,'''If the Administration does nothing, high gasoline prices will continue to increasingly burden our economy, taking millions of dollars out of the hands of families and putting it straight into the pockets of OPEC.''' ,'''Nowhere in this country should we have laws that permit drinking and driving or drinking in vehicles that are on American highways. This is not rocket science. We know how to prevent this, and 36 states do.''' ,'''If you talk about preemption you better know things rather than think things.''' ,'''The Bush Administration and the Congress have to stop ignoring this crisis in international trade. The longer we ignore it, the more American jobs will move overseas. It's just that simple.''' ,'''You can delegate authority, but you cannot delegate responsibility.''' ,'''This galloping concentration in broadcast ownership is unhealthy.''' ,'''I don't feel responsible for things I didn't vote for.''' ,'''This country needs to get a backbone and stand up for its economic interest.''' ,'''We need leadership, and we need it now.''' ,'''Is there decency left in American politics?''' ,'''People habitat has to take priority over bird habitat.''' ,'''All of us aspire to give our children something more, leave a country to our children that is a better one, a stronger one, with better jobs and growth and opportunity.''' ,'''There is no social program in this country that is as important as a good job that pays well, that gives someone an opportunity to go to work, have some security, have benefits, and take care of their family and have a good life.''' ,'''This country is about, in my judgment, aggressive, open debate. There is an old saying: When everyone is thinking the same thing, no one is thinking very much.''' ,'''I am proud to be in the Senate. I have always been proud to be a part of our political system. It is a remarkable privilege to participate in this system of ours.''' ,'''I came into American politics and into this political system proud of politics and the way we make decisions.''' ,'''The U.S. Constitution is the basic framework for the greatest democracy on Earth. Some of my colleagues find it easy to amend it. I don't.''' ,]
+++