+++
author = "Asha Parekh"
title = "Asha Parekh Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Asha Parekh Quotes"
keywords = "asha parekh,asha parekh quotes,asha parekh quote,asha parekh sayings,asha parekh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I started as a child artist, and not as a heroine, as most would think. I was performing on stage once when the late Bimal Roy saw me and asked me if I would work in films. I was too tiny. Without realising, I just said yes.''' ,'''Not many know but I did maximum films with Sunil Dutt, who was a thorough gentleman and enthusiastic about everything. He loved making tea for everybody on the sets and that is how I formed habit of having four to five cups of tea in a day.''' ,'''We were to work in a film titled 'Zabardast'. Unfortunately, this film didn't take off. After this, I never got another chance to work with him, I regret not having worked with Dilip Kumar.''' ,'''I lost my parents. I was totally alone and I had to manage everything all alone. It did put me in depression.''' ,'''I feel autobiographies should be written when you're retiring and there's so much to talk about as you've been working for so many years then. It becomes more interesting and there's more material to go in the autobiography.''' ,'''My mother was like a backbone for me in my life. She would always push me ahead.''' ,'''Though not into films, my family was associated with films. My grandparents financed films. They didn't like me getting into films. But, destiny willed it so.''' ,'''I realised I was a 'star' when my first film Dil Deke Dekho was released after being rejected before. It was a very big thing for me.''' ,'''I met my share of boys but the end result was always the same - they weren't the right kind of men for me.''' ,'''My parents had an inter-reli'gious marriage. My father is a Gujarati and my mother a Bohri Muslim. I am an only child. My par'ents loved me very much, but were very strict: I was a tomboy, always among boys, playing, fighting.''' ,'''I did 500 shows of 'Chaula Devi' and 700 shows of 'Anarkali'. I never mixed the filmy style with classical arts and kept my stage performances pure and it was appreciated.''' ,'''I enjoyed all my films equally. I have loved working in all the movies which I signed. Whenever I used to like the script and the director only then I would say yes for the movie otherwise it was a complete no.''' ,'''Of course there should be women empowerment, women should get every right. They need to fight for it because the society doesn't look at women equally, and that's not fair.''' ,'''Marriage is not all rainbows and butterflies; you have to give in to your partner's whims every now and then, and that's a two-way street.''' ,'''I did 6-7 films as a child. But it was taking a toll on my studies. So I went back to being a full-time student at JB Petit here in Mumbai.''' ,'''There was a time when the directors would sign me first and then go to the hero. There was a time when on my name a film used to be sold.''' ,'''There was someone from China who came down to my house and locked himself outside the gate. He wanted to marry me and created a lot of trouble. I had to eventually report to the police and put him behind the bars.''' ,'''In fact, I never gave up doing dance shows despite films and even started my own dance school.''' ,'''Over time, my mother also gave up her dream of seeing me as a bride because whomever she showed my horoscope to would say my marriage wouldn't be a successful one. It was not the kind of thing I believed in, but it did grant me some semblance of peace.''' ,'''Depression can take you into a black hole, so it is terrible.''' ,'''The release of my first film was a very memorable event in my life. It was stardom overnight. There was a very big premiere.''' ,'''I could not do Satyajit Ray's 'Kanchenjunga' because I had already committed the daters he wanted to shoot on to other producers.''' ,'''My era was a totally different time. it was indeed a golden era as you say because something magical was there. I mean family and bonding. What more do I say? The films had a lot of warmth and affection.''' ,'''People mistake the thrill of early love for a relationship that is capable of braving storms and get disillusioned when they find out that their partner isn't perfect.''' ,'''I feel blessed and lucky that some of the film industry's most magical and iconic songs where legendary composers and singers have collaborated have been filmed on me.''' ,'''I know I admitted to being in love with Nasir Hussain in 'The Hit Girl', but as much as I loved him, I could never consider breaking up his family and traumatising his children. It was far simpler and satisfying to be on my own.''' ,'''I was a dancer, so it was easy for me to dance in films. I had studied Kathak, Bharatnatyam, Kuchipudi, Odisi and Kathakali much before I even thought of becoming an actor.''' ,'''On the top you are always lonely.''' ,'''My mother was very keen I learn dance and I learnt so many forms.''' ,'''But since I did my first film with Shammi Kapoor ji, he is my favourite. I was very shy to face the camera. In my first few shots with Shammi chacha, I was very nervous. He was very patient with me and guided me in every shot.''' ,'''Nowadays, all actresses wear gowns and trot all over the place. However, our sarees would look more elegant, and yet so appealing. So, my advice to all heroines is: start wearing sarees as well, to look more beautiful!''' ,'''For me fortunately, my mother was my backbone. She was an independent and fierce woman, and she made sure I am too. She wanted me to be a brave person.''' ,]
+++