+++
author = "Barbara Bush"
title = "Barbara Bush Quotes"
quotes_len = "73"
description = "the best 73 Barbara Bush Quotes"
keywords = "barbara bush,barbara bush quotes,barbara bush quote,barbara bush sayings,barbara bush saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not a one-issue person.''' ,'''Believe in something larger than yourself... get involved in the big ideas of your time.''' ,'''Nobody likes a child to die or losing an election.''' ,'''I don't like the blame game, though.''' ,'''Never ask anyone over 70 how they feel. They'll tell you.''' ,'''Well, look at what people are doing for returned veterans now. The wounded warriors. They're working hard to make the wounded veterans feel that they are loved and welcomed home, unlike Vietnam. It was not a very kind, gentle world then. I think we are kinder and gentler.''' ,'''Raising five boys is a handful, trust me.''' ,'''My health is very good.''' ,'''Nancy Reagan was a perfectionist, and I am not.''' ,'''Everything I worry about would be better if more people could read, write and comprehend.''' ,'''I'm not being outspoken or pro or con abortion.''' ,'''You don't just luck into things as much as you would like to think you do. You build step by step, whether it is friendships or opportunities.''' ,'''I'm a great believer that the most important years are the sort of early years but the preschool years and then into the first and second grades. If you get a good base in the first and second grade and you can read, you can do anything.''' ,'''I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.''' ,'''You get nothing done if you don't listen to each other.''' ,'''I've done it all.''' ,'''My worst expectations never happened.''' ,'''You know sit with your arm around a little kid and read. It not only teaches them to read but it keeps the family strong.''' ,'''I'm taking a vow not to advise.''' ,'''You can't tell a 6-year-old your sister is going to die.''' ,'''The state dinner is almost a formula, but you try to make it interesting. You try not to overload it with too many political types. You try to get a cross section.''' ,'''I don't like attacking.''' ,'''Value your friendship. Value your relationships.''' ,'''To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there.''' ,'''The personal things should be left out of, in my opinion, out of platforms and conventions.''' ,'''The personal things should be left out of platforms at conventions. You can argue yourself blue in the face, and you're not going to change each other's minds. It's a waste of your time and my time.''' ,'''I mean you can learn how to build a bullet or build a gun or build a bomb on the Internet.''' ,'''Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.''' ,'''You have to love your children unselfishly. That's hard. But it's the only way.''' ,'''Raising George Walker was not easy.''' ,'''I'm not a competitive person, and I think women like me because they don't think I'm competitive, just nice.''' ,'''I really built myself up, darn it, to be very strong.''' ,'''Nobody likes, you know, the ugly parts of politics.''' ,'''I hate abortions, but just could not make that choice for someone else.''' ,'''Family and friends and faith are the most important things in your life and you should be building friendships.''' ,'''I married the first man I ever kissed. When I tell this to my children, they just about throw up.''' ,'''Somewhere out in this audience may even be someone who will one day follow my footsteps, and preside over the White House as the president's spouse. I wish him well!''' ,'''One thing I can say about George... he may not be able to keep a job, but he's not boring.''' ,'''Cherish your human connections - your relationships with friends and family.''' ,'''If human beings are perceived as potentials rather than problems, as possessing strengths instead of weaknesses, as unlimited rather that dull and unresponsive, then they thrive and grow to their capabilities.''' ,'''I'm a little old-fashioned.''' ,'''You may think the president is all-powerful, but he is not. He needs a lot of guidance from the Lord.''' ,'''It was the dumbest thing I had ever seen, but it's a family thing, and I guess it's clean.''' ,'''You try to do something every single day that will help an American or maybe someone overseas.''' ,'''It seems to me I spent my life in car pools, but you know, that's how I kept track of what was going on.''' ,'''The winner of the hoop race will be the first to realize her dream, not society's dream, her own personal dream.''' ,'''I'm not going to jump out of airplanes or anything like someone else I know.''' ,'''Giving frees us from the familiar territory of our own needs by opening our mind to the unexplained worlds occupied by the needs of others.''' ,'''Let's judge a man on what he's done.''' ,'''I really loved living in the White House, but I don't miss it at all.''' ,'''I don't think that's healthy for the country when anyone thinks their morals are better than anyone else's.''' ,'''I mean Afghanistan is a very rugged, complicated country.''' ,'''My son, George, has been a bad, bad boy! Right, George?''' ,'''When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.''' ,'''I do have the most marvelous husband, children, and grandchildren.''' ,'''Life has changed enormously, and I hope - I hope more people read good things.''' ,'''You just don't luck into things as much as you'd like to think you do. You build step by step, whether it's friendships or opportunities.''' ,'''If you are the wife of a governor or the wife of a vice president, I think you can be prepared for it.''' ,'''I may be the only mother in America who knows exactly what their child is up to all the time.''' ,'''At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent.''' ,'''Suddenly women's lib had made me feel my life had been wasted.''' ,'''You know, for one glorious half hour, I was the mother of the president-elect.''' ,'''And who knows? Somewhere out there in this audience may even be someone who will one day follow my footsteps, and preside over the White House as the president's spouse. I wish him well!''' ,'''I really feel very strongly that the person who runs for office is the courageous one, and the one who everybody has to know.''' ,'''People who worry about their hair all the time, frankly, are boring.''' ,'''Bias has to be taught. If you hear your parents downgrading women or people of different backgrounds, why, you are going to do that.''' ,'''I hate the fact that people think 'compromise' is a dirty word.''' ,'''I'm worried about parents who aren't parenting.''' ,'''Three publishers came to me at the White House after George lost and said, 'We would like to publish your book.' I said, 'Well, I don't have a book,' and they said well it's a well known fact that you have kept diaries.''' ,'''I want to still be able to garden while I can bend over.''' ,'''I decided I ought to pick a project that would not be controversial, that would not really cost the government a lot of money.''' ,'''I have a pig valve.''' ,'''I'm tired now of the elections.''' ,]
+++