+++
author = "Paz Vega"
title = "Paz Vega Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Paz Vega Quotes"
keywords = "paz vega,paz vega quotes,paz vega quote,paz vega sayings,paz vega saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am only an actress when they say, 'action' and I stop being an actress when they say, 'cut'. I am a normal person outside of acting.''' ,'''My style go with me. It depend how I feel, what is my state of mind.''' ,'''All my life is in Spain. I will stay.''' ,'''For me, the family is more important, of course! I don't want to change my family, or situation, for work. But I think it is possible for these things not to fight each other.''' ,'''In Europe people don't worry about the body.''' ,'''My family is very traditional, Catholic.''' ,'''My husband is from Venezuela and he cries when he needs to cry!''' ,'''My ambition is to not have to work any more. In 10 years I want to stop, and I want to be living with my family, taking care of my house. I want to be a housewife.''' ,'''A pregnancy is a marvelous moment that I would love to repeat and repeat.''' ,'''I've brought the traditions from Spain to the United States: spending the afternoons with my husband and my son, enjoying the little things.''' ,'''I felt, this is what I want to be in my life. I want to be an actress.''' ,'''Hollywood has treated me well.''' ,'''It's interesting to see these lives from places I may never go unfold on screen.''' ,'''America, I like the spirit. Because American people here believe in something. I like that spirit.''' ,'''I want to have roles in English.''' ,'''Not understanding anything is terrible, because I communicate very much in my real life.''' ,'''I never slept outside of my home.''' ,'''Asian people have a unique way about them and a different sense of beauty. It's exotic to me. I like they way Asians project their feelings. There's a hardness to the culture, but at the same time there's a delicateness.''' ,'''Bullfighters are Seville's heroes.''' ,'''I loved working with kids because the energy is great.''' ,'''People in Seville are very happy, the lifestyle here is very relaxed, you can walk everywhere; it's very easy.''' ,'''Big dress, cocktails, party - I love that. It is my work, but my work allow me to have glamour, to wear beautiful and amazing dresses, to go to big ceremonies.''' ,'''I cook croquetas, and I eat jamon. I keep my diet 100% Mediterranean and drink my Rioja. In that sense, I have a piece of Spain in West Hollywood.''' ,'''We are a very typical Spanish family - a bullfighter, an actress, a flamenco dancer and singer!''' ,'''Personally I have always liked boys, but if it's a girl, marvelous, because I was raised among women.''' ,'''It's very difficult to decide. And I'm very open to proposals.''' ,'''I'm not the new Penelope Cruz. I'm Paz Vega. There's only one Penelope and she's marvellous.''' ,'''I'm sure the movie industry is going up but I would love to see more Chinese films about contemporary Chinese about the problems of life on the street.''' ,'''My father was a bullfighter.''' ,'''I don't want to play only Latin women. I want to have roles in English.''' ,'''I like small stories.''' ,'''For me, everything is cool.''' ,'''I think it is important to maintain your personality, your roots, very important.''' ,]
+++