+++
author = "Chris Pratt"
title = "Chris Pratt Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Chris Pratt Quotes"
keywords = "chris pratt,chris pratt quotes,chris pratt quote,chris pratt sayings,chris pratt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Most of the writers in TV are from L.A. or New York, and those are places where people are cynical and snarky. And they fly from L.A. to New York in an airplane over this vast, expansive land where people aren't snarky; they're a lot more like the 'Parks and Rec' characters.''' ,'''Television is such an evolving medium. When you're doing a TV show, it's not like you just shoot for six weeks and you're in an editing room with all of your footage. It's like a guitar or a car, you have to fine tune things. You stop doing what's not working, you work on what is working and you add things that do work.''' ,'''As long as I keep getting cast, I don't care if it's typecast.''' ,'''I was an athlete growing up and I miss that. I miss hanging out with dudes and making raunchy jokes and telling stories, trading details, you know? There's something I really miss about that.''' ,'''I went from 220 pounds that I cut down for 'Moneyball' to almost 270-280 pounds for 'Ten Year.'''' ,'''I married way out of my pay grade. I have no idea how that happened.''' ,'''I'd love to work with Steve Martin. I'd love to work with Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd.''' ,'''My first in, my first break, was I met a director and got to talking with her, and she happened to be casting this movie that she had written. That was ten years ago. That got me to Hollywood. I got paid $700 bucks.''' ,'''I know this may come as a shock to most of you, but I've decided to quit acting. I will not be auditioning for anything anymore, and if I get offered something like a role in a movie or a commercial or something, I will graciously turn it down. It's been great, but its just not for me anymore.''' ,'''The only way physical comedy works is if you don't see it coming. And the harder the fall, the funnier it is. You have to really take some shots, and I've walked away with some bumps and bruises.''' ,'''I like to do 'Garfield Mondays': lasagna and napping in a box.''' ,'''Just be comfortable with who you are.''' ,'''You want to be with a girl who likes you for you. Just be yourself and forget all of the stuff you read in 'GQ' magazine.''' ,'''Television is such an evolving medium.''' ,'''With comedy, it's a combination of knowing the comedic beat was good - it made you laugh, it made people on the crew laugh. With drama, you do something deep and if your stuff was really effective, the ultimate result is silence. Silence is not necessarily... that would also be the result if you sucked.''' ,'''If one day someone came up to me and was like, 'Look, you're never going to act again,' I don't know what I would do.''' ,'''I've eaten weird things through the course of my life. I've eaten wild game, I've eaten possum - possum's no good.''' ,'''You can pour melted ice cream on regular ice cream. It's like a sauce!''' ,'''To go to the Oscars for Moneyball - that was pretty amazing. And to be able to go work with Kathryn Bigelow - that's going to be pretty sweet. Hopefully I don't have to go back to being a waiter. That's still my main goal.''' ,'''People have told me I look like Gordon Lightfoot.''' ,'''Both 'OC' and 'Everwood,' there were people on set where you learned to stay away from them on a bad day.''' ,'''Just be yourself and forget all of the stuff you read in 'GQ' magazine.''' ,'''I have a pet lizard named Puff, five goldfish - named Pinky, Brain, Jowels, Pearl and Sandy, an oscar fish named Chef, two pacus, an albino African frog named Whitey, a bonsai tree, four Venus flytraps, a fruit fly farm and sea monkeys.''' ,'''I primarily have had my career in comedy, and that is something that I have never been too concerned about because I know there is really no room for vanity in comedy. Comedy comes from pain and it is a lot easier to empathize with somebody who is out of shape.''' ,'''I have a lot of plants and fish and a pet lizard and Venus flytraps. I have a whole ecosystem in my room, like a running waterfall and different lights and sensors set on digital timers.''' ,'''I don't have any delusions. I don't think I would make it through Navy SEAL training.''' ,'''I'm still fighting really hard to get any role I get. If it's comedy, I go for the laughs. And if it's drama, I try to tell the truth, and try to play the real stakes of whatever scenario the character's in.''' ,'''You know, I just tend to grow my beard out for 'Parks and Rec.' As an actor it's always easier to shave or cut your hair for a role, but it's hard to put fake hair on or grow hair for a role. When you look at pictures of me, the longer my hair is, the longer my facial hair is, that's just the longer I haven't gotten a job.''' ,'''I love 'Capote.' Huge fan of Philip Seymour Hoffman; if he's not my all-time favorite actor he's definitely in my top five. I just love him so much.''' ,'''Who knew Rob Lowe was funny? On 'Parks and Rec,' we've got some of the funniest comedy writers, some of the funniest comedians in the world working there. And if anything, we don't just effuse to one another and be like, 'Oh, Rob Lowe's really funny,' if he wasn't.''' ,'''To go to the Oscars for 'Moneyball' - that was pretty amazing.''' ,'''There's nothing funnier than a giant, grown man rollerblading.''' ,'''Being in good physical shape is the best way to combat depression. You just have endorphins running around your body. It is the best anti-depressive that there is.''' ,'''When you're doing a TV show, it's not like you just shoot for six weeks and you're in an editing room with all of your footage. It's like a guitar or a car, you have to fine tune things. You stop doing what's not working, you work on what is working and you add things that do work.''' ,'''It's interesting - I always thought when I was doing more melodramatic stuff like 'Everwood' that the directors were constantly reeling me in and stopping me from being funny.''' ,'''I was an athlete growing up. I was a wrestler, I played football, so I can take a fall. I actually wanted to be a stuntman when I was kid, so I would practice falling down the stairs. It's just something I like to do.''' ,'''I lose my cell phone so much that I switch it every month or so, but Sony Ericsson is usually what I use.''' ,'''I have some weird habits. For instance, I love beets. Show me a salad bar and I will clean them out of their beets.''' ,'''My favorite animal to hunt is probably elk. There's nothing like the sound of a bugling bull splitting the cold air at first light. And that smell is unmistakable. Once you experience their musk in the wild there's no going back! A close second would be a varmint hunt.''' ,'''Some people fast, some people go on a cruise or visit a day spa. I get out in the woods with a rifle or a bow. That's my release.''' ,''''Ten Year' was probably - I might say 'Ten Year' was my favorite filming experience of anything I ever worked on. It was totally different from 'Moneyball' in that it was a small budget, independent movie. It had a giant ensemble of actors, all of whom were basically working for free.''' ,'''I've always been a little soft. I like to eat.''' ,'''My favorite way to blow off steam is to sing obnoxiously loud in the shower.''' ,'''A friend bought me a plane ticket to Hawaii, which is where I got discovered and became an actor, so I guess a friend bought me a winning lottery ticket.''' ,'''When you're working with film, you can only shoot one angle at a time, and then everything has to stop, and you re-light it and shoot everything else from the opposite side, so it's really important that you stick exactly to what's written.''' ,'''Celebrity is intoxicating.''' ,'''You get to a point where you have to start planning, when you cross that line where you have enough value to get someone's movie made if you attach yourself to it, you have to be very thoughtful and have to plan. When you're starting out, you're willing to do anything.''' ,'''The American audience has really opened up to women being A.) funny and B.) kinda crude. 'Bridesmaids' is R-rated, and I think it was a major coup for women to have an R-rated comedy that did really well. Same as 'Bad Teacher.'''' ,'''You get to a point where you have to start planning, when you cross that line where you have enough value to get someone's movie made if you attach yourself to it, you have to be very thoughtful and have to plan.''' ,]
+++