+++
author = "N. Chandrababu Naidu"
title = "N. Chandrababu Naidu Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 N. Chandrababu Naidu Quotes"
keywords = "n. chandrababu naidu,n. chandrababu naidu quotes,n. chandrababu naidu quote,n. chandrababu naidu sayings,n. chandrababu naidu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was never consulted before the bifurcation. Injustice has been done to Andhra Pradesh, which had no revenues.''' ,'''What is America? Best brains in the world migrate to the U.S. If there are best brains, they will produce best results.''' ,'''Ultimately, I will do my best - whatever is possible - for this great nation.''' ,'''I have been responsible for so many fronts in the past: The National Front, the United Front; the UNPA, too, was created by me.''' ,'''My aim is to make Andhra Pradesh a drought-proof state.''' ,'''I feel Delhi always has a problem in understanding different regions and cultures.''' ,'''Demonetisation is going to result in long-term gains for the country.''' ,'''The entire world is talking about a leadership crisis in India. There is monumental corruption. Investigations into cases of corruption are politically calibrated.''' ,'''The BJP simply does not want Andhra Pradesh to become the number one state in all development parameters and Naidu getting credit.''' ,'''Modi has misused institutions like the ED, Intelligence Bureau, CBI, RBI and National Statistical Commission for political gains and harassing his political opponents. Modi lost his credibility by all these acts.''' ,'''When you can't take care of your wife, how can you run the affairs of the country?''' ,'''I was an active participant in India's key economic reforms, including the third industrial revolution and now the fourth industrial revolution.''' ,'''High-level corruption, inefficiency, non-governance, and policy paralysis have crippled the nation's economy.''' ,'''Generally, I have lot of patience, and I won't take a decision immediately on anything. I will think twice, thrice; then only I take a decision.''' ,'''Whenever the country has faced a crisis, the TDP has played a positive and constructive role.''' ,'''Modi failed miserably on most counts. He lacks the vision that a leader needs to possess and a strategy to achieve the vision and outcomes.''' ,'''I did get the opportunity to become prime minister once when TDP had 42 Lok Sabha seats. I had turned it down only in the interest of the then united Andhra Pradesh.''' ,'''I joined NDA because Andhra Pradesh needed the Centre's handholding.''' ,'''Modi is a disgrace to the prime minister's post.''' ,'''I don't want to claim that my government can find solutions to all the problems facing the people.''' ,'''BJP was a strong force before I differed and left.''' ,'''People have faith in me because of my track record.''' ,'''Fourth industrial revolution is a deadly combination of technology and Internet of Things.''' ,'''I am drawing my inspiration from resource-constrained developed nations like Japan, South Korea, Singapore, and Dubai in attracting global investments. Compared with them, Andhra Pradesh has more resources to leverage on.''' ,'''Earlier, physical currency used to dominate. Now, mobile currency or digital currency is dominating. For digital currency, fintech is very crucial.''' ,'''People should have fear of the law.''' ,'''I am interested in creating model for the global community by using technology and creating ease of doing business, ease of living, and creating higher living standards in A.P.''' ,'''I like to create new things.''' ,'''In united Andhra Pradesh, I created a knowledge hub in Hyderabad. Bangalore, Hyderabad - these are places of the future.''' ,'''I also expected a lot from Modi, like every citizen. Talking is different; delivering is important.''' ,'''I have tried for a year to work with the Telangana government.''' ,'''In the past, some natives used to collude with Britishers. In the same way, YSRCP is now colluding with Centre.''' ,'''For Modi, India offers a great opportunity for development with excellent natural and human resources.''' ,'''People look at track records now, and voters as stakeholders want ease of living and development, which is my aim.''' ,'''People always want welfare, development, and good governance. As long as you are delivering, people are with you.''' ,'''It is true I work 16 hours a day.''' ,'''People are losing faith in the banking system due to security issues.''' ,'''I'm not ashamed to admit that prohibition is 'impractical.'''' ,'''People are disturbed and demoralised after bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh. It is my responsibility to protect their interests and show them a direction.''' ,'''Mr. Modi is responsible for everyone's misery, demonetisation disaster, destruction of all democratic institutions. He is creating problems for everybody: for political leaders, for media, for corporates. He is not following any democratic values.''' ,'''I promoted Hyderabad to the world by saying that there was privacy in India and their data will be sage. Data is wealth.''' ,'''I have dedicated myself to development of the state and hardly get time to spend with my family.''' ,'''My ambition is only to develop Andhra Pradesh.''' ,'''I think good governance and good politics can go together.''' ,'''Amaravati will not be a ghost city.''' ,'''I have no ambitions to become the PM.''' ,'''Our government has this three-city concept where Tirupati will be a city of lakes and a tourist destination, Amaravati a blue-green city, and Visakhapatnam a beautiful city buzzing with economic activity and jobs.''' ,'''Despite serious constraints, challenges, and non-cooperation from the Centre, we have managed to develop Andhra on all fronts and ensured that the state tops in national ranks on various parameters, apart from successfully attracting large-scale investments from global giants.''' ,'''Every sphere of activity has a set of rules. Politics is no different.''' ,'''Only a firm government that acts tough on fraudsters can send the right signals to the country.''' ,'''America is a world leader, one that gives guidance to others.''' ,'''At the end of the day, politics is meant to do good to the society.''' ,'''My legislators devote most of their time to attend to people's problems. I want the people to devote more time and contribute to the development of the state.''' ,'''I proudly claim that what Modi could not succeed in Gujarat, I have done for Hyderabad to put it on the international map. None can rob that credit from me.''' ,'''TDP had to join hands with the Congress given the need for a major anchor party in the front against the BJP.''' ,'''Unfortunately, though both Mahatma Gandhi and Narendra Modi hail from Gujarat, Gandhi never lied, and Modi never speaks the truth.''' ,'''There are abundant opportunities for A.P. No other Indian state has such great opportunities to develop port-based industrial economies.''' ,'''When governments become weak, troubles are certain to erupt.''' ,'''All political parties with secular credentials are bound to align and unite in fighting against communal forces. So, when the time comes, I believe that the SP and the BJP will join the Mahagathbandhan at the national level.''' ,'''To reduce the burden on the state exchequer, we increased the price of rice. I find nothing wrong in doing so in the best interests of the people and for the overall development of the state.''' ,'''Women are inferior to none.''' ,'''The government is one entity which can control fraud, both public and private.''' ,'''Hyderabad is my brainchild. I have developed it with passion.''' ,'''In information technology, money is not the issue. Willingness to implement and execute is the issue.''' ,'''Compared to Congress, BJP is spending huge money in the elections. BJP keeps claiming that it is not corrupt. Then where is it getting such huge monies from?''' ,'''The Congress and regional parties may fight against each other in certain states, but they will get united at the national level against BJP for forming the coalition government.''' ,'''I have been saying for a long time, all my phones are tapped.''' ,'''My life is an open book.''' ,'''I am quick to adopt new ideas. If there is something good, I will follow it and implement it. I adopted information technology in 1985.''' ,'''Modi made history in 2014 by becoming the first non-Congress government at the Centre to get absolute majority.''' ,'''The only reason why I tied up with the BJP was that Andhra Pradesh wasn't done justice during the bifurcation.''' ,'''Given my earlier experience as the longest served CM of the erstwhile undivided A.P., I focused on choosing right people in the right place with clear priorities in the departments that were vital to attract large-scale investments into the state.''' ,'''Demonetisation was a big flop, and its outcome was negative. The government has done nothing to get back black money.''' ,'''Whenever there is a threat to cooperative federalism, the TDP will certainly raise its voice.''' ,'''Mr. Trump set an example of how an individual can damage a country. There are agitations all around, and the whole of U.S. is under turmoil.''' ,'''I will never go to the Centre. I have never been an aspirant for any post or for any role at the Centre.''' ,'''Technology should be used for better purposes, for people's overall welfare and development of state and country, instead of misusing it to win elections.''' ,'''I want to place the facts before the people. Tell them about the greediness of Congress and how it divided the Telugu people and destroyed the state for political gains.''' ,'''Trump spoke badly about women... It sparked worldwide reactions.''' ,'''Modi is shielding and encouraging fraud-accused persons such as Gali Janardhan Reddy and Y. S. Jaganmohan Reddy. He is encouraging fraudsters, both directly and indirectly, and thereby helping open floodgates for corruption and frauds.''' ,'''What kind of signal is Prime Minister Narendra Modi giving by closeting himself with tainted politicians and financial fraud-accused of YSR Congress undergoing trial?''' ,'''Technology is the future, I have seen the third industrial revolution, and we are in the midst of the fourth industrial revolution.''' ,'''I'm telling you anybody is better than Narendra Modi because he won't listen to anybody.''' ,'''I had attracted large investments into information technology and built infrastructure in Hyderabad, including India's first greenfield airport, apart from attracting the country's first private sector investments in power generation.''' ,'''Tapping of phones is a serious business and has to be authenticated by requisite authorities on valid grounds.''' ,'''The Congress is dividing the country on the lines of caste and regions. We need a stable government to put the country and its economy back on the rails.''' ,'''If you listen to what Trump says, you will understand the hollowness. Even a top-ranking nation like America is having a leadership crisis.''' ,'''Amaravati will be a world-class capital. It will be a health and tourist destination.''' ,'''TDP is always very assertive for public interest.''' ,'''America was once the safest place. I used to ask our people why they were going there. They used to say America is the safest place.''' ,'''We are fighting the communal BJP on the one hand and the corrupt Congress on the other.''' ,'''My nature is to compromise and get things done for the state.''' ,'''In a record time of five-and-a-half months, we completed the prestigious Pattiseema irrigation project, linking two major rivers in the state.''' ,'''Digital economy is happening everywhere in the world.''' ,'''I can see a distinct anti-Modi and anti-NDA wave across the country.''' ,'''In many parts of the country, like South India, people don't bother much about the nationalist passions that BJP was attempting to rouse for electoral benefits.''' ,'''One cannot judge the poll outcome by the crowds one draws at public meetings.''' ,'''Industrialisation only can generate large-scale employment.''' ,'''I have been in the politics for the last 40 years. I became chief minister in 1995 and worked in the NDA and UPA. I have seen it all.''' ,'''I am satisfied with my achievements in terms of both development and welfare. I have not only lived up to most of the expectations of people, but also surpassed some of their expectations.''' ,]
+++