+++
author = "Logan Mankins"
title = "Logan Mankins Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Logan Mankins Quotes"
keywords = "logan mankins,logan mankins quotes,logan mankins quote,logan mankins sayings,logan mankins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always was flattered when people would say I would do whatever it took for the team. I always thought of myself as that kind of guy.''' ,'''Growing up, I was taught a man's word is his bond.''' ,'''If you could still run and play, there's no reason to go see a doctor, right?''' ,'''You might not feel good, and you might not want to practice, but you still go out there and practice as hard as you can.''' ,'''I just want to play until I think I don't feel good - and if I can still do it. If I can't do it, I don't think I'll keep going once I don't feel I'm playing the way I want to.''' ,'''I like to keep most of my private life private.''' ,'''When someone invests in you, I don't want to disappoint them. I want to be the player they think they're getting.''' ,'''The best thing I've ever heard another player say is, 'I hate playing against you.'''' ,'''I always felt like we were here to do a job, so you should be out there practicing and playing.''' ,'''It's always great when you just pound the rock, impose your will, and that is going to break the spirit of the defense if you can keep running it and they can't stop you.''' ,'''Once you've been around this business long enough, anything is a possibility. It's a business first and foremost. Guys play it because they love it, but it is a business, and if you don't understand that it's a business, you're lying to yourself.''' ,'''In football, you're hitting, so you might as well hit in practice.''' ,'''I understand what training camp is for. It's needed. It's necessary, so it's just one of those things that you have to put yourself through and it makes you better. It gets you in good shape, so it's necessary.''' ,'''I might be in a little decline. I don't know. How many guys that have played 150 games are still on the upswing? I've played a lot of games, a lot of snaps.''' ,'''It's a place I'll always remember, and I have nothing bad to say about New England. I love that place.''' ,'''I have a good house for hosting, so we had the barbecues, and some of the guys over for Thanksgiving, even Christmas.''' ,'''If I can run, I'm not going to sit out any game. I'm here to play football, not to watch and collect a check.''' ,'''I'm not going to say something I shouldn't. In that way, I was probably the perfect guy to play in New England.''' ,'''You always feel pretty good after a bye, after a couple of days off. Not having a game, you freshen up a little.''' ,'''I hurt my left knee playing left tackle. I had surgery on my right knee.''' ,'''You don't have time to dwell on what is going on in the games.''' ,]
+++