+++
author = "Mian Muhammad Mansha"
title = "Mian Muhammad Mansha Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Mian Muhammad Mansha Quotes"
keywords = "mian muhammad mansha,mian muhammad mansha quotes,mian muhammad mansha quote,mian muhammad mansha sayings,mian muhammad mansha saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The only way to kill militancy, to reduce it, is to provide opportunities to people who have no opportunities. I've always told my American friends that.''' ,'''Terrorism is partly linked to people who have no jobs in Pakistan.''' ,'''I am a very big proponent of opening the borders with India. Most of our trade is done through unofficial channels. Why not open the trade?''' ,'''I realized early on, maybe better than some of my competitors did, that a textile business can run only if you have scale. I decided to horizontally and vertically integrate, adding everything from spinning, dyeing, weaving, and stitching to processing and packing.''' ,'''You will never see my sons in parties. We keep to ourselves and try to do whatever we have to do.''' ,'''The future of the world will belong to whoever can harness energy and food.''' ,'''People like me, whose income largely comes from dividends, should pay more taxes.''' ,'''I want to be the first Pakistani, like some of our counterparts in India, to really go out and show that we Pakistanis can even be successful outside Pakistan.''' ,'''People like me, whose income largely comes from dividends, should pay more taxes. The problem is that taxes aren't used efficiently.''' ,'''Carl Icahn told me to stay away from airlines. In good times, the unions take away the profits, and in bad times, the cost of oil kills you.''' ,'''Banks need to have large shareholders on the board that have a direct interest in their performance.''' ,'''People think that we bought a lot of things during Nawaz Sharif's time and that I am very close to him. I have never met Nawaz Sharif, one to one, in my life.''' ,'''The impression of Pakistan is that people are corrupt. I don't think they are as corrupt as they are made out to be. I can look you in the eye and tell you I've never bribed anybody.''' ,]
+++