+++
author = "Travis Browne"
title = "Travis Browne Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Travis Browne Quotes"
keywords = "travis browne,travis browne quotes,travis browne quote,travis browne sayings,travis browne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''No matter who I fight, I'm going to be at a disadvantage in the experience department.''' ,'''We go through those dark times and we need someone to lean on.''' ,'''It's hard for me to be a father and the fighter that I am in the same day. I have to separate those two.''' ,'''I'm a sore loser.''' ,'''Keep doubting me. Please keep doubting me. I will give you something to be upset about if you doubt me.''' ,'''I just want to keep winning and moving forward.''' ,'''I owned a couple different businesses.''' ,'''My choice was to become great, to become better than average.''' ,'''I want to be the best in this sport because I'm a competitor, but the real reason why is it will be the vehicle to be the family man I want to be.''' ,'''My relationship with Joe Silva has always been him saying 'hey I want you to fight this day' and it's like alright sounds good. I don't really look at it as an option.''' ,'''Whatever strikes I need to throw, I need to let them go.''' ,'''Coach Winkeljohn is hell on pads, that guy pushes you so hard.''' ,'''I'm an average person, I just decided to work hard and dedicate myself to something. That's the only thing that separates people like me from people sitting on the couch.''' ,'''I had a tough life, and I wanted my kids to have better than what I had.''' ,'''If I could only have one thing in life, it would be for my sons to grow up to become quality men who are interested in doing the right thing. I want them to be highly moral people who care about what is happening in the world around them. The best way to do that as a parent is to set the right example. That's what I try to do.''' ,'''People beat themselves in this sport.''' ,'''I'm not a dirty fighter.''' ,'''If you're going to be a man and get in there and do this sport, you better man up and understand your own mistakes. There's no way to get around that. There's absolutely no way.''' ,'''Sometimes guys will come out and just barely squeak by to get a win and then wonder why they don't get a title shot. Who wants to see that?''' ,'''The title shot, the way I look at it is I just have to go out there and do my job. If I keep winning fights, there's no way they can't give me that title shot.''' ,'''If you depend on the UFC for sponsorships, the only money you get is in-cage sponsorships? Then I don't feel, as a manager, that you're doing your job.''' ,'''There was a point in my life and my career where I had less than $100 to spend on both of my kids for Christmas. I remember telling myself, I remember telling my best friend, I said, 'This will never happen again.' I will not let this happen. I mean, $100 for me to spend on my family, friends, everybody.''' ,'''People want to see you go out there and be dominant and finish fights.''' ,'''One of my favorites is Dominick Cruz, a training partner of mine.''' ,'''I'm not trying to just sit on the couch for a year.''' ,'''I know I'm skillful and capable of finishing fights.''' ,'''I feel like a lot of people, because he's Alistair Overeem, have catered to him.''' ,'''The one thing I've learned about this sport is that it's OK to be selfish at times.''' ,'''Barnett is a veteran of the game, but at the same time, I've been fighting guys with a lot of experience my entire career.''' ,'''In any fight that I go into, I don't like to complain about stuff because at the end of the day, a fight's a fight.''' ,'''The respect that I get is going to be earned. That's the way I look at it.''' ,'''I didn't come from wrestling. I didn't come from boxing or kickboxing.''' ,'''I was the idiot on the couch, 'I could beat some of these guys!' I would say that about Tim Sylvia. But I was like, 'Freakin' Arlovski, he looks like an athlete.' He looked rock solid.''' ,'''I feel like I might have an idea of what goes on at Jackson-Winkeljohn's, but at the same time, that's why Coach Jackson and Coach Winkeljohn are considered some of the best. They're able to game-plan and bring the best out of their athletes.''' ,'''I'd love to be a coach one day, but before fighting I was into dog training. I was a handler and I really enjoyed that.''' ,'''I've had to learn fast. I've kind of come up the hard way in this sport and just a sense of my training partners and my coaches and that's been something that I've been having to deal with since day one.''' ,'''I'm disliked a lot and it's probably for the wrong reasons.''' ,'''The general public may not have an understanding about me and what I do, how I feel about my children, how I feel about my family, how protective I am over my family and children. They just see a big guy in a cage that fights, that knocks people out or this and that.''' ,'''I'm learning the science behind the sport. I'm learning how to read people.''' ,'''Whether friends or family, you know, if we're fighting, then we're fighting. And I have no problem with it.''' ,'''My size is a danger, my power and my athletic ability.''' ,'''That's the hard thing about this sport. You don't have a guy over you telling you what you have to do. 'You have to do this, you have to do that.' So at the end of the day, I'm responsible for myself. So what I do is I put people in place around me to help keep me accountable.''' ,'''If you're not scared to death of losing, then you need to get out of this sport or you're going to get hurt.''' ,'''I got into MMA because I wanted to show my kids that they could be an athlete, that they could push themselves in whatever direction they wanted in life.''' ,'''If you make me mad I'll let you know, but I prefer to do all the talking with my fighting inside the ring.''' ,'''I'm going to do what I need to do to win fights.''' ,'''If you want to fight, this is what's promised to you. If you agree to it, then I don't feel like you have the right to go back and say, 'They're not paying me that much.' You agreed to it. This is your job. I think that some guys may forget about that a little bit.''' ,'''I think it's important for the kids to spend quality time with their parents, and to see their parents happy and loving life, even if it so happens that they live apart. That's a lot better than having them stay together and be miserable.''' ,'''Fighting is a part of life, right? It's my career and all that kind of stuff.''' ,'''There's nothing nice about the cage. There's nothing soft about it. It's nasty. You get in there. You get dirty. You get beat up.''' ,'''I think people in the MMA world don't like boxing because it's not as exciting as MMA because you don't get big slams.''' ,'''I think I've put in some work and I've fought some tough guys early in my UFC career in order for me to get in that spot of being on the main card.''' ,'''Yeah, I want these fights where people are going to stand in front of me and I'm going to knock them out. But is that going to be best for me in the long run? Probably not. I want those situations and knockouts and submissions against guys who won't just give them to me.''' ,'''I learned as a fighter I know how to go out there and mess somebody.''' ,'''For me, I'm a family man. I absolutely love my family and they're the closest thing to my heart. And to me, that's my life.''' ,'''This is a difficult sport and it's a sport where you have to be prepared for so many eventualities and possibilities. It takes so much time and so much work. And as a guy with a family, there is a lot of sacrifice that must be made.''' ,'''I've never asked for anything from the UFC. I've never asked for a certain fight.''' ,'''I don't like the fake stuff that goes on outside the ring.''' ,'''People find beauty in the desert. I don't know where they're looking because I haven't found it. It's ugly. It's nasty. It's dirt. It's desert. It's sand. It's rock. It's cactus. It's lizards and snakes.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if it's Fight Night, an FX card, a FUEL card, a pay-per-view or FOX. It doesn't matter. If you get to headline an event, I believe that's better than being on any main card there is.''' ,'''I've said it before that fame money and women will all come and go in your life, so I'm not worried about the money.''' ,'''As far as Alistair goes, he's got a great fan base, he's a great name fighter, and I look forward to competing against him.''' ,'''The people that are around me understand what kind of man that I am.''' ,'''In the heavyweight division, if you get clipped, you're going to sleep.''' ,'''I've been learning the ins and outs of the fight game and a little more of the technical side.''' ,'''I've never said 'no' to a fight and I've always been ready for anything they've thrown my way.''' ,'''I'm trying to be on SportsCenter every single fight.''' ,'''I was on the couch watching Tim Sylvia beat Ricco Rodriguez, Randy Couture beat Tim Sylvia, and Josh Barnett fight in PRIDE.''' ,'''There is a reason we fight and for me, it's my family. I never forget them. Never. If I didn't have them, I'm not sure I would be here or if I'd be as good at this as I've become.''' ,'''I did protection work with dogs. I trained dogs how to protect their handlers and owners. We'd teach them bite work, how to search buildings and deal with gunfire and stuff like that. Sometimes I'd be the 'bad guy' that dogs would attack in training.''' ,'''My fights all have great meaning to me because they give me the chance to put myself in a position I probably wouldn't have been in before without all of this. The one thing I won't lack in this business is motivation.''' ,'''I'm learning how to fight. Just figuring out what I need to do to further myself.''' ,'''I'm not like Overeem, I'm not like Lashley, I'm not like Villante.''' ,'''If you make no excuses, there's nothing holding you back.''' ,'''I create openings, and I move. I fight. It's an art form.''' ,'''That's my style, that's how I like to fight. I like to please the fans. Go out, knock somebody out, choke them out, break an arm. Something.''' ,'''We have to change my habits, so that when the worst case scenario happens, I don't start just swinging for the fences. I still stay composed, I pick technique over power and I push the pace that way.''' ,'''Until I have that belt, defended that belt and left a legacy with my name and what I've done in that cage, then I'll have time to relax and take in what I've done.''' ,'''Getting a win is nice but you have to have a dominant performance to make a run at that title, I believe.''' ,'''Every coach has lost.''' ,'''I was a painting contractor for a while and then a dog trainer. I opened my own business dog training and had some success.''' ,'''That's the place to be, is on the main card.''' ,'''I guess you could call me a soccer dad.''' ,'''The thing about this sport is you will be held accountable for your words come a certain date.''' ,'''The night that I fought Bigfoot, he was the better man. He beat me that night. No excuses.''' ,'''You hear a lot from the other fighters that have fought in Denver, you see some of the fighters are just gassing out.''' ,'''My whole thing is to stay humble and stay confident in my abilities.''' ,'''Every fight I feel like I'm fighting for my job.''' ,'''Since I fought Bigfoot, I've actually become a big fan of his, the way he carries himself and the way he handles himself. You have to respect the guy, with what he's done in the sport. With that said, I'd still love to compete against him and hopefully one day avenge that loss, if that's in the cards.''' ,'''In Hawaii, where I'm from, I'm Hapa Haole. It's pretty much if you're mixed blood or have two different ethnicities or even more, you're considered Hapa. It really means half but now it just means mixed.''' ,'''I had offers to go overseas and play basketball but I turned it down because I wanted to stay local. So I got started in Jiu Jitsu, which was something I could be competitive at.''' ,'''With all my workouts, I have a hard time keeping weight on. My body wants to keep losing weight so I have to eat more.''' ,'''Basically, I played basketball for a small college out here in California and when I was done playing college, I settled down and got a job.''' ,'''I just want my kids to grow up to become good men and that starts with understanding the world around them. That's something I push them to do.''' ,'''I've always said it doesn't matter to me who I fight. At the end of the day, on that day, it's work. It's business.''' ,'''During a round, unless the crowd is quiet, which a lot of times it isn't in my fights, you're standing there and the coach yells, 'One-two, one-two low kick.' Whatever it is, you don't really hear stuff. When you're in a fight and leather is being traded, I mean, are you really going to hear your coach?''' ,'''I feel like every time I train, I'm moving so far forward. I'm constantly evolving.''' ,'''I've had a couple of lackluster performances.''' ,'''Dating is for children. Dating is for kids.''' ,]
+++