+++
author = "Tevin Campbell"
title = "Tevin Campbell Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Tevin Campbell Quotes"
keywords = "tevin campbell,tevin campbell quotes,tevin campbell quote,tevin campbell sayings,tevin campbell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''So, you do make a lot of sacrifices in the business, but you have to stay humble and you have to live that normal life. That's what I do now. It keeps me grounded.''' ,'''I didn't have much of a relationship with the songs and my voice was changing. I didn't have any control over it. I mean, one day it could be high and the next day it could be gone. And that's why we had to keep going back in and doing songs over.''' ,'''I'll be 40 this year, so 'Can We Talk' is really not me anymore. Now I have the freedom to express myself through my music and write about my likes, my dislikes, and my passions. There's no greater feeling than being able to express myself.''' ,'''I was raised in the church and liked singing in the background. I never really wanted to be the main attraction, and I'm still not sure I can sing.''' ,'''If you listen to 'Paris,' when I'm up on the bridge part, it literally sounds like my vocal cords are being ripped apart.''' ,'''I was approached by Spectra Music Group, so that led to me finally releasing 'Safer On The Ground.' It really was just about putting all the dots together.''' ,'''Sometimes I think what it might be like if I stayed in the background and was just singing in a choir somewhere. That crosses my mind on some of the bad days when I'm overworked. But it's just a fleeting thought.''' ,'''When I was in the business, when I was younger, it was more work for me. I didn't actually start to live my life until I left the business, and you don't want to do that.''' ,'''So, the idea of being a star on MTV and all that never really appealed to me. It makes life hectic.''' ,'''The black man's struggle in this country, I understood that. But I didn't really understand the historical message behind the 'Paris' song until later in my life.''' ,'''I was more of a dancer back then, I did choreography, but I was nothing like 'Powerline'.''' ,'''I do ultimately wanna go back to Broadway and do live theater; I wanna act. But singing is my love. I feel like I'm sitting on a pot of gold.''' ,'''I experienced a lot while I was away from the industry. From being on Broadway to learning more about myself. Those are really the things that I'm writing about.''' ,'''Most of the songs that I write have nothing to do with the stuff that I used to sing about since I didn't write back then.''' ,'''My main concern about coming back is being able to financially support it on my own. I don't want to depend on any record company to do it for me. But I have a fan base, people still streaming my music.''' ,'''When I was a kid I loved to sing, that's all I did.''' ,'''It's really, really amazing and I have a couple of college friends and their friends are huge fans of 'Powerline'. I mean, they got the t-shirts, they got the memorabilia, they got all that stuff.''' ,'''I'd like to not have to worry about image, about doing the right thing all the time. Not that I want to be a criminal or anything. I'd like to be able to do something wrong and not feel the whole world will know.''' ,'''I remember doing Broadway, I started Broadway in 2005, and, of course, I sing two songs in the play, 'Hairspray'.''' ,'''I have done some bad things - things I can't and won't talk about. Nothing that bad, but if that stuff was printed in the papers, they'd paint me as a bad guy. I couldn't be Tevin Campbell, Mr. Perfect. But I really don't want to be Tevin Campbell, Mr. Perfect.''' ,'''It's a great compliment to be compared to Michael Jackson, but people are starting to realize now that I'm just me, and that's all I want to to be.''' ,'''I can't flip a burger, I can't do anything. All I know how to do is sing. I've been blessed to be able to make a living doing what I love.''' ,'''I have a goal to reach, a way I want my voice to sound, and until I get there, I won't feel that I'm really that good.''' ,'''I could go to the mall with my friends or go to movies or hang out without a care in the world. I could chase girls and not have to worry about whether they want me because they've heard my records on the radio.''' ,]
+++