+++
author = "Mumtaz"
title = "Mumtaz Quotes"
quotes_len = "48"
description = "the best 48 Mumtaz Quotes"
keywords = "mumtaz,mumtaz quotes,mumtaz quote,mumtaz sayings,mumtaz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My role used to be very small, maybe a couple of romantic scenes and some songs.''' ,'''Nobody can replace Dev sahab. He changed the trend of Indian cinema. He was an icon.''' ,'''I got to work with A-grade stars like Rajendra Kumar, Feroz Khan and Rajesh Khanna.''' ,'''I am very good friends with Shatrughan Sinha.''' ,'''I can proudly say that for 80 per cent of my life, I achieved what I wanted to. There were very few setbacks. I don't remember anything that I wanted and did not get. Once I made up my mind about something, I went for it. The easiest thing in life is to give up and I didn't.''' ,'''I was just 15 years old when I did my first film, 'Faulad,' in 1963, opposite Dara Singh. Although I had worked earlier as a child actress, this was my first break as a lead heroine.''' ,'''I was lucky that men wanted to marry me.''' ,'''I never underestimated or overestimated myself. You should know where you stand. Moreover, you should have confi'dence in yourself because if you don't, what is the point of struggling? You don't know where you are headed!''' ,'''My roots are from Iran and so, I cook Iranian dishes that have been passed down the generations in our family. I was born and raised in India and enjoy cooking Indian food, too.''' ,'''I don't give up easily.''' ,'''I have been a homemaker after bidding Bollywood adieu and, therefore, been a caregiver to my family.''' ,'''I wish I had 10 hands and were blessed with 48 hours a day! Work just does not seem to end.''' ,'''I'm a practical woman.''' ,'''I rarely drink. I am not a night person.''' ,'''I had two beautiful daughters and a husband who loved me immensely.''' ,'''My husband comes from a traditional Gujarati family, and loved his food. I learnt to make dal-dhokli, undhiyu and khandvi.''' ,'''Well, I've always wanted to get a tattoo done, I just never got around to doing it!''' ,'''There's a time for every woman to get married. You should seize that moment.''' ,'''I've been a fighter throughout my life.''' ,'''I've been through so much pain in life, what's a tattoo?''' ,'''I was all of 18, and in love with Shammi Kapoor while we were filming 'Brahmachari.' He wanted me to give up my career, but I wasn't ready. I had my family to look after.''' ,'''As an actress, I had a very short career - it lasted 12 years.''' ,'''To a certain extent, I can say I owe my career to Dara Singh because after doing films with him, I started getting good offers. I have very high regards for him. As a person, he was very protective about me and used to take care of me on the sets. He was very soft-spoken and a fine gentleman. He was disciplined and punctual.''' ,'''Be it career or marriage, spirituality helps you believe in yourself.''' ,'''I survived cancer thanks to the support of my family.''' ,'''I had lost my mother during 'Boond Jo Ban Gaye Moti.'''' ,'''I have so many memories of working with Dara Singh, but that was a long time ago.''' ,'''After I got married, my husband gave me a lot of comforts.''' ,'''In fact, what my fans shown towards me is devotion.''' ,'''I'd wake up at 4 A.M. every day, and reach the studios on the dot at 9.''' ,'''I have no regard for people who say, 'I can't.'''' ,'''There's so much to learn from life every minute.''' ,'''God has been kind to me.''' ,'''Everybody loves me but I can't make everybody my close friend. I don't make friends easily.''' ,'''Even death will have to fight me.''' ,'''Death is as real as life and everyone will face it some day.''' ,'''You can't fight your destiny; you can't fight your audience.''' ,'''I've kept alive my childlike innocence. I don't let anything or anyone dampen my zest for life. Now, that's very important.''' ,'''Some years ago, I landed in Mumbai with no eyebrows, no eyelashes, or hair. I wore a mask over my nose and yet people came up to me and asked, 'aren't you Mumtaz?'''' ,'''I was in the film industry just for 13 years and to remember me after 35 years is really an honour.''' ,'''I left India after marriage and built a home in U.K.''' ,'''I don't believe in giving up. Though there are a lot of obstacles, heartaches and disappointments, you shouldn't allow these things to break you.''' ,'''Dara Singh worked very hard to maintain his physique. I remember he would work in two to three films at a time and would work for 16 hours at a stretch. He would always do all his stunts by himself. His stamina was unbeatable.''' ,'''I like staying at home and indulging in cooking sometimes.''' ,'''After a string of miscarriages, I gave birth to my first child. I spent six months of my pregnancy stuck in bed, staring at the ceiling. So my kids mean a lot to me.''' ,'''A year after I got married, 'Prem Kahani,' 'Roti' and 'Aap Ki Kasam' released. I refused 'Safar,' 'Haathi Mere Saathi'... because I was hellbent on getting married. Despite that, the phone never stopped ringing, whether I was in Mombasa or London.''' ,'''I couldn't join my husband's business as, according to my father-in-law's unwritten convention, women of the house aren't allowed to meddle in the family business.''' ,'''My first 26 years was a time of hard work. I was an obedient child to my parents. Whatever I earned, I gave to my parents and never asked them where it went.''' ,]
+++