+++
author = "Patti Lupone"
title = "Patti Lupone Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Patti Lupone Quotes"
keywords = "patti lupone,patti lupone quotes,patti lupone quote,patti lupone sayings,patti lupone saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I played the tuba in high school. I wanted to be a member of the marching band. I thought, what can I play that has the most effect? What can I play to get people to laugh?''' ,'''I love what I do, and I love the audience, and I love the fact that I get to do it, and I love, I love our craft very, very, much, and it's a noble craft. We have a responsibility to it, and to the audience, and to the playwright, and to the message. I won't ever care less.''' ,'''I'd love to do situation comedy - it's the best job in show business.''' ,'''I'm totally Italian, but I'm not a diva. If you could see the way I'm dressed in daily life, that's not a diva. Appearances are so not important to me.''' ,'''I just create, that's what I do.''' ,'''I don't listen to the contemporary pop artists. They all sound alike, anyway.''' ,'''New York seems to be thriving, which I'm grateful for. But I would hope that they would figure out how to negotiate the traffic and limit the pedicabs, because it seems to me that it's becoming a more chaotic city.''' ,'''What's the difference in opening from scratch in Philly or opening from scratch in New York? The old out-of-town tryout circuit - taking the show pre-Broadway to cities like Boston, New Haven, Philadelphia, Washington - has sort of been replaced with the amount of workshops we do.''' ,'''I know what it means to have a leading part, and I know what it means to have a featured part.''' ,'''Smile at a stranger. See what happens.''' ,'''The book 'A Reliable Wife' is a slice of American history. It takes a part of American history and tells a story about the purchase of a wife by a Wisconsin businessman. The research of that would have been really interesting.''' ,'''Nothing has ever come easy for me.''' ,'''I just love chickens.''' ,'''The only thing we are as actors are messengers. That's all we are. Correct? We are delivering the playwright's intention through the concept of the director. And I come on stage; if I feel confident in the role, then I give it away.''' ,'''A show is exhausting when it stinks. It's exhausting when you have to work overtime to make something work.''' ,'''The word diva to me means doing something supernatural with something natural.''' ,'''My favorite band was The Band, and nobody compares in my mind with The Band.''' ,'''To be nominated was enough, but when I won I the Tony I just felt relief.''' ,'''I knew when I was a kid that I had a Broadway voice. I wanted to be a rocker, because I grew up in that era of transistor radios at the beach.''' ,'''I'll tell you what I think in general about people who want to make their Broadway debut that are not trained stage actors. Don't they know, Broadway ain't for sissies? It is a tough gig. You are responsible, physically, mentally, emotionally, for eight shows a week, at the top of your game. It's not easy.''' ,'''I learned a long time ago from David Mamet to wipe your feet at the door, get it out on stage and then go about your life.''' ,'''I am in musical theatre, but it isn't necessarily what I listen to in my leisure time, do you know what I mean?''' ,'''We're not show-business people. We have a life.''' ,'''My favorite composers are the ones that tell the story. I love Wagner. I love Mahler. Prokofiev. The programmatic music. I listen more to classic rock because I don't like the contemporary music very much.''' ,'''Let me say I was trained at Juilliard. I have a very high standard. I expect everybody around me to work equally as hard because people pay a lot of money for tickets. They demand the best that we have.''' ,'''A well-rounded performer will listen to all kinds of music. I like classical, Middle Eastern, and rock a lot.''' ,'''It's not easy being an actor, and having said that, everybody's an actor. Do you know what I mean? Paris Hilton's an actor, which is kind of scary. But if you want to honor your craft and yourself, strive for the nobler instincts.''' ,'''I wish I could have a recurring role on 'Modern Family'. I think 'Modern Family' is the best comedy on television. It's extremely well written, extremely well acted and directed.''' ,'''I'm sure there are actors out there who work with other actors on a consistent basis - I am not one of them.''' ,'''All my career, I've said this: Critics and producers think audiences want actors that only present the silhouette and hit the points in the silhouette. What I do is too dangerous.''' ,'''The theater is a tough place. It's not cushioned the way it is in film and television.''' ,'''I think that Stevie Nicks is one of the greats. Steve Nicks and Grace Slick and Janis Joplin have the real rock voices, to me.''' ,'''I think Madonna is a wonderful performer.''' ,'''In America, it stands out, because it's raw, it's big, it's emotional. My face is raw, big and emotional. It didn't work for the longest time.''' ,'''Anybody that goes to the theater, I think we're all misfits, so we ended up on stage or in the audience.''' ,]
+++