+++
author = "Julius Randle"
title = "Julius Randle Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Julius Randle Quotes"
keywords = "julius randle,julius randle quotes,julius randle quote,julius randle sayings,julius randle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''With a player and a coach, trust is everything.''' ,'''In the state of Kentucky, all they know is Kentucky basketball. It's the same thing in L.A. They love the Lakers and they expect nothing less but championships.''' ,'''I'm a competitor and that's what I love to do more than anything.''' ,'''It's my job regardless of what the opposing team does, which I really don't care, it's my job to go out and make the right plays.''' ,'''Everything in life happens for a reason.''' ,'''I love to win.''' ,'''I'm damn proud to be a Knick.''' ,'''I care about my teammates.''' ,'''You put an extreme amount of hard work in and things don't always go perfect.''' ,'''You've got to do what's best for your body.''' ,'''Honestly, for me only playing 14 minutes my rookie year and breaking my leg. To be able to play all 82, that was really cool for me... That was, for me, a huge accomplishment. Something I'm really proud of for sure.''' ,'''I want to be coached.''' ,'''I know you only get one chance to make a first impression in a city - and I was so disappointed in myself for how that first season in New York had gone. It felt like a blown opportunity. It felt like I'd cemented my reputation in the opposite way that I'd wanted to. Selfish. Not a leader. Not a winning player.''' ,'''I think that's when people get the most disappointed. Things don't go as perfect as they want it to go and they feel like they've done everything up to that point to prepare for it and that's just life. That's how it is. Everything's not perfect.''' ,'''I'm a person who wants to affect a lot of people's lives in a positive way. That's what God put me on earth to do.''' ,'''I worked on my playmaking and versatility, so that I could play more minutes at more spots on the court - power forward, point forward, center, whatever it takes.''' ,'''Highs and lows of life happens for a reason.''' ,'''I can play small ball because I can guard multiple positions because I can really move.''' ,'''My mom is my biggest supporter. She's been there since day one. She's always going to have my back.''' ,'''I come into the game prepared, put the work in, put the time and effort into my game.''' ,'''I don't sweat bad games.''' ,'''I'm pretty in tune in with fashion, what designers are doing.''' ,'''You've just got to take every game in stride and play every game like it's your last.''' ,'''All my teammates, everybody, they trust me and empower me. I just wanna thank them for allowing me to lead them. And then my family, my wife, my son, everybody, like everybody, has played a part in helping me continue to become the best version of me on and off the court.''' ,'''For me, as a 19-year-old kid going to L.A.? I ate whatever I wanted. I ate all the fast foods, the sweets - that was nothing to me. Now, I'm very conscious of what I eat.''' ,'''Sometimes you gotta go through something, sometimes you gotta learn.''' ,'''Not much can really shake me.''' ,'''I feel like I have a foundation of how I want to play. Because of that, there's so much room for me to grow because I know how I want to play.''' ,'''A lot of people may have written me off.''' ,'''When things get rough you just kind of do it yourself.''' ,'''Honestly, I hated Dirk growing up. As I got older and wiser, obviously I was really able to appreciate his greatness as I learned the game of basketball.''' ,'''As far as most improved, I don't take it as a backhanded compliment at all. That's what you're supposed to do as a professional.''' ,'''I want to beat the best.''' ,'''It's crazy how style changes.''' ,'''One of the things I learned from Kobe: You focus on what you're dealing with now.''' ,'''I'm a glass-half-full kind of guy, not half-empty.''' ,'''Honestly, Thibs is a dog. He's a guy that is an extreme competitor and very aware of everything that's going on. Takes each possession like it's our last, and really coaches with the type of intensity and passion that you want from a coach.''' ,'''I got the extreme confidence and belief in myself.''' ,'''When things are good or bad, I know what to lean on.''' ,'''You know the Knicks, they weren't a good team, obviously, when I got here and I just kinda wanted to be a part of rebuilding, establishing the culture here.''' ,'''If you look at every star in the game, everyone has tendencies.''' ,'''You just take the negatives and learn to make a positive out of it.''' ,'''I love playing in New York.''' ,'''I will say this about Thibs, he's a tough coach if you don't like to be coached or if you don't like to play or do things the right way, then he's tough.''' ,'''I have been through a lot.''' ,'''If you ask Thibs the most important thing is winning games, so that's all he cares about - that's all we care about.''' ,'''Growing up, I dreamed about playing in the NBA.''' ,'''I want to retire as a New York Knick.''' ,'''I'm the biggest Laker fan. Probably more of a Kobe fan.''' ,'''I meditate before every game, I try to meditate every day.''' ,'''Obviously the Knicks have so much history and tradition, so to be a part of that is obviously a blessing for sure.''' ,'''Not having my dad in the house really wasn't tough for me because my mom in the house is really all I know.''' ,'''Before I ever had the idea of doing the partnership and deal with Celsius, I was already drinking it at my house for over a year. My family, everybody loves to drink it. It's authentic to me in that sense and as far as energy drinks it's really hard to find a good option as far as being healthy.''' ,'''I wanted to be a Knick, I wanted to be one of the greats here.''' ,'''I think I can fit in multiple styles and adjust to multiple styles just because of my skill set.''' ,'''I'll be able to play all over the floor.''' ,'''It's just an honor to wear the U.S.A. across your chest.''' ,'''Everybody can't come to New York and take the hits, take the hits of the city, take the hits of the media, take the hits of the fans. It's real.''' ,'''I just worry about every year trying to add something to my game, come back a better player.''' ,'''Just to be able to compete is fun.''' ,'''My grandmother left an incredible legacy and mark on my life and my family.''' ,'''A lot of things about my way of leadership is to be vocal, but I try to lead by example - how I approach work and study the game. Do the things the right way. It's a great responsibility I love to have.''' ,'''A lot of people may have had their doubts or whatever in me. And that was just motivation, that was fuel.''' ,'''I'm not a selfish player - never been a selfish player in my life. Always been about the team.''' ,'''When I realized I was having a baby boy, I wanted him to know that I'm there in his life: 'Dad loves him. Dad's always going to support him and be there for him.' I don't want him to have to worry about anything.''' ,'''Thibs is a guy that... just expects a certain level of professionalism, he expects you to do things the right way, be prepared and do things the right way on a day-to-day basis, and if you don't want to do that, then it's gonna be tough.''' ,'''You don't go into a game expecting to lose.''' ,'''I know not to get too high or too low.''' ,'''I'm not scared of anybody.''' ,'''Like if you know one thing about Thibs, he loves those who want to work.''' ,'''Anyone who loves the game is going to be sensitive about their craft.''' ,'''You grow up idolizing somebody you don't really know what to expect when you first meet him.''' ,'''I hate for teams to score or for somebody to score on me.''' ,'''I'm 6-9. But somehow I'm lucky enough to where I can go into Neiman's and find a shirt I like and it fits just right.''' ,'''LeBron had a pretty bad draft suit.''' ,'''Like everything else in the league, you want to be wanted.''' ,'''I'm protective kind of aggressive, a caring personality. I guess it's just kind of who I am naturally, once I get to really know somebody.''' ,'''I don't care what anyone says - there's no tougher place to play than New York with the media and the fans who know and love the game. It's a tough place to play.''' ,'''I definitely think I've grown as a leader.''' ,'''I'm trying so hard to win or make the right play or whatever, that you know, it kind of comes off as being selfish, but I'm not, I'm just used to being the guy.''' ,'''Meditation helps you get in the zone.''' ,'''I'm like, 'No, I don't wanna be the next Shaq. I wanna be Kobe.' So I always just dribbled the ball everywhere I went... It was kind of a natural thing. I don't even work on it, honestly.''' ,'''I grew up a huge fan of Kobe.''' ,'''Kobe was my favorite player from just the way he went about competition. He was so skilled, but his mindset and his approach were really what I took away from him more than anything. How tactical, passionate and detailed he is about the game - he really loved the game.''' ,'''I started getting into clothes when I was really young. And then I went through a phase in middle school where I didn't care at all. But after that, after high school, I really got into high fashion. Balmain, Givenchy, Louboutin, all that.''' ,'''It was just my mom, my sister and me. And from a young age, my mom always said I was like the man of the house. I really became the man of the house. And I really took that responsibility very seriously: being the man of the house, the protector.''' ,'''There are things I know I need to work on and things I can get better at.''' ,'''I've always been fortunate and blessed enough to have the right people in my life.''' ,'''For me, as someone who takes the game seriously, really loves the game of basketball, just looking at the trajectory of my career and every year I've done something to improve.''' ,'''For me, it's about getting better from game to game, improving as a player.''' ,'''For a coach to believe in you is key. Not only for the success of the player, but mainly for the success of the team.''' ,'''Try to really focus in on what makes you the best version of you.''' ,'''Kobe's going to challenge you and push you. If you have a certain fire, a love for the game, that doesn't bother you.''' ,'''My goal is to prove that I'm the best.''' ,'''You can get all the knowledge and wisdom and advice you want. But, it's up to you to put in the work.''' ,'''It's easy to grab a coffee to start the day, put a bunch of cream and sugar in there, but that's probably not the best type of energy boost that you want to begin a workout.''' ,'''If you look at the big picture, you start losing your focus on the little things.''' ,'''I love the game of basketball. I want to get better, I want to improve.''' ,'''Thibs is dope. Honestly, he's a players' coach.''' ,'''On game days, I like a huge breakfast. It'll be some eggs, preferably an omelet, some protein. It has to be a huge.''' ,]
+++