+++
author = "Jane Levy"
title = "Jane Levy Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Jane Levy Quotes"
keywords = "jane levy,jane levy quotes,jane levy quote,jane levy sayings,jane levy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Violence is a part of the world and life, and you shouldn't have to take it out of stories.''' ,'''I'm not necessarily a horror fan. I just never really watched them that much.''' ,'''I know plenty people, and I've done it myself, where you lock yourself inside for four days and you a watch a whole series. It's like watching a never-ending movie. It's great not to have to wait for the next season or the next week.''' ,'''My boyfriend and I don't get to live in the same city all the time, and the fact that I can text him or call him or even Skype with him is so wonderful.''' ,'''One of the only TV shows that I really love is 'Twin Peaks.' Kyle McLachlan plays Agent Dale Cooper, and I love Dale Cooper, so I'm in love with Kyle McLachlan. He could be my dad, so it's really weird.''' ,'''Your imagination is your most important tool as an actor, as cheesy as that sounds.''' ,'''I like jeans with sneakers or boots.''' ,'''To be honest, there are so many things I learned in acting school beyond the method; it was a safe place to practice. So acting school was about exercising that acting muscle and doing it every single day - and having people tell you that you're bad every single day! Which pushes you to work even harder.''' ,'''I hate censorship, man. I really do.''' ,'''I don't like roller coasters. I don't like bungee jumping. I don't like snow boarding really fast down the hill. I am not someone who is an adrenaline junkie.''' ,'''I didn't grow up watching movies and thinking, 'Oh, I wanna be in those!'''' ,'''I went to England for five months when I was in high school, by myself, so I did experience a bit of being the fish out of water.''' ,'''I'm from the suburbs and where I'm from didn't necessarily have people like you see in 'Suburgatory,' but along those lines and I think people will laugh at themselves. And it's lighthearted.''' ,'''I love to eat.''' ,'''I try not to live my life on my phone or my social media pages.''' ,'''At college, I wasn't passionate about anything I was studying.''' ,'''My mom is the recycling Nazi, and I always bring a bag to the grocery store.''' ,'''Fairy tales are really violent, the original ones.''' ,'''The whole thing about doing TV is that you never know what's going to happen. You just have to go with it and go with the flow.''' ,'''I never met Sam Raimi in my whole life.''' ,'''Honestly, it's hard to learn about comedy from comedians. Comedy is not something that you necessarily learn or can imitate. You're funny or you're not, and you hope what you're doing is funny.''' ,'''I think that I can improv.''' ,'''I haven't even watched that many movies; I'm, like, a weird actor.''' ,'''All over the world, maybe besides literature, there's nothing that touches many people as movies do. People see them everywhere.''' ,'''I don't watch TV; it's pretty weird, I know.''' ,'''I keep all of my letters, postcards, and thank you notes. I'll keep them forever!''' ,'''I have very complex and complicated ideas about technology. It's such a prominent way that we communicate with each other. In ways, I think it's really positive, and in ways, I think it's really negative.''' ,'''When I was little, I asked my mom to move us to Los Angeles and get me an agent. She would say, 'Stop it. Go play in the dirt.'''' ,'''I'm not a natural redhead, but I enjoy having red hair.''' ,'''I've never seen 'Evil Dead 2.' Sorry about that. I'm sorry to the world.''' ,'''I do like the whole idea of going to a location to shoot a movie, and there is a start date and a finish date, and a lot of special things happen within those weeks.''' ,'''My mom was one of the original designers for Coach in the eighties, and she designed some classics, including the City Bag. It's the only bag I use!''' ,'''What's fun about being an actress is you change all the time.''' ,'''I have amazing parents and some really great friends that would kick my butt if I ever started acting different.''' ,'''I actually failed my first license test. I got an automatic fail. I guess I had been doing well but she had to pull the emergency brake so obviously there was a problem. I remember them handing me my fail paper and me just bursting into tears.''' ,'''Auditioning is such an unnatural thing. You're in a tiny little room with, like, seven people cramped together, acting to a casting director; just, none of it makes any sense.''' ,'''I developed a sense of self before moving to crazy Hollywood, which was really important.''' ,'''Costume is a huge part of getting into character. Your body soaks in what you're wearing, and you turn into someone else.''' ,]
+++