+++
author = "Yui Mizuno"
title = "Yui Mizuno Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Yui Mizuno Quotes"
keywords = "yui mizuno,yui mizuno quotes,yui mizuno quote,yui mizuno sayings,yui mizuno saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''YouTube is a place for everybody to get together and interact and share their love for Babymetal.''' ,'''Our actions are preordained by the Fox God's prophecy.''' ,'''We definitely want to go abroad, to meet fans and spread BABYMETAL even further.''' ,'''We are aiming to create a new genre with a new style in terms of visuals and sound. A mixture of dance and metal which strays away from the traditional or conventional metal band.''' ,'''When the first video was uploaded to YouTube, that's when we realized that people outside of Japan were interested. That's where we see Babymetal spreading, with people trying to mimic music or dance moves.''' ,'''I think people like catchy and new types of music.''' ,'''The Tokyo Dome is a huge venue, so for us, its such a prestigious opportunity.''' ,'''Dance routines for 'Meta Taro' are easy to remember, so this is a song for every generation from little kids to seniors to enjoy our shows by dancing together. I hope the song will be a gateway into metal music for the non-metal audience.''' ,'''I did not know what metal was, so I never headbanged before... I used to have muscle pain that lasted three days... but now I am used to it and I have more stamina now.''' ,'''I've never been in a moshpit. I think I'd get smashed to bits.''' ,'''We want to continue to challenge ourselves and make sure that we do not lose our unique identity as BABYMETAL.''' ,'''You know how you wave your hands when you say good-bye? We want to get so big that people use the kitsune sign instead!''' ,'''The main thing was metal was scary. But thanks to Babymetal and being exposed to different types of music, we've learned to love metal.''' ,'''We've really learned that music is something that people share all over the world.''' ,'''Of course our music has a lot of positive messages and we try to reach out to kids our age or people younger because we feel we get motivation by songs.''' ,'''I like the freedom America has. In Japan people tend to think too much about others' opinions and how to be like everybody else but to Americans it seems more important to be who you are and find your own way.''' ,'''At first we had a scary image of metal and it was hard to approach other artists.''' ,'''We truly experienced a lot as artists.''' ,'''We were worried at first that our music and message wouldn't get across because we were singing in Japanese. But as we continued doing world tours, we realized and felt that music surpasses such things as language barriers, countries and race.''' ,'''I experienced many moments when we were able to overcome language barriers. When they like something during our shows, American audiences would tend to show our fox signs or move their bodies.''' ,'''It's really great to hear that people do look at us as role models and we hope we are able to live up to that expectation as well.''' ,'''We had no clue what heavy metal was. We were like: 'What's that?'''' ,]
+++