+++
author = "Greg Olsen"
title = "Greg Olsen Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Greg Olsen Quotes"
keywords = "greg olsen,greg olsen quotes,greg olsen quote,greg olsen sayings,greg olsen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''With my size and receiving skills, I would hope I could cause some matchup problems for defenses, and that some team sees that.''' ,'''In 2012, I had a son born with very severe congenital heart defect that was life-threatening and required him to go through a series of open-heart surgeries, as young as two days old, and subsequent other procedures.''' ,'''Obviously, you're always shocked when you feel like you're not wanted anymore.''' ,'''I never want to see active or retired players ever struggle. The basic human being in me wants to see guys leave the game as healthy as possible.''' ,'''You've got to sustain drives in this league.''' ,'''You can only gain the real intricacies of playing by playing. You can study the playbook all you want and you can ask as many questions, but until you're out there out of the field doing it, that's the only way is to mess it up, or do it right and cement and then learn from it.''' ,'''I've had some good games and some not so good games, hopefully all the fans remember the good ones.''' ,'''When you throw your fourth touchdown of a game in the NFL... it's hard to do.''' ,'''During the offseason, when you don't have the worries and the grind of the games and the wear and tear of your body, you can really attack the training element a lot harder. More load on your body, more stress - whether that be through running or in the weight room with the lifting program that you're doing at the time.''' ,'''Something I've always prided myself on is not only can you be highly productive, but can you be highly productive continuously.''' ,'''I feel like if you start taking a lot of days off, you start taking breaks from training, you start taking breaks because you use the 'I'm getting old' excuse, that's the fastest way to a decline.''' ,'''I take a lot of pride in playing every week, practicing every day because I believe that's the only way you can continue to get better.''' ,'''The city of Charlotte has become our family and this forever will be home.''' ,'''We've learned a lot about ourselves as a family about perseverance and continuing to be mentally strong and continue to take the good with the bad and wake up the next day and do it all over again.''' ,'''We don't live our life on panic.''' ,'''Sometimes when you struggle as a team, everyone starts to look to the future.''' ,'''Being in the media is one of those things that so many guys say they'd like to do after they play. But you need to actually try a few different avenues to see if you like it - or if you'd be good at it.''' ,'''I probably have the longest pre-game warm-up in the NFL - it's actually gotten longer over the years.''' ,'''As players, you have to go out and do the best you can and show in practice that you deserve to be one of the 46 guys up.''' ,'''There's a lot of guys that are productive for a four- or five-game stretch, then have to sit out. Or are great one year and fall off. I don't ever want that to be me.''' ,'''I think I've been very fortunate. I have obviously played a lot of snaps and played a lot of games, so my mileage is high. But I've been very fortunate that I've been able to stay relatively healthy, no major surgeries and stuff like that.''' ,'''I think we've learned in our society that people are scared sometimes of something that's different.''' ,'''We don't live our life worrying.''' ,'''I've had a few bad plays, but who hasn't?''' ,'''In this league, it's so easy to get caught up in if this team loses and this team wins, and you get there, we can have home field.''' ,'''If I can stay healthy, I know what I'm able to do.''' ,'''I just love information.''' ,'''Be productive, but be productive consistently.''' ,'''Everyone always thinks the grass is greener. That's sports.''' ,'''Typically in training camp, especially as I've gotten older, we were always very selective with the plays. If it was a pass or a look I needed to get in the run game or pass protection, I was always in there to get it.''' ,'''I had the opportunity to go up to New York and be on the 'Inside Amy Schumer' show with Michael Strahan and Vernon Davis and those guys. That was an opportunity that presented itself, and it was something different and fun. I had a great time. Those guys are really good dudes, and she's obviously incredibly talented.''' ,'''Every year, you try to evolve a little bit. You try to introduce new elements to your offense.''' ,'''With digital and podcasting and the amount of radio outlets - traditional stations but with satellite radio - there's a billion ways to get your voice out.''' ,'''I take a lot of pride in impacting the game with or without the ball. That's something that only a few guys in the league can do that.''' ,'''I wear a composite non-stick glove.''' ,'''In the football world, we throw around words like 'sacrifice,' 'hard work' and 'hero.'''' ,'''The reality of going to the Super Bowl was beyond words, as was the disappointment of falling short.''' ,'''Obviously, ESPN, that Monday Night gig is a big deal. You don't just easily dismiss that.''' ,'''Personally, I really approach every year the same way. I take my offseason training seriously.''' ,'''Don't dive into the weeds of mock drafts and rumors, because that's all that they are. They're just rumors.''' ,'''There are certain memories and specific days that you can never get out of your head no matter how hard you try. I'm talking about everything, including the feelings you had at the time.''' ,'''The one thing I'll never do is I'll never jeopardize my preparation. I'll never jeopardize any time or energy or efforts that need to be put into my preparation to play football.''' ,'''I'm not usually a beard guy.''' ,'''When I was a junior in high school, my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer. To see her struggle and go through chemo, radiation and surgery, and all those things made a huge impact on us as a family.''' ,'''There are a lot of issues where I feel I have room to learn more about and possibly as a result have a change in opinion.''' ,'''Player safety's important.''' ,'''I played a lot of games with this body, so I'll take it.''' ,'''There's a lot that goes into being able to play every game and every practice and take every rep. Every year it gets a little bit harder, but I also enjoy that challenge.''' ,'''I think everybody thinks I'm a little crazy.''' ,'''I want the Carolina Panthers to be successful.''' ,'''For anyone who knows me, I'm usually relatively cleanshaven most times.''' ,'''Guys every year across the league look for new contracts. That's just the business in the NFL.''' ,'''The thing about the NFL is nobody cares. Nobody feels bad for you. Nobody feels sorry for you... They don't care if you're hurt. They don't care if you don't feel good. You have a bad call. Play goes against you? No one cares. You've got to play. You've got to win.''' ,'''Workouts are a little different when you're 31 versus 21.''' ,'''To be in complete control of the game in the fourth-quarter and just self-destruct, it's tough.''' ,'''I actually played in Chicago with DK Metcalf's father.''' ,'''At the end of the day, no one has won more games than Russell Wilson and the Seattle Seahawks to start a guy's career, right. So success there has also made them a little, you know, it's almost spoiled them a little bit.''' ,'''I try to be pretty in tune with my body. If you play this game long enough, you're going to wake up and one day your knee is going to hurt or your back is going to hurt.''' ,'''At the end of the day I'm a football player. I'm paid to be prepared and people rely on me to get a job done, and I will never jeopardize that or sacrifice any efforts toward that goal.''' ,'''No one ever gets to write their ending, write their final script.''' ,'''Both productivity and all things considered, there's nobody that's been more productive or more consistent than I have. And I'll stand on that until the cows come home.''' ,'''The hardest thing about winning is to continue to win, and I think human instinct says 'OK, I've done this before. I got it, let's just keep doing what we're doing.'''' ,'''If I could coach LeBron James for one year, I could make him an All-Pro wide receiver.''' ,'''Be durable. Play every game. That's a lot that goes into that.''' ,'''My approach every game really tries to stay the same. I try not to make it about me. I try not to make it about my personal vendettas.''' ,'''We can't make or break our whole season on the first game.''' ,'''I think you get a lot of life experiences and they all get dumped in a locker room and they say 'Hey, spend 10 months a year with each other.' That's a great example that just because you have different backgrounds and you may be staunchly on the other side on different issues, it doesn't mean that you can't cohabitate.''' ,'''I don't mind being with a bunch of chicks. I'm around boys non-stop. I'm totally cool having a break from dudes.''' ,'''Doctors give your family three options when your unborn baby is diagnosed with HLHS. You can terminate the pregnancy, you can have the baby and refuse treatment, or you can go through with the three surgeries our doctor had told us about. There was never any doubt in our minds that we were going to give our child a chance to survive and thrive.''' ,'''I don't get wrapped up in catches and fantasy football. It's not the way I view the tight end position.''' ,'''I've always been a guy who didn't mind speaking to reporters.''' ,'''It takes two sides to put things together.''' ,'''Being told that your child will be born with HLHS is absolutely heartbreaking.''' ,'''It's a brutal game. It requires a certain type of person to play it. Once you make the decision to play it, that's your decision. I know what I signed up for. It allows me to provide for my family.''' ,'''For as much fun as I have out there with my teammates, nothing will ever compare to the joy I get from running around and laughing with my kids.''' ,'''You look at the skills involved, especially with things like lateral movement or change of direction, and there's definitely a strong correlation between playing basketball and playing tight end.''' ,'''I learned that the simplest things made me the happiest.''' ,'''My family obviously takes up a lot of my time and that's by choice.''' ,'''We have an amazing family and our kids and just so much to look forward to for our life. You just don't want to ever take that for granted because we found out pretty fast that it's pretty fragile.''' ,'''Proud of what I was able to accomplish in this league, proud of the relationships and everything that the game has given me.''' ,'''I'm very confident on where I stand in the league and where I belong.''' ,'''I could turn Russell Westbrook into an All-Pro free safety.''' ,'''I would argue there's not a lot of guys that has to do more than just catch the ball like me.''' ,'''I've always been a stroller guy. I love pushing them.''' ,'''I think that at some point the NFL and the NCAA years ago or decades ago, whenever the time frame is kind of struck up that agreement as a 'we'll take care of you, you take care of us.'''' ,'''Since we've come to Charlotte, we very quickly realized that this is home. This community quickly embraced our family, so we put down roots here. We love it here. This is home for us.''' ,'''That's not my position to compare myself to other guys. I look at it as can I be productive, can I get the job done?''' ,'''If you ask every team, they want to win every game, obviously.''' ,'''I love playing.''' ,'''I think there's no greater impact on a young kid's life than high school sports.''' ,'''For a young kid to be expected at 15, 16, 17 years old to know what to do - it's hard. It's a tough ask.''' ,'''I think you don't take things for granted. You don't think you're going to just show up, because you've won in the past, thinking that all of a sudden that means that it's going to happen again.''' ,'''In the offseason the priority is for us to get healthy, to best try to optimize our physical qualities, get faster, stronger - make sure our body is prepared for this long run and in a good place to try to prevent injuries.''' ,'''My body type and physique has allowed me to be pretty dynamic and allowed me to do multiple things, both in the run game and the pass game.''' ,'''It's hard to run the ball with 8-9 guys in the box.''' ,'''In this league, you make your own luck, you make your own fate.''' ,'''It's very common business for players and management to go back and forth and try to find common ground.''' ,'''I think I've shown that I can get up the middle, create some separation, and catch the ball.''' ,'''From the strength involved, the jumping, to body positioning and control, there are similarities. Playing basketball at a pretty good high school level, in a state where there were strong programs, definitely helped make me a better tight end.''' ,'''Our main efforts for our foundation is our HEARTest Yard program that we run here in Charlotte at Levine Children's Hospital.''' ,]
+++