+++
author = "Kris Humphries"
title = "Kris Humphries Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Kris Humphries Quotes"
keywords = "kris humphries,kris humphries quotes,kris humphries quote,kris humphries sayings,kris humphries saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm someone who always comes on the court no matter what's going on in my life. It's all about basketball and my teammates and my team. I don't let any distractions in, and I bring my best every night, regardless of what's going on or what people are talking about.''' ,'''It's not superstition, but I do everything exactly the same on game days. I'm a creature of habit. I eat the same breakfast, and then I drive the same way to practice. Then I come back and eat the same exact same lunch before every game.''' ,'''I eat about 4,500 calories every day, but I eat only nutritious, organic foods, and I don't eat added sugars.''' ,'''I don't talk to media or anyone before games. I just put my headphones on, turn up some hip-hop, and get in the zone.''' ,'''I don't always match up with guys like Dwight Howard or Andrew Bynum, but when I do, those guys are a challenge. Dwight, for example, is quick, explosive, and strong all in one.''' ,'''I also eat fruit instead of drinking juices. That's something I've read up on. I think that if you drink a lot of fruit juice you take in way too much sugar. You'd be better off eating a bunch of strawberries or apples.''' ,'''My whole mindset in training is to be explosive and fast, and I try not to get too big and bulky.''' ,'''I think the way I eat is the foundation of my performance.''' ,]
+++