+++
author = "Rajkumar Hirani"
title = "Rajkumar Hirani Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Rajkumar Hirani Quotes"
keywords = "rajkumar hirani,rajkumar hirani quotes,rajkumar hirani quote,rajkumar hirani sayings,rajkumar hirani saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Attenborough's 'Gandhi' shook me as a filmmaker.''' ,'''Writing is a lonely process.''' ,'''Without its roots in reality, I don't think escapism can survive.''' ,'''My natural bend is to get attracted towards things that have been an influence in my life.''' ,'''That's a battle we are always fighting whenever we cut trailers or promos for films. We always wonder how much to say, and every filmmaker wants to say the minimum. You don't want to reveal your film and ruin the viewing experience.''' ,'''I prefer to be a director and a narrator rather than a writer.''' ,'''I edit as I write and shoot. Any extra line, any pause that I know will get chopped on the editing table is done away with then and there.''' ,'''Most biopics are stories of people who achieve something. It's an easier graph, a rags-to-riches story, or wanting something and reaching that. Sanju's life is not actually a case like that.''' ,'''I am not really worried about how others perceive me.''' ,'''There's a big time influence Hrishikesh Mukherjee has always had on my work. I can watch 'Anand,' 'Golmaal' or 'Chupke Chupke' as many times as possible. I just really admire his kind of cinema.''' ,'''The longest break I have taken in my life was 14 days. On the 15th day, I started getting impatient to start work again.''' ,'''In terms of films, I don't like to show pain. I'd like to show hope.''' ,'''You need to have a liberal point of view for a society to grow.''' ,'''I love 'Rang De Basanti.'''' ,'''100 years of Indian cinema has happened. Anything you do, feels like it has already been done. The struggle is to find a new and unique idea.''' ,'''I have a terrible reputation for being nervous.''' ,'''The more you succeed, the more you want people to love your efforts.''' ,'''You need to write about something that you really know about or you deeply connect with. Don't fake it.''' ,'''When you make a film you make a film. You don't think about how it will be marketed.''' ,'''One must always attempt to make good films, even if you fail it is ok. It is a journey, you have both good and bad days.''' ,'''So you know, as a filmmaker you have to get it all right in the writing stage. After that, one has to leave it on the judgement of your trusted ones and the audiences.''' ,'''If you make something from your heart, of course you want it to connect with the people.''' ,'''I spent five years after '3 Idiots' making my next film. I didn't see a single penny in those five years.''' ,'''I can make any film I want to make.''' ,'''I'm a filmmaker first, nothing else matters.''' ,'''I don't think anything comes naturally; you just have to work very hard.''' ,'''A lot of my writing and my detailing of scenes are based on my observations of life in Nagpur.''' ,'''It is impossible to know what people will like. No market research, formulas will help, it's best to stop guessing.''' ,'''The pressure is always there to make good films, but that is more from your mindset, either you have it or you don't have it.''' ,'''Dad had a huge influence on me. I really look up to him for his brave acts. He was an outspoken man. For him, if it was the right thing, he would stand up for the smallest guy around him.''' ,'''Vidhu Vinod Chopra is the only man I see around who makes films because he thinks 'this is a story that needs to be told, so let's tell it.'''' ,'''I have been in advertising and I know my craft well, but ultimately in cinema every scene has to matter, and that has to do with the writing.''' ,'''No one sets out to write escapism as a film's subject matter unless, maybe, you are making a fantasy flick.''' ,'''See, most films are about achievers. You see a film like 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag' or 'Dhoni.' Even 'Gandhi,' or the biopic on Lincoln. They end in triumph, on a high.''' ,'''Assuming audiences to be dumb, that's a big fallacy.''' ,'''I lived in Bandra East, on the 12th floor. There was a small earthquake; I could feel the building shaking. I was halfway down the stairs when I realised I'd forgotten my laptop, and all my scripts were on it. If I lost the laptop, I'd lose all my work. I ran back up to get it!''' ,'''Making a film confusing does not make it intelligent.''' ,'''With fiction, you can do whatever you want to, but if you are making a film on someone, you have to stick to the truth. You cannot just say that I will change the climax because I do not like it.''' ,'''When I make a film, the yardstick is my mind. If I laugh at the jokes and feel sad at the serious undersides, then the subject works.''' ,'''I've often been asked why my shot-taking is not stylish, why I don't think about visual statements. The truth is, style is irrelevant. I never think of the shot as much as I think of the characters and what they are saying and doing.''' ,'''Film-makers are greedy people - we want good stories and good subjects.''' ,'''The only time you do not get nervous is when you are making your first film. At that time, just the joy of making a movie is so high that you do not care; you are happy to have finally made it. It is only later that you want your film to be seen and appreciated by people.''' ,'''Any holiday seems like a guilt trip.''' ,'''Scale is very easy actually. Put a camera on a jib or a drone and get bloody big shots on big sets, it's very easy. But then you're distracted. If you're looking at the shot, you aren't following the story any more.''' ,'''I like Ranbir Kapoor, Ranveer Singh and Hrithik Roshan. I would love to work with them all.''' ,'''Taking nuances from real life will help you make scenes that have never been done before. It keeps the story interesting.''' ,'''Filmmaking is a very collaborative art. Unlike a painting that an artist paints sitting by himself, as a director, you have to work with a team.''' ,'''As writers, we are sketching people all the time when we write fiction.''' ,'''You never know the depth of an actor.''' ,'''Whenever I finish a film, I feel that this is the worst film that I have made. This is bound to happen because while writing, directing and editing a film, I would have lived it 5000 times. Naturally, one tends to loose objectivity.''' ,'''I feel the primary job of cinema is to entertain.''' ,'''A director should be in a position where he is only directing. On the sets, he is only looking at the performances, thinking 'How I am going to shoot this?'''' ,'''I think in any work of art, there always will be randomness about what is good, what is bad.''' ,'''Someday I want to really talk about religion and blind faith. I explored astrologers, palmistry etcetra at length till I believed it was a scam. Even in '3 Idiots' I take a dig at them.''' ,'''I get so many scripts a day but none of them inspires me. If I get a good inspiring script, then I will be most happy to make it into a film.''' ,'''Religion is man-made. Every religion says my 'God is the best.'''' ,'''An editor does not just join shots. He creates emotions out of the shots.''' ,'''Writers should be respected.''' ,'''I can lock myself for months in the editing suite with no noise or distractions. It's fascinating to see the film taking shape.''' ,'''I would love to make more films.''' ,'''Like every father who wants his son to be either an engineer or a doctor, my father wanted me to become a doctor. I never did.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you don't remember 'Mother India' or 'Pyaasa' for the business it did, you remember them because they had a good story to tell.''' ,'''But I don't think as film-makers it is our responsibility that every time we make a film we should be saying something. If you are entertaining people, that's more than enough.''' ,'''PK' is a very unique story. There are no benchmarks in Hindi cinema to give you an idea about 'PK.'''' ,'''Very honestly, I don't feel 'Munnabhai' is a comedy film. I seriously feel it is a very emotional film.''' ,'''I like playing with languages and dialects as we have so many in India. Adding a dialect just makes the dialogues more colorful.''' ,'''There is no good or bad cinema, there are films that connect either less or more with audience.''' ,'''In 'Sanju,' there are too many colours. Some other filmmaker could have taken a dark side to that story.''' ,'''It takes time to write a script and properly make the film and edit it.''' ,'''In non-fiction, I like Wayne Dyer. I have a compilation of his best quotes near my bed! To me he's one of the finest authors.''' ,'''While we were filming 'Munna Bhai MBBS,' we didn't think we were doing some kind of mainstream cinema. I only knew that I was doing a different kind of cinema.''' ,'''I am trying to make the kind of film that I would be happy to see.''' ,'''Editing is a meditative process. I enjoy it the most. I am not dealing with 200 people.''' ,'''Every film is a journey.''' ,'''I don't understand why we learn what we do for most of it is of no use to us in our careers. To get a grade, students learn just about everything and later none of this is relevant. Grades become more important than learning.''' ,'''Vidhu Vinod Chopra, who has produced my earlier films, is still a part of 'PK' and is presenting it. He is not a hands-on producer - he used to put a certain amount in the bank and give me the cheque book.''' ,'''When you focus on your own work, it all falls in place. People respect you.''' ,'''I'm absolutely open to scripts written by someone else.''' ,'''I grew up in Nagpur, and I first started enjoying the author Harishankar Parsai. He wrote mostly satire, essays on the current situation and social issues. He wrote many books and I think he was my first influence.''' ,'''In Hollywood, the system is so streamlined, the administration is in place. That's why every six months Spielberg is able to make a film.''' ,'''Every actor is great in his own right but certain actors suit certain roles.''' ,'''I would say films inspire me more than the makers.''' ,'''I read till I fall asleep. Daytime actually I feel guilty reading - I always feel I should be doing something else!''' ,'''Bad choices make good stories.''' ,'''Writing a script consumes so much of time.''' ,'''I have the highest respect for the concept of 'Advait' - the oneness of all humans - that is central to Indian culture, thought, and religion.''' ,'''I take time to write my script, if I have more scripts, I will make more movies.''' ,'''I'm a film maker, not a crusader. I know a film will not change the world. If it can make a difference to a few that's good enough.''' ,'''I think I have taken more holidays with Boman than I have with my wife.''' ,'''When your first movie releases, in my case it was 'Munnabhai MBBS,' I was just relieved that it was out there. Just that sheer thought makes you happy.''' ,'''For me, cinema is happiness.''' ,'''I like human-interest movies that are light-hearted.''' ,'''After I finish any film, I move to the next one. It takes about a year to write and another six months are for pre-production and other things. You need a minimum of two-and-a-half months for the shooting of a new film. Then, I also edit my own film.''' ,'''I feel some people are cynical by nature. You show them anything, they only see the problems and negatives.''' ,'''Films have to find a way to compress many anecdotes into one, or many events into one. Otherwise there is no way to tell it in two and a half hours.''' ,'''I try and get what I want using the strengths that the actors have.''' ,'''I completely work on the basis of my intuition. I don't think I premeditate a success formula. There is no formula to make a successful film.''' ,'''To preach is very boring, and nobody wants free advice. But if it's entertainment, then this changes. If you explain something to a kid through an interesting story, he'll be hooked.''' ,'''A lot of medical problems are solved if doctors are nice to patients. If you can make them think positive, you may not need medication.''' ,'''Nagpur was a very small town. There was no exposure to different kinds of films or world cinema. Only Manmohan Desai films.''' ,]
+++