+++
author = "Sam Houston"
title = "Sam Houston Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Sam Houston Quotes"
keywords = "sam houston,sam houston quotes,sam houston quote,sam houston sayings,sam houston saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am aware that in presenting myself as the advocate of the Indians and their rights, I shall stand very much alone.''' ,'''We are poor, feeble, and blind mortals when the eye of the Almighty looks through all worlds and by his power executes all things aright, and by his grace, he makes us all rich in Heavenly Gifts. In distress and in bereavements, we can look only to him. From mortals like ourselves we can derive no help.''' ,'''For Texas, a wise and prudent administration in the commencement of her national existence will be universally expected, imposing upon me the difficult and delicate task of setting in complete and successful operation a political body based upon principles so hazardously asserted and so gloriously maintained.''' ,'''We view ourselves on the eve of battle. We are nerved for the conquest and must conquer or perish. It is vain to look for present aid: None is at hand. We must now act or abandon all hope!''' ,'''The benefits of education and of useful knowledge, generally diffused through a community, are essential to the preservation of a free government.''' ,'''The soldier who gropes for glory must submit himself to discipline. Subordination gives strength and security to an army. He that will not submit to it when corrected and improved by the experience of ages does not deserve the proud appellation of a soldier.''' ,'''Texas has yet to learn submission to any oppression, come from what source it may.''' ,'''I would not be gotten into a schoolhouse until I was eight years old. Nor did I accomplish much after I started. I doubt if I had gone to school six months in all when my father died. I was fourteen at the time.''' ,'''In the name of the constitution of Texas, which has been trampled upon, I refuse to take this oath. I love Texas too well to bring civil strife and bloodshed upon her.''' ,'''Texas, with her superior natural advantages, must become a point of attraction, and the policy of establishing with her the earliest relations of friendship and commerce will not escape the eye of statesmen.''' ,'''Remember that whatever may be said by a lady or her friends, it is not part of conduct of a gallant or generous man to take up arms against a woman.''' ,'''Texas, to be respected, must be polite. Santa Anna, living, can be of incalculable benefit to Texas; Santa Anna, dead, would just be another dead Mexican.''' ,'''Union can achieve everything when sustained by gallant hearts and correct principles, while anarchy and insubordination must fail in the achievement of every thing beneficial and glorious to mankind.''' ,'''Brandy is the great cause of destruction for the aborigines of America.''' ,'''A leader is someone who helps improve the lives of other people or improve the system they live under.''' ,'''We now occupy the proud attitude of a sovereign and independent Republic, which will impose upon us the obligation of evincing to the world that we are worthy to be free. This will only be accomplished by wise legislation, the maintenance of our integrity, and the faithful and just redemption of our plighted faith wherever it has been pledged.''' ,'''All new states are invested, more or less, by a class of noisy, second-rate men who are always in favor of rash and extreme measures, but Texas was absolutely overrun by such men.''' ,'''Nothing can be better calculated to advance our interests and character than the establishment of a liberal and disinterested policy, enlightened by patriotism and guided by wisdom.''' ,'''I would give no thought of what the world might say of me, if I could only transmit to posterity the reputation of an honest man.''' ,'''Diversified interests must exist in every community, and that system which is best calculated to promote the general interest is the one which should be adopted and adhered to with fidelity.''' ,'''Nothing can conduce more to the order and stability of a government than the simplicity of the laws, the proper definition of rights, and their impartial and consistent administration.''' ,'''There would be no difficulty in securing the rights of the people and the liberties of Texas if men would march to their duty and not fly like recreants from danger. Texas must be defended and liberty maintained.''' ,'''Texas will again lift its head and stand among the nations. It ought to do so, for no country upon the globe can compare with it in natural advantages.''' ,'''I am making myself less frequent in the Lady World than I have been. I must keep up my dignity, or rather, I must attend more to politics and less to love.''' ,]
+++