+++
author = "Kodi Smit-Mcphee"
title = "Kodi Smit-Mcphee Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Kodi Smit-Mcphee Quotes"
keywords = "kodi smit-mcphee,kodi smit-mcphee quotes,kodi smit-mcphee quote,kodi smit-mcphee sayings,kodi smit-mcphee saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think 'Paranorman' was a great adventure.''' ,'''If I could choose any car in the world, I'd get a Lamborghini, but I think that's a bit too much money. I'll start off with maybe a V8 or something.''' ,'''I don't really like simple characters too much; it's too easy. I like a challenge, and I like characters you connect with on screen.''' ,'''I'm geeky about video games. I don't stay inside a lot and just play them 24/7, but if I had the chance, I probably would.''' ,''''The Road' was my first American film, my first film in the snow. The first of everything. So, I was jumping into it, and that was pretty grueling.''' ,'''My favorite genre is comedy.''' ,'''I've got to write about my character every day. I've got to find out where he lives, what bus he catches to school, and stuff like that. You've got to know every little thing about him so when you do it, it feels natural.''' ,'''I like animation: you can go to work in your pyjamas.''' ,'''I haven't seen 'The Exorcist,' but I've seen a lot of pictures of the girl in it. So now I don't actually want to see it. She scares me so much. I don't know what it is, but even though it's quite old now, it still has the best and scariest make-up I've ever seen in my life.''' ,'''The most important thing I have learned from the people I've worked with is that you have to love what you do. That passion will drive you anywhere you want to go.''' ,'''I like everything from hard-style techno to rock n' roll.''' ,'''Interviews are fun, but I get nervous at red carpets.''' ,'''In Australia, I can just say to my mom, 'I'm going down the street.' And I can walk around pretty much all the places I know.''' ,'''When I was 8, my dad asked me if I wanted to audition, just for fun. I did just a little short film, and I liked it. I just kept doing it, and then I started getting bigger auditions for bigger roles.''' ,'''I think, obviously, everyone has a lot of favorite movies, but I really for some reason just love Quentin Tarantino's writing and directing style.''' ,'''My dad reads the scripts and passes them on to me.''' ,'''I'd really like to work with Johnny Depp: he seems like a really cool guy; he can do a lot of different things.''' ,'''I thought that 'Twilight' would be a kind of girl movie, but it was cool.''' ,'''I think indie films have more of a fresh, experimental vibe about them, whereas studio films know what they want and can basically get it.''' ,'''I haven't done a lot of studio movies, but studio movies and independent films are always just as fun as each other.''' ,'''When I know I'm not doing any auditions, I go to the skate park on my scooter or my bike.''' ,'''I think I would play Batman. I love Batman.''' ,'''I think when you have to train an accent, it just takes you absolutely into another spectrum of the character.''' ,'''I really like driving cars. I love car games.''' ,'''My sister's an actor as well.''' ,'''I think I've been good at getting into lonely and troubled characters because, not to brag, but I'm the complete opposite in real life.''' ,'''Usually, I think, every film I've made has been a book, and I've always read it.''' ,'''My friends in Australia, they grew up with me acting, so they're used to it.''' ,'''In L.A., I live right across from Universal Studios.''' ,'''I'm based in L.A., mainly. I'm pretty much there a lot of the time doing work.''' ,'''I wasn't bullied or anything, but I was treated differently because I was an actor, and I had big dreams.''' ,'''Actors shouldn't be scared. Don't get scared on film.''' ,'''I'm not really sure if I have anything that inspires me.''' ,'''I'm always working with amazing people. They're just kind of put in my path.''' ,''''Slow West' is a film that I did with Michael Fassbender in New Zealand and Scotland. The director was John McLean. It's a film set in the 1800s. I play a young Scottish boy brought up in the royal family. I fall in love with someone who works on our land.''' ,'''I think everyone has been different once in their life.''' ,'''I think I'm the best fit for characters that have a lot going on inside.''' ,'''I wouldn't mind doing my own film on the big screen. That'd be cool.''' ,'''My dad teaches me. He teaches me everything. He's been acting for over 30 years, so he knows a lot.''' ,'''You shouldn't fight change. You should be absolutely open to change.''' ,'''It's kind of a Peter Pan thing: I want to stay a kid. I love it. But I guess you have to grow up someday. Everybody does.''' ,'''New Orleans is awake all night, and every night is a party.''' ,'''Vampires used to be like Dracula, and now they're young teenage kids, so yeah, I like that.''' ,'''I've been joking that 'On the Road' is the prequel to 'The Road.' I don't know if that's a very good joke.''' ,]
+++