+++
author = "George Chakiris"
title = "George Chakiris Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 George Chakiris Quotes"
keywords = "george chakiris,george chakiris quotes,george chakiris quote,george chakiris sayings,george chakiris saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I made movies with some very nice people, experienced actors.''' ,'''It's kind of wild and wonderful that 'West Side Story' continues to have a life after all these years. And when you see young people who are really engrossed by this film, that's so beautiful.''' ,'''I can go into any working circumstance and, simply, I'm prepared to deal with the work. It was a long, hard lesson I learned.''' ,'''I had a recording contract with Capitol Records. I loved recording and being in that studio. I made four albums.''' ,'''After I finished working on the movie, I went back into the show again playing Riff, so it was an incredible time because I loved playing Riff in the theater and, of course, I loved playing Bernardo in the film. We had such a really beautiful time. We knew we were working on something of quality.''' ,'''Why do Greeks always open restaurants that fail?''' ,'''As far as dancing was concerned, I always wanted to do it. To actually be performing was thrilling for me.''' ,'''I absolutely loved Jerome Robbins. We were all so lucky to be in the same room with this man.''' ,'''I don't believe I was jinxed or hexed by winning an Academy Award in my first picture, 'West Side Story.'''' ,'''So many years later, you watch yourself, and you're not critical of yourself anymore 'cause that's behind you.''' ,'''If you buy a lottery ticket, you really don't expect to win. However, if you do win, it's a different story. The same is true about getting an Oscar. Of course I knew I was nominated, but I never expected my name to be called. When it was, I'm still at a loss to describe the feelings that I experienced.''' ,'''No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible.''' ,'''Whether it's Cyd Charisse and Fred Astaire or 'West Side Story,' see it on the big screen. That's the way we should appreciate it.''' ,'''The first thing that was intimidating was when I started rehearsing to play Riff in the London company. That first day of rehearsal, I thought, 'Oh my God, I'm never going to learn this. I'm too slow.'''' ,'''You don't stop when a musical number comes up and do the number and then take up the scene where you left off. It all moves forward. Your work as an actor was part of your work as a dancer as well. It was dialogue through movement.''' ,'''I don't regret 'West Side Story' one bit. It was an incredible movie full of young people with amazing rapport.''' ,'''Her imagination is rich and vibrant. I have a great love and respect for Rita.''' ,'''To be honest, I think I have a nice voice. A good voice... and I loved recording.''' ,'''Steven Spielberg is a talented, wonderful filmmaker.''' ,'''One of my favorite credits is to say that I worked behind Marilyn Monroe, and I love saying that. She was phenomenal.''' ,'''A lot of people know that I danced, but I also sang.''' ,'''It sounds corny to say, but we're like a family. That experience for all of us really created a bond... The 'West Side Story' experience, it really is a family. There's a closeness that has continued.''' ,]
+++