+++
author = "Shaun Livingston"
title = "Shaun Livingston Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Shaun Livingston Quotes"
keywords = "shaun livingston,shaun livingston quotes,shaun livingston quote,shaun livingston sayings,shaun livingston saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As soon as I got in the NBA, I was thinking about it - wanting to use my influence and resources to help different communities.''' ,'''Just the passion to play the game is what kept me going.''' ,'''When I was entering high school, my dad had me going around to different high schools, playing open gyms. A lot of coaches thought I was coming to their schools. If I would have done it over, I would have just stayed at one particular school just to play pickup basketball in the summertime.''' ,'''I thought about possibly being in the front office, being on the management side of things like a GM one day.''' ,'''My speed as a tall guy is deceptive. You look at me and I might not look fast, but when I go out and play, people are left scratching their heads like 'Where did that come from?'''' ,'''I think I can help push the tempo just a little bit... I feel I can get the ball after a rebound. Push the fastbreak. Push the tempo. Get guys some easy shots.''' ,'''Being 6'7' as a point guard and playing with Sam Cassell and Cuttino Mobley on the Clippers really helped refine my post game and play with my back to the basket.''' ,'''But yeah, a lot of people compare me to Magic. The physical appearance, the tall point guard, the ability to pass the ball. But comparisons are one thing, it's up to me to go out and play my game, get those wins, those championships, that's the only way those comparisons can get closer, but he's a legend.''' ,'''Growing up watching the league, Allen Iverson was my favorite player. But once I got here, Steve Nash instantly became my favorite.''' ,'''When you're playing spot minutes, it's harder to hit those shots. But if you're getting volume shots, now it's a lot easier to get a rhythm.''' ,'''I was struggling, and I was struggling mentally more than anything, and that will carry over to the games.''' ,'''I lost a lot. It was almost like I was a retired player where I lost all of my athleticism. I lost everything. Being able to get it back, step by step, little bit at a time, it was like surprising myself.''' ,'''I always thought I would have a good feel in the basketball office.''' ,'''I never want to forget that I'm not anything special.''' ,'''Oh, I never knew I was going to be a great player.''' ,'''The better I feel about my body, the better I feel about my game.''' ,'''The Bay Area for me has provided the most stability and it's definitely provided life-changing opportunities for myself, for my family, so I'm incredibly grateful for all that's gone on these past five years.''' ,'''I haven't been as healthy as I'd like or as spry as I'd like. But it's all relative to the sport. So I'm just enjoying the process, really. It's been ups and downs obviously and frustrating times. I know that's the beauty and the struggle.''' ,'''I'm not necessarily a 'rah rah' guy. I'm not the guy speaking out with everybody watching.''' ,'''I want people to use my story to stand up, be strong-willed and persevere.''' ,'''Peoria has been near and dear in my heart. It's been with me wherever I've been. I always have wanted to give back and touch the city in some way.''' ,'''I've always wanted grandpa to be proud of me, and I want him to see me play in the NBA.''' ,'''If I'm healthy and having fun, then I want to play.''' ,'''The opportunity to play for Duke University is great, and that's the reason I chose the school.''' ,'''I am a man of faith and faith is not always supposed to happen and what you see, sometimes it's just walking that path.''' ,'''I like putting things together. The long game. Strategizing. Being able to mix and match personalities of guys.''' ,'''Just because it was multiple ligaments, just because of the trauma of the injury, they compared it to like a car accident. I didn't have anybody to follow, there was no timetable. I could get better, I could not get better. You just don't know. People fear what they don't know. I'm in the dark, and everything is just about faith.''' ,'''I always just wanted to play my game, minimize mistakes so I had the best chance to make a roster.''' ,'''We all have those friends that tick to their drum, and you don't want them to tick to anybody else's drum.''' ,'''Even if it's just two shots, I just want to see the ball go in the hole. That gives me the confidence to know I can make shots when I'm called upon in a playoff type of situation.''' ,'''I always strive to get better.''' ,'''I'm going to do everything I'm supposed to do - except roommates. No roommates. I quietly paid for my own room on the road. I didn't want to tell anyone.''' ,'''I can be The Man. I have the skills and the tools to do it. I just have to play to my potential. I just have to be me.''' ,'''All the adversity and discouragement is trying to cloud your mind. But I learned to deal with it. In the end, I'm happy and thankful and blessed.''' ,'''The advice I would've given my younger self is, 'Be patient; just hold on.'''' ,'''Dub Nation has been everything to me... Just the way that Warriors fans have embraced me - I want to send a thank you to all you out there for all the support, for real.''' ,'''My form is improved and I'm just continuing to improve. I want to come back as a shooter. A knockdown shooter.''' ,'''With my time in the league, what I will be most proud of is the fact that my character, values and faith were tested, and I persevered.''' ,'''I'm really into kind of a 'Sixth Sense' type of movie - mysteries, thrillers a little bit.''' ,'''Sure, there were always questions that lingered, the 'What ifs?' You wondered what might have been if not for the injury? What would my career have looked like and turned out to be? But I had to put my head down and put it behind me.''' ,'''There were some great veterans who I learned so much from and who helped make me the best I could be as a player.''' ,'''Being on the court you can really negate your athletic ability by just being in the right position.''' ,'''When you look at older teams in the finals, Miami and San Antonio, they're not really the most explosive or athletic team but they're always in the right position defensively.''' ,'''Going through my rehab kind of gave me a great perspective about what my game would be about.''' ,'''There's no way I can go back and uninjure myself.''' ,'''You may have good days, there may be more bad days than good days, but on the good days you have to push yourself, get the most out of it as you can.''' ,'''I wasn't afraid of failing. A lot of people fear failure, and I think that holds a lot of people back. But a lot of times, it's possibly the best thing that could happen to you because you learn how to get back up, you learn how to do it better and you're stronger from that.''' ,'''Once you go through something and come out of the storm, you've been tested.''' ,'''The NBA is kind of where I've grown up, coming out of high school at 18.''' ,'''Just because a guy is not a 3-point shooter doesn't mean he can't score.''' ,'''I play to win. If I have great numbers, that's great. Obviously you feel good about it, but still, I'm playing to win.''' ,'''The best part of being with the Warriors has been the team camaraderie, the team meals, the team pranks, the bond we share.''' ,'''I just always had a knack for handling and passing the rock and making things happen.''' ,'''I've been even-keeled my whole life.''' ,'''If you don't go through life making excuses, you save yourself, your friends, and parents a lot of trouble.''' ,'''I'm only 27 but still I've had a lot of experience just playing with different teams, different coaches, different players.''' ,'''Taking care of yourself turns into a lifestyle after you're done playing. So you don't just fall off the wagon.''' ,'''God created us equal. Money and talent might be seen as setting us apart. But underneath, we're all the same.''' ,'''Being in this game nine years or whatever, you understand things happen. You can only control what you control, and that's on the court. You can't make front-office decisions and other stuff. You've just got to come out and do your job. You try to do it to the best of your ability.''' ,'''I'm a walking testimony, a product of all the people in my life and my faith.''' ,'''That kind of always been apart of my personality, just mild-mannered, poised, trying to keep my poise. Doesn't always work out that way but I try when I'm on the court to stabilize things.''' ,'''Here I am, playing with Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce, Jason Kidd is my coach, I'm in Brooklyn, New York, they lobbied for me to be here... Regardless of my circumstances, I'm here.''' ,'''Regardless of what anyone says, I know how hard I worked.''' ,'''The feeling after the first title was shock. But both feel incredible.''' ,'''When I got into the league, guys didn't expect me to be as quick and fast as I was. I think it was myself holding myself back.''' ,'''As a youngster, I got so much attention because I was ahead of the other kids - even when I was eight, nine years old. But I never was really seeking attention, so I didn't care about scoring 30, 40 points.''' ,'''I can not express more the importance of treating your teammates, opponents and coaches with the utmost respect.''' ,'''I'm hardest on myself. I'm my biggest critic. I ended up hurting myself a lot by doing that.''' ,'''As long as we get the win, that's what I'm about.''' ,'''Seeing the ball go in during the game, getting to your spots, getting spot-up shots. You have that rhythm and you have that confidence in yourself. And everybody else has that confidence in you too, more importantly.''' ,'''It's just kind of ironic with how I came into the NBA with all the expectations. You would've thought coming in the way I did that my career would last long. You'd think I'd have my more peak years in the beginning or middle. Mine just came a little later.''' ,'''When you're in the right system, right fit and you got the right structure, it's easy to see certain players blossom. That was a key for me.''' ,'''The playoffs are like nothing else. The intensity is off the meat rack and I'm looking forward to going back.''' ,'''Eleven years in the league, I haven't had a dirty play. I haven't made a name in this league by playing that way.''' ,'''The organizations that I've worked with, whether I have gotten cut or whether I have excelled, the always communicated with me honestly and openly. The ones that weren't so good, the communication was iffy.''' ,'''Like Forrest Gump, I just took off and it paid off.''' ,'''There are times in the game when you have lapses. It just means you're not as locked in as when you first get in or at the end of the game.''' ,'''I'm not like a preacher or philosopher, but at the end of the day, life is about happiness.''' ,'''There were days when my dad and grandpa had to work and I would call a cab to get to school. I felt a little embarrassed and would get out a block before school. There were kids getting dropped off in a Mercedes or Lexus. I didn't want them to see me.''' ,'''This is a game, don't put too much stress on yourself.''' ,'''Coach Dunleavy has done a great job of humbling me, letting me go out there and make mistakes and I've got a great feel for the game right now.''' ,'''I was kind of at the turning point in my career with my knee. I was dealing with the struggles of trying to make the transition back on the court consistently and not a game here, then sit a game.''' ,'''Any time you sit out, it could throw off your rhythm a little bit, and I'm kind of a rhythm player.''' ,'''I'm a believer in God, I'm a believer that he puts us where he wants us to be.''' ,'''It's important for kids to know they can be themselves, and that it's OK to have dreams and goals they love and that may not be cool or popular to other kids.''' ,'''I had to teach myself how to walk again. It was crazy. I couldn't even make a muscle in my leg. I felt like no muscles in my leg. I was already skinny. It was like my leg was dead.''' ,'''The hardest thing to do is be a point guard, learn how to be a point guard in the NBA as a young player because you gotta earn your respect first of all the old guys, all the old heads. You gotta command where to go, know the plays.''' ,'''The knee was all deformed, bloodied up and leaking with puss. I just couldn't move it. Stiff. It was like I had a spare leg. All of my quad was skinny. It was like a pole with a pineapple in the middle of it.''' ,'''I'm taking care of my body, getting my treatment, I'm in the weight room... I'm doing everything I can to stay healthy, and hopefully the genetics kind of take over from there.''' ,'''I got a temper. But part of my role is to steady the ship. That's just to try to control your emotions.''' ,'''I was kind of an early bloomer. I played all the time, practiced all the time. So it just became habits, really.''' ,'''I played with the Clippers when Golden State really wasn't cracking like that and Oracle Arena was still jumping.''' ,'''That's what I was trying to do: be a reliable guy, dependable guy you know wasn't going to make a lot of mistakes. Maybe not high-ceiling, high-reward, but low-risk.''' ,'''I watch and learn from old Clipper games.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it's about winning. I want to be productive out there, of course. But I care about the score more than what I care about the stats.''' ,'''Everybody has their own path and I believe everything happens for a reason and you kind of just rock with it.''' ,'''I'm just trying to find the fountain of youth. I'm trying to find some drops and sprinkle it in there. I'll find the well.''' ,'''I was kind of advanced for my age, just because I started early, when I was maybe 6 or 7 years old. And my dad always had me playing with older groups.''' ,'''I want to show my team I'm for the team. I want them to see I'm in it for them, not for me.''' ,'''I like autobiographies. I wouldn't mind making one of those.''' ,]
+++