+++
author = "Scott Evans"
title = "Scott Evans Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Scott Evans Quotes"
keywords = "scott evans,scott evans quotes,scott evans quote,scott evans sayings,scott evans saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I graduated high school early, and I moved to New York before I even knew I was going to college or anything.''' ,'''I one time hooked up with somebody off an app who gave me an autographed copy of a book he wrote.''' ,'''My mother always tells this story: The day she gave birth to me, she looked down and said, 'Oh, yay. I got a gay one.'''' ,'''Going to college was a very necessary step in order to have my formative years, which for everybody kind of happens in their teens, but for gay men that don't necessarily come out until later in life, it kind of happens a little later.''' ,'''It's nice we're getting better representation. So being typecast now? To be a gay guy? For sure. I am one, so why not?''' ,'''My brother and I always say we were each other's first friend, first and best friend.''' ,'''It feels like for a long time we, in the LGBTQ community, have been fighting for our role, sort of fighting for our visibility and fighting for our stories.''' ,'''I think, as a gay man in society, we are not accepted yet... let alone a gay man with a kid.''' ,'''I think my older sister bought me booze before I was 21. You know, breaking rules, but it's what a sibling is supposed to do.''' ,'''It's nice to see a story that centers around other couples, instead of having, you know, the sassy gay friend or the funny best friend or the assistant, which is just like these stereotypical roles that tend to be put in movies.''' ,'''My little sister, the first thing she said was, 'Can we go shopping?' I said, 'Just because I am gay does not mean I want to go shopping!'''' ,'''But in Hollywood especially, I think the most exciting thing for me is to finally see that LGBTQ parts are being played by LGBTQ actors.''' ,'''I'm so lucky that the brother I would choose is the brother I actually got.''' ,'''I didn't want to stay in the closet to get work. I wanted to be out whether it affected my career or not.''' ,'''When Mom visits me in New York she hangs out with me and all my friends anyway. We go out to the gay bars together.''' ,'''I mainly would use Tinder for people I would know - I would swipe instead of going up to them in person and asking for their number.''' ,'''I am really not the relationship type.''' ,'''For so long, for my whole life I didn't have to but I lived in the closet.''' ,'''It's the most ludicrous thing when people protest equal rights of other human beings.''' ,'''I find the conversations on 'Drag Race' very authentic, and I cry pretty much every episode.''' ,'''I feel like I'm going to get myself into trouble by saying too much. But throughout my 20s, I think a 'Midnight Kiss' game was always a game. You know, go to a party with a couple friends and you look around like, 'Who I want to be my midnight kiss?' It truly is a thought process.''' ,'''Kids are a lot of work.''' ,'''I've spent my whole life watching straight couples and I still learned about love. It doesn't necessarily matter who's playing the part.''' ,'''I think I would be a great dad one day, but I also like to nap way too much.''' ,]
+++