+++
author = "Sarah Baker"
title = "Sarah Baker Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Sarah Baker Quotes"
keywords = "sarah baker,sarah baker quotes,sarah baker quote,sarah baker sayings,sarah baker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't go around calling myself a fat girl. It doesn't feel fun to me.''' ,'''I admire people who can step out on their own and work alone - that takes a lot of guts. But I'd rather have the camaraderie on and off camera of working as a part of a group.''' ,'''I can play a cat lady. I can't put my foot down and refuse to play anything but playing the perfect, well-adjusted woman, because those people aren't as fun or funny.''' ,'''With movies, you get to be in a bubble while you're creating it, and it's not until it comes out that you see whether people like it or not.''' ,'''I would never be like, 'Hey, I'm fat!' or, like, be psyched if somebody calls me fat in a review.''' ,'''I'm not a stand-up comedian by any means, but I do think it's tougher for a woman to go to that territory because it does make people go, 'Aww,' instead of laughing.''' ,'''I would say the biggest difference is that a movie is a shorter, more encapsulated experience, and a TV job is like having a regular day job where you get to do what you love.''' ,'''All the characters I've ever played have really had nothing to do with looks. There's a lot of things that are a lot more interesting to me to play than that.''' ,'''As an actor, you want to push yourself.''' ,''''Louie' is a beautiful show. I think it's art on television.''' ,'''It's been so nice for people to have a favorable reaction to what I've done. You work hard, and you try your best, and like anything in life, when people respond well to it, it's like, 'Well, good. I'm headed in the right direction here.' So it's been really, really nice.''' ,'''I'm never happier than when I'm part of an ensemble. The rhythm of working in a group and the dynamic of each individual relationship within that group coming together is such a special thing.''' ,'''It's funny because, if you're not an actor, people always tend to say, 'How do you memorize all those lines? Is that really hard?' I'm always like, 'That's just a small part of it. I have to seek my craft and my emotions' - you know, all this gross, actor-y stuff.''' ,'''There are varied experiences of overweight women throughout the country; there's not just one experience.''' ,'''Every role I've ever taken has never had anything do to with size. It's never been something I've wanted to be cheap about. Luckily, my agents and managers have always supported that.''' ,'''I don't know if you can ever steal a scene from Louis C.K. or Melissa McCarthy. I think that's kind of impossible.''' ,'''Usually, somebody's size is not even in the top five things they would say about themselves. Because there's so much more going on than if they have blonde hair or are a size 12.''' ,]
+++