+++
author = "Chris Jericho"
title = "Chris Jericho Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Chris Jericho Quotes"
keywords = "chris jericho,chris jericho quotes,chris jericho quote,chris jericho sayings,chris jericho saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Most people use Twitter to meet girls, and I use it to meet 'American Idol' contestants!''' ,'''You can't wrestle forever. It's a very physically taxing job. There's no doubt about it. Physically, and more importantly, mentally.''' ,'''It's always great to add to your legacy.''' ,'''I have a journalism degree, but I'd rather be the person who is being written about rather than the person who is writing.''' ,'''I never want to hide my wrestling background.''' ,'''There's no unemployment insurance if you don't have a job in wrestling. You really have to be committed, to have a love and a passion for the sport, a belief in yourself that you can do it.''' ,'''I've always had an air of mystery.''' ,'''When you stop being nervous is when you should retire. I'm always a little nervous for anything I do because when complacency sets in, that's when I feel it's time to move on to something else.''' ,'''Somebody actually tattooed my face on his arm. In a couple years, that will be the equivalent of having a Screech tattoo.''' ,'''I like to do something different that people don't expect. That's what I've always been about, in everything I do.''' ,'''The only person that is going to tell you that you can't do things in life are people who have failed.''' ,'''I've always been the type of guy that wants to change, adapt and morph from year to year.''' ,'''I would have to say that Canada definitely produces the best wrestlers; I don't know why. I think Canada is a big wrestling country, and there are a lot of guys who are interested in wrestling in Canada.''' ,'''I never was an amateur wrestler.''' ,'''I always played hockey, I was always a hockey fan, but I was never bitten by the hockey bug... I never looked into playing it professionally.''' ,'''A live performance is the same no matter what genre it is. Wrestling, rock 'n roll, hosting, acting - it's the same thing.''' ,'''I don't really play a lot of games.''' ,'''There are a lot of similarities between dancing and wrestling. The costumes are the same, the spandex and all that, but you have to be light on your feet to do both, and you have to remember choreography.''' ,'''I don't think I'd ever be able to give up the spotlight.''' ,'''I love U.K. festivals because people go to watch as many bands as possible. They aren't just there to see their favourites; they'll be there all day long.''' ,'''Am I a workaholic? Yes, but I also have no problem taking time for myself.''' ,'''I started playing music when I was 12 years old.''' ,'''I play a character in the WWE and everybody hates my character. I'm the evil villain bad guy. Whenever people meet me, they're like, 'Wow, you're such a nice guy. We never expected that.'''' ,'''In Mexico, wrestling is part of the cultural fabric. The guys wear masks and they are real-life superheroes.''' ,'''I've actually been in more Elimination Chamber matches than any other human being on the planet. It really has been a badge of honor for me.''' ,'''Think about it - pro wrestling as an Olympic sport would be pretty cool. Look at figure skating or gymnastics - what is it? It's a choreographed performance that is judged.''' ,'''The most important thing about being in wrestling is that you have to connect with the crowd, connect with the fans, and you either want them to love you, or to hate you. Either way, so long as they're reacting to what you're doing.''' ,'''If you're in the WWE, it's like show business boot camp. You learn a little bit about everything as far as show business is involved.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I wanted to be either a rock star or a wrestler.''' ,'''In Hollywood, there really is a stigma against wrestling. I think that's why people think wrestlers are Neanderthals who can't string two words together.''' ,]
+++