+++
author = "Jess Phillips"
title = "Jess Phillips Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Jess Phillips Quotes"
keywords = "jess phillips,jess phillips quotes,jess phillips quote,jess phillips sayings,jess phillips saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was politically complacent during the Blair years. Things were good and people thought things would be good forever.''' ,'''I was never a ringleader, but I was willing, when asked questions, to give my opinion. And when you say things quite bluntly, it's very easy for people to hang their hats on that.''' ,'''As a woman, I don't trust Boris Johnson with my rights and that's largely because of the things that he has said and done in his political life.''' ,'''I refuse to believe this rhetoric that the Labour party can't get under one big umbrella with a common enemy - sometimes a common enemy is an absolutely delightful unifier.''' ,'''My mum taught me the power of protest.''' ,'''For me socialism has never been an intellectual pursuit. It comes from my upbringing and experience.''' ,'''But when I'm asked a question I will answer it honestly. There is no spin here.''' ,'''When my children were little, I would chat with my husband or my mum friends about how we were superior parents to other people, or that so-and-so was lying about how their children slept through the night.''' ,'''Today we're more distanced from each other, the bonds formed at the local shop replaced by the massive supermarket or the stressed driver thrusting a package through a letterbox. Instead of meeting in pubs, more of us sit at home with supermarket wine and Netflix.''' ,'''My mum was always extremely political. I have fond memories of making signs as a child for the nuclear disarmament protests at Greenham Common, or helping her bake cakes for them.''' ,'''I wanted to be an MP who was normal. I believe in politics, I'm a proud parliamentarian, and I want people to want parliamentarians again.''' ,'''We've all got to discover the courage to ask the difficult questions about the future of our party and the future of the working-class communities who need a Labour government.''' ,'''I am Left-wing. I am a socialist. I believe in sharing wealth. There's no two ways about it.''' ,'''My paternal grandma was a raving Thatcherite, one who had a xenophobic turn of phrase for most proceedings.''' ,'''Anyone standing for leader of the Labour party has a responsibility to speak truth, because without that we will never win power.''' ,'''I like second chances; I've had a few myself.''' ,'''I've carried witty banners against laws that would curtail my freedoms.''' ,'''When your worldview is challenged, you'd be surprised how quickly you can find a way to dismiss reality.''' ,'''My favourite film is probably 'Star Wars'. I do love 'Starship Troopers', it is a great film but it's not a film I watch over and over again. Whereas 'Star Wars' I've watched over and over again all my life, and it's a film I can tolerate watching with my children.''' ,'''In the world of fiction, politics usually appears considerably more exciting than it is.''' ,'''Join Labour to help change Labour. Help those of us willing to ask the difficult questions by adding your voice to the debate that's coming.''' ,'''The desire to look strong and decisive, instead of looking human, is the fatal flaw of so many politicians, and I will never understand why the favoured path of the political class is akin to a child with chocolate smeared on their face insisting that they didn't eat the edible Christmas tree ornaments while their parents slept.''' ,'''My childhood dream was to be prime minister.''' ,'''Every time I speak up about anything to do with women or ethnic minorities, hundreds of messages pour in to attempt to silence or frighten me.''' ,'''I will stand up for all of those who feel they can't stand up for themselves.''' ,'''When you're left on the floor of a hospital gasping for breath, or you can't get your kid a school place, the simplest things are your idea of radical.''' ,'''I do find it funny, actually, why I'm not more of a Corbyn fan. I am a classic Corbyn fan, really. Not so much on the foreign policy, but I'm leftwing, pro-immigration, pro-welfare spending, there's very little that we wouldn't agree on.''' ,'''Fear and hatred can be the things that drive you. I don't always think of fear as a bad thing, it gives you fight-or-flight.''' ,'''All my life I've been interested in politics. I went on the miners march when I was six months old. My parents are really political.''' ,'''There's something wrong with the Labour party. There's something wrong with the fact that women never rise to the top.''' ,'''I've made a career out of being able to talk about difficult things, and that comes from growing up in an environment where nothing was embarrassing.''' ,'''I don't think Jeremy Corbyn hates women - I don't think Jeremy hates anyone. Spend even one minute with him and you would want to take him down to the pub and sink a pint of mild with the man. However, in the hard left of British politics lurks a gruesome misogyny.''' ,'''Ah, well, I do think the generation that came after me has changed. I think there is a growing sense that young women should like themselves a bit more.''' ,'''I loathe and detest people who pretend they don't care what people think about them as if that is a virtue, when it is simply rude.''' ,'''Being in France means that I am surrounded by examples of nationalised services that work.''' ,'''The Labour party is mainly full of amazing people who care so much about equality and social justice they are probably a bit of a bore at a family do.''' ,'''The NHS was hard to deliver, so was the minimum wage. It's time now - we need to have a proper conversation about how much is the individual cost, how much is the burden that we're all going to share together, and how much are we going to put on older adults now versus a future system like national insurance.''' ,'''I made a decision to stop feeling envious of other people, to crack on with my life and stop comparing myself with others.''' ,'''Rhe language of politics is experienced by most as spin with the assumption of dishonesty.''' ,'''People just don't believe we'll deliver what we say we will. They don't believe we want to listen or to understand their lives. And they don't believe we are able to do much to make their lives better.''' ,'''I'm a believer in forgiveness. I have worked with people who have been in gangs and now dedicate their lives to helping inner city kids. I've run offender services with teachings of responsibility, empathy and understanding of the victims at their heart. I've seen people change.''' ,'''I have felt the force of what governments can do. I remember my elder son being in the first cohort of kids who got a free nursery place, I remember the palliative care my mother got at home as I watched her die.''' ,'''As a mother, I want the very best for my children. As a politician, I want what is best for all children.''' ,'''If you cut me I bleed Birmingham. Others would say it's being a woman, but coming from Birmingham is the single most important part of my identity. I'm not always sure I feel English or British, but I always feel like a Brummie.''' ,'''The fact that I stick up for women doesn't mean that I think all men are rapists. But that's lost somewhere in translation. Obviously I don't think that. I married one! I gave birth to two of them.''' ,'''In short, that politicians do or don't have families should no longer have any bearing on their abilities to hold office or to care more or less about the future of the country.''' ,'''The greatest lie that was ever told is that I'm some sort of rightwinger.''' ,'''Personally, I find the decisions and actions of my Tory colleagues appalling, but I also know plenty of Labour voters who are less than perfect.''' ,'''Every time I speak out about anything feminist I will be shot down by people calling me fat, calling me stupid. And it's all because I am speaking from a feminist perspective.''' ,'''I hate when people send me LinkedIn requests.''' ,'''We have got to be brave and bold and bring people with us, not try and look all ways. Trying to please everyone usually means we have pleased no one.''' ,'''I am manic and that leads me to behave badly at times.''' ,'''The Labour party is not perfect but I have seen in my own life how it is the greatest vehicle for positive hopeful social change.''' ,'''I'm stunned at the amount of young women who get in touch with me every single day, trying to become somebody like me. As a teenager, I would never have done that. And I was someone who was interested in politics. But I wouldn't have emailed the local MP.''' ,'''If a friend got a big promotion, I would outwardly congratulate them, but inside I would painfully compare myself with them and think that their success was a reflection on my failings.''' ,'''Boris Johnson needs to be challenged, with passion, heart and precision.''' ,'''Pressure and protest is fine, but using fear and threats to force politicians to sing to a certain tune will be the death of our democracy.''' ,'''Our challenge is to restore both trust in Labour as a party of government and trust in democracy as the best means of delivering what the public wants.''' ,'''Still, I love a campaign. I'm never happier than when I'm fighting shoulder to shoulder with our growing army of foot soldiers.''' ,'''To liberate women and end violence is to break down the culture of power imbalance.''' ,'''I am utterly ambitious. I'm ambitious for the sake of being so, too.''' ,'''Any MP who deals with immigration a huge amount, which I do, is going to worry about giving powers to the executive to change immigration law without scrutiny.''' ,'''I've never bent the knee to anyone in my life.''' ,'''I would do whatever I could to make Jeremy Corbyn more electable, but you've got to give me something to work with, mate.''' ,'''I'm not usually one to heap praise on Jeremy Corbyn but I love that he doesn't drag his wife on stage for awkward snogs after his annual speech at the party conference.''' ,'''In every single place I have campaigned in and every single place I have lived, people want some fairly basic things. They want to believe that they are safe, they want to know that their children will be educated and that if they are ill, they will be made better.''' ,'''To be honest, I've always been forthright.''' ,'''I was born in Birmingham and raised in Birmingham.''' ,'''For a party of the left to win, people have to have believe that government, the state, can be on their side. When I was a young mother, Sure Start and tax credits weren't just a financial lifeline, they represented hope.''' ,'''One of the things I want to achieve in the potentially short time I'm in Westminster is to stop people thinking we're all the same. Because while they believe that, the establishment stays in the same people's hands.''' ,'''I am a party worker ant - always have been, always will be.''' ,'''I enjoy taking people on on Twitter, because often I'm cleverer and funnier.''' ,'''The ability to say 'I was wrong' or to own up to your mistakes is very powerful. I teach my children that admitting fault is the quickest way to stop the problem, move on and get on with whatever it is you should be doing.''' ,'''If the internet has taught me anything it is that people are either heroes or they belong in the bin.''' ,'''Because I sometimes shopped in Waitrose, I thought I was actually quite posh. I've realised that I'm basically a scullery maid. Even the middle-class people who I meet in parliament, people who live in London - which I think is remarkable because how can anybody afford to live there - seem much, much more middle class than me.''' ,'''Regardless of how people love to deride politicians, democracy is not an easy gig. My decisions, views and heartfelt principles are dismissed by so many as careerist, opportunist or attention-seeking.''' ,'''I am not into self-exploration. My family would lose their eyes in the backs of their heads if people talked about personal journeys or finding oneself.''' ,'''My family is just like most other families - we rise and fall on good and bad government policy. Politics affects us all.''' ,'''I am apoplectic that people no longer expect progress because for so long they have worn the clothes of decline.''' ,'''The politics of hope is harder to spread than the politics of hate.''' ,'''Lisa Nandy is absolutely right that we need to devolve economic power away from Westminster and learn from what Labour councils around the country are doing.''' ,'''Political books are so often written from the perspective of the politicians, not from the point of view of the people.''' ,'''It might be easy to brush away the febrile atmosphere online as a nasty byproduct of free expression: it's less easy when it happens to you.''' ,'''I have not always behaved well. I can admit that. I get things wrong, I learn.''' ,'''I under no circumstances want to be seen as a victim. I have worked with victims of sexual violence and I don't have a candle to hold to the experiences of those victims.''' ,'''In an election campaign, sleep is for the weak.''' ,'''I like to go camping with my kids. I've got an amazing group of friends. Just like any 30-year-old woman I like to go out dancing, eating food, drinking with my mates, like any normal person.''' ,'''When working at Women's Aid, I met countless women whose families had not believed them when they spoke of their abuse at the hands of another loved one.''' ,'''Growing up with my father was like growing up with Jeremy Corbyn. He still hasn't rejoined the party; it's not left wing enough for him.''' ,'''I think power will do anything to survive and one of its main techniques is the rule of exceptions. So it makes an exception out of people and we worship them, whether that's Nelson Mandela, Martin Luther King or Rosa Parks. These people become beatified beyond recognition.''' ,'''I had pneumonia when I was 18 months old and I was given penicillin, which I was allergic to, and since then my teeth have been yellow.''' ,'''There's not a single diet I haven't been on.''' ,'''Every day I receive messages that I'm not good enough, that I should lose my job.''' ,'''The trouble for lots of politicians is they worry so much about everybody liking every single thing that they do.''' ,'''If we reduce the minimum voting age to 16, as we should, then people could be auto-registered when they are issued with a national insurance card.''' ,'''I'm the kind of leader who would try to have honest and difficult conversations.''' ,'''Ken Livingstone appears incapable of contrition. That is why he must be thrown out of the Labour party. He is so certain he is right about everything, he won't come close to change.''' ,'''I don't know how all of my friends vote; it doesn't come up. But it would be a lie to say that I don't surround myself with people who have a similar moral code to mine.''' ,]
+++