+++
author = "Dom Deluise"
title = "Dom Deluise Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Dom Deluise Quotes"
keywords = "dom deluise,dom deluise quotes,dom deluise quote,dom deluise sayings,dom deluise saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think I was immediately fed, so food became a very important part of my life.''' ,'''I've had some wonderful times at the White House. I've been with Ford, Carter, Reagan, Clinton and Bush.''' ,'''Mel is nuts. He puts on a suit and a tie and acts like a normal person so people think he's okay. He's definitely out in left field. He's got the ambition of a boy.''' ,'''Once at the White House I was asked to conduct the Drum and Bugle Corp. The man just handed me the baton and I finished the song. It was great. I got to keep the baton.''' ,'''There were five writers on Blazing Saddles.''' ,'''When I was 14 years old, I decided I could cook. It was either that or puberty.''' ,'''Mr. Brooks and I have been friends forever. He is in seventh heaven with his new success on Broadway.''' ,'''My mother had lots and lots of children who didn't survive.''' ,'''Sometimes I get a little manic and you can't stop me. I'm all over the place. I have fun.''' ,'''I have a cooking show that's coming on that I did in Albany. It will be on The Cooking Channel.''' ,'''The joys of my life are my granddaughters. They are beautiful. You don't have to believe me. You can ask my wife. She'll tell you.''' ,'''Dolly Parton... I love being around that woman! I worked really hard to keep up with her.''' ,'''I was at dinner with Gene Wilder and imitated Ethel Barrymore for everyone.''' ,'''Every couple of seconds out here they're honoring somebody. You've got to get dressed, go in and sit down. Invariably somebody makes a speech.''' ,'''I'd rather be at home with 12 people around the table.''' ,]
+++