+++
author = "Hardwell"
title = "Hardwell Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Hardwell Quotes"
keywords = "hardwell,hardwell quotes,hardwell quote,hardwell sayings,hardwell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are different milestones in my career. Playing a festival at 16 was a milestone and I was really happy when I played my first show.''' ,'''The moment we started DJing in Vegas, back in 2011, the crowd had no idea what dance music was.''' ,'''I've been part of the EDC scene for a long time. It's one of the best festivals in the world and a real buzz to be there and to play.''' ,'''I think the rise of electronic music as a main stage concept has been a long time coming.''' ,'''Dance music has become global and it's here to stay.''' ,'''I was born and raised in Breda, a small city in Holland. We call it the dance capital of the world.''' ,'''Apart from music, I like to relax with friends and family, watch a film, go out for some food.''' ,'''I love the process of collaborating on music, mostly for the creativity that comes out of it.''' ,'''I think the impact my music has had on dance music fans is to bring out their inner love for dancing and having a good time.''' ,'''For collaborations, I'm always on the lookout for people who reflect similar energies, with a positive state of mind, and who make and understand quality good music.''' ,'''It was always a dream for me as a kid to become the No 1 DJ in the world.''' ,'''I can't ever see myself stopping DJing or producing.''' ,'''The thing that I love about India is the diversity. Every city is different and offers something unique so it's hard to pick a favourite.''' ,'''Music is music, and we all have a spot and a place to enjoy it.''' ,'''All my records were dance-oriented, and all the hassle with major labels about changing my records, release dates, videos - everything was out of my hands. I always had to deal with somebody else, and I had a different perspective on a lot of things.''' ,'''I don't want be an underground DJ - don't get me wrong - I just wanna share my music with everybody.''' ,'''I never aimed for the radio, you know? I'm a DJ - I want my records to be played by all the other DJs in the clubs.''' ,'''A lot of people always see the EDM DJs as button pushers, especially when deadmau5 came up with that term. Well actually I started out as a hip-hop DJ and I won several awards in Holland for my skills.''' ,'''Before I became the No.1 DJ in the world, people came to see me - they knew my sound. They were straight-up fans. After that, you have to deal with the pressure and knowing at a certain point you're not going to be No.1.''' ,'''There is no reason to be afraid of a Hardwell show.''' ,'''It's really boring if you make an album where every track sounds the same.''' ,'''To produce a proper album, you have to be in the studio and collaborate with all your singers. It takes a lot of time.''' ,'''It's very easy to copy Swedish House Mafia, or Avicii, or Skrillex, or whatever. People listen too much to each other and are too much inspired by each other.''' ,'''I try to fill the stage with my confidence in music. Obviously, this is to offer the fans with the best music.''' ,'''Yes, after I finished my primary school, I went to the Rock Academy. I was only there for one year. I wanted to focus on my own music instead of making music for the school. So, I quit and started my own label.''' ,'''In the end when we're on stage, we push buttons, but when we're in the studio we're actually creating music that we play in gigs.''' ,'''I am always grateful for what I have, and I think it is important to continue having a passion for music.''' ,'''That's one of the most powerful things in dance music - the DJs are so connected and help each other.''' ,'''Everyone has to find his own path and don't worry about following trends.''' ,'''The more I've spent preparing a set, the more nervous I get. That is why I get my energy from the crowd before I step on stage.''' ,'''I really love Tiesto's album 'A Town Called Paradise' and Calvin Harris' '18 Months' album, he did an amazing job.''' ,'''A documentary on MTV about the Dutch scene was what sparked it all. I saw guys like Tiesto and Ferry Corsten talking about this thing called electronic music and I was instantly hooked. I started getting into it from then onwards, I was 12 years old and just completely bitten by this dance music bug. It's been my life ever since.''' ,'''As a DJ, I'm really focused on the crowd. I never play the same set. I always look at the crowd, try to read what they want, and always look at the signs, point at people.''' ,'''I don't stop digging for new music. This way, I naturally listen to a lot of music, and it leads to new ideas for mash-ups.''' ,'''I have to enjoy the music I'm making, so it's also important for me that, if I'm working on a track with someone, I have a good connection with them - which is why I often stick to working with buddies of mine.''' ,'''My music, I think, takes elements from a lot of different genres, progressive, electro but is still quite clearly defined as my sound.''' ,'''What the strength of events like Ultra have shown us is this thing we call, 'electronic music,' is not a passing trend, but a big industry of passionate artists, event organisers, fans etc.''' ,'''I actually listen to hip-hop to unwind, so that's really the music I use to clear my mind. I find listening to someone like Dr Dre helps me to take a break and find a groove again.''' ,'''Yeah, before DJing, judo was my passion. I've always loved it but DJing and producing took over my life and finding time to fit it in was hard once the touring started.''' ,'''I'm always working on new music or I'm on the road.''' ,'''An album is not like an hour-long DJ set, you know, hit after hit and then build up to one big climax.''' ,'''I hate it when I have to disappoint my fans.''' ,'''I like to keep myself busy.''' ,'''My goal has always been to push the boundaries, to aim for the stars.''' ,'''I just think we've got a really good club life there in Holland with a lot of parties. And I think Dutch people just love to party.''' ,'''India has always held a special place in my heart, for all the love and energy the fans have given me.''' ,'''At the moment when I come on stage and I hear the excitement, I can feel the excitement of the crowd. That's the most important thing to me.''' ,'''I do all my social media myself.''' ,'''I played in every single bar and small club in Holland and I've been DJing and producing for more than 12 years.''' ,'''Every show I play, I try and make it unique. I don't pre-plan my sets and always try and drop new music from my label or artists I am supporting. Equally, I spend countless hours making edits and adding my own touch to the music I want to play.''' ,'''To me, new friends, new genres, new person-to person chemistry is the DNA of EDM.''' ,'''There are not necessarily a lot of DJs are coming to Israel, so the moment an EDM DJ is coming to Israel, you can tell that people are way more excited and are looking forward... to the show.''' ,'''What else is a more heartfelt inspiration than your own fans?''' ,'''I studied classical and jazz music and went to a music school.''' ,'''I played piano for about 12 years.''' ,'''I love touring and I love being in the studio making music, so that's where my passion lies.''' ,'''The waterfront in Manila is really popular and somewhere I enjoyed visiting.''' ,'''You can have the best production, the best stage in the world, but without a crowd, the festival is nothing.''' ,'''Whenever I've performed in India, I've been overwhelmed with the amount of love from the Indian fans. Their passion, their energy - it makes me grateful that I'm able to do what I love every single day.''' ,'''I think you've gotta stay focused if you wanna achieve something.''' ,'''The only tip I can give is just be yourself, you don't have to copy another song to be popular.''' ,'''I love a good curry!''' ,'''I've been running my own record label and doing my weekly radio shows, but people don't see the work. People only see your rise instead of the whole thing.''' ,'''I was named Hardwell by my dad when I was 12 and the name just stuck.''' ,'''I was a warm-up DJ for many years so I know how to build a crowd, what record goes with the next, it's all about understanding the dance floor and how the energy and flow should go coordinating to what the crowd want or might need.''' ,'''As a producer, I have always made music to create memories and as a DJ, I've always been keen to share those good times with fellow like-minded individuals.''' ,'''The Netherlands is a country I love and am very proud to be from, and I'm definitely supportive of the music scene we have.''' ,'''That's something I want people to know, that I am a real DJ. I started as a DJ before I was even a producer.''' ,'''The electronic music world is such a tight-knit community. We're all hanging out at different festivals and such.''' ,'''I feel Indian music is very layered and emotional.''' ,'''I'm not only a DJ. I run my own record label and I work out of my own productions.''' ,'''It's okay to be inspired by somebody else, but don't copy somebody else.''' ,'''I respect it if you're a really good DJ but you can't produce. What I hate is those who pretend to produce when they have a guy in another room doing all the work. Don't pretend. Everyone will figure it out at the end of the day.''' ,'''I'm truly grateful for every moment I've been able to spend doing what I love to do.''' ,'''I work really hard to keep my life in music focused on what needs to be done and to allow myself the freedom to be creative.''' ,'''When I was 14, I started playing in the bigger clubs in Holland and when I was 17, I started playing all of the festivals there.''' ,'''Back in 2008, nobody wanted to listen to or play my music. They called it trance. There was no market for it, but I just kept going.''' ,'''The only thing you create music with is your own creativity and your own ears. And it takes a lot of time to develop your own ears. It's really important, before you go to the studio, to realize yourself: What do I want to hear? What do I want to create?''' ,'''The fans have been an enormous influence on my career. Playing shows around the world and connecting with them is such a big inspiration in my life.''' ,'''People always ask me about 'Spaceman,' and I think that's my signature song, and I still open with it.''' ,'''I think my album, 'United We Are,' was the perfect blend or radio- and festival-friendly songs. I try to combine both.''' ,'''One time in Ecuador, fans actually surrounded the car we were in and started smashing the windows.''' ,'''Dance music has no gender, class or creeds.''' ,'''Guys like Chuckie, Laidback Luke, Ferry Corsten, Armin van Buuren and many other Dutch DJs were all influential for me growing up.''' ,'''If you're really positive in life, everything else will fall into place.''' ,'''Even in my Hardwell sets I've been playing Drake songs and even from the beginning I've been in love with his tracks. I love the way he raps and sings.''' ,'''I love getting to travel and perform to different crowds because you're exposing yourself to new music, new cultures and the atmosphere is always so unique.''' ,'''I was like 4 years old when I started playing piano, and I was like 10 years old when I saw a documentary on the Dutch MTV about Tiesto, Armin Van Buuren, and all of the Dutch DJs, and it really inspired me.''' ,'''Touring life can often be so busy it makes it difficult to visit places and do all the touristy things, but I've had the chance to visit Tokyo a number of times and see a lot of the city. I love it!''' ,'''Make music from your heart, even if it's experimental or not really common, try it out, it can only get you more recognized.''' ,'''I don't know if it's one particular thing that really made me popular, but I always say my music, it worked really well for me. A lot of people like my music.''' ,'''I change my set every single night.''' ,'''India is such a great host to not just me, but so many other DJs.''' ,'''If I doubt whether a track works, I'm just going to play the instrumental version in my set and judge where the crowd takes it.''' ,'''Connecting with my fans in India, whether at shows or via social media, has always shown me how special the passion in the country is. The passion is not just for music, but for life as well. It's magical.''' ,'''The Indian audience is so passionate, they know all the tunes and love to party. The atmosphere is always electric.''' ,'''I've been a huge fan of KSHMR since I first met him. He's an incredible talent and has a really cool sound which I love.''' ,'''Too many DJs today want to be the headline act without ever knowing what it takes to be the local DJ who's busting his or her gut to perfect their craft.''' ,'''I grew up with dance music and all of the sudden people started calling it EDM.''' ,]
+++