+++
author = "Fantasia Barrino"
title = "Fantasia Barrino Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Fantasia Barrino Quotes"
keywords = "fantasia barrino,fantasia barrino quotes,fantasia barrino quote,fantasia barrino sayings,fantasia barrino saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to still be singing at 70 years old. I want to be open to the dreams I haven't even dreamed up.''' ,'''I was very insecure growing up, and even though I'm not that girl anymore, I think that the passion, that not feeling pretty and being insecure, is where my soul came from. And from early childhood, I let it free onstage.''' ,'''I'm very soulful. I grew up singing in church. When I sing a song, I like to feel what I'm singing.''' ,'''I caught a lot of flak for being a young mama.''' ,'''You've got to make it a good example for those kids regardless of how much you mess up.''' ,'''True story - I had index cards; I would write things on them and post them on the mirror in the bathroom. And I would speak it. Because you have to speak life. You have to speak what you want. You have to watch what you say because it's power in your tongue.''' ,'''Everything in life is a fight. Everybody wants this microwavable life, and it doesn't work like that. I'm here to say, 'See what I went through? Look at me now.'''' ,'''People root for me in such a way that when they come to a show, the experience of not knowing what's about to happen is a great thing.''' ,'''I always say you've only got one life to live, and you're not promised a tomorrow. So, you might as well just have a good time with it.''' ,'''I'm a true country Southern girl that has always been built around family, cookouts and gatherings and being together on the holidays, singing together and laughing together. So whenever God opened doors for me to be able to travel the world and sing and do all the great things that I've done, I didn't want to lose that part so family first for me.''' ,'''It's always good when you can bring two artists together who are totally different.''' ,'''I didn't want to be the type of mother where my child came to me, and I can't even help her with her homework.''' ,'''Have a little faith. Don't give up.''' ,'''When I'm out on the stage, it gives me this rush and anything that's on my mind and everything I'm going through is forgotten about.''' ,'''When I was a child, I used to dream about being onstage in front of thousands of people, and it happened. It's not about the fame; it's about people being touched.''' ,'''I want to do all types of music, music for all people. I want my music to be encouraging, to help people.''' ,'''I seemed so different from other kids; I grew up in church and felt a connection with God, and a lot of kids my age really didn't understand that.''' ,'''When I realized I was having trouble reading, I was too embarrassed to ask for help. Some teachers believed in me, but I just wasn't focused on school - I was into the music and trying to please my dad.''' ,'''I never started out as an R&B singer. I grew up on all types of music - jazz, rock, pop, country, folk - and I wanted to bring that to my stage.''' ,'''I wanted people to know that I've been through the rain. I've been broken into pieces; I had a daughter at such a young age. There were times people would say, 'That's it for her.' But that didn't happen.''' ,'''My main thing is family first. This industry can get you so caught up that you're so busy chasing, wanting to be number one and wanting to be the richest that you lose sight of what life really is about.''' ,'''I want real love.''' ,'''I stopped going to church for awhile.''' ,'''I wanted people to see me, to change their minds about me.''' ,'''I love Pilates, yoga, and spinning.''' ,'''I've been wanting to sing for a long time. I've been singing all my life, and I've tried different record companies, but it seemed like - it was such a struggle and so hard to get out there. So, I said, 'I'm gonna go on American Idol and see how far it takes me.'''' ,'''It's hard to be patient. It's hard to sit back and actually wait and allow everything - just let it be.''' ,'''A lot of times, we get into relationships, and we go in, and we take our old ways. If we take that old baggage into something new, it will never work.''' ,'''I wanted to be like some of the other young ladies that were in my school. I used to get picked on in church. Nobody wants to hang out with me. I want to hang out with the cool girls, and I started to take the wrong turn and do things I knew wasn't right.''' ,'''I've never been in a competition before, and I said I'm going to go. I think - I just love to sing.''' ,'''I think my purpose was just to get out and sing. I love to sing. I wasn't even in it for the - you know, the prize. I was, like, 'Hey, man, I'm going to sing.'''' ,'''I like to play dress up, I'm in love with fashion.''' ,'''My lips are big, but my talent is bigger.''' ,'''I been through some things but I worked hard to get to where I'm at.''' ,'''I want people to just to see, all you got to do is have a little faith.''' ,'''God didn't give up on me. I am somebody in God's eyes... Let me be a prime example of how I've been through the storm and the rain, and I made it over.''' ,'''I work out every day, sometimes twice a day.''' ,'''Working out started as something mental. It was a way to release and let some things go.''' ,'''You can't tell me that dreams don't come true. My life is proof that they do.''' ,''''Cause when I had my child, people tried to make me feel like life was over for me, and I started to believe that.''' ,'''I feel like a good mom. I'm a strong woman now... Don't look down on me. Pray for me because I'm trying.''' ,'''I've been singing in church since I was little; my grandmother is a pastor.''' ,'''I always tell people, 'Stop coming to me and telling what people are saying about me.' I don't care anymore. I always get the people that come to me and say, 'Girl, I just want to tell you... ' and I'm like, 'Nope.'''' ,'''You can't go into something good until you let go of all the bad stuff because you'll find yourself steady bringing up all the old in a new situation.''' ,'''R. Kelly is different - music is always going through his brain. I remember we'd be having a conversation, and he'd choose a word I said and write a whole song to it.''' ,]
+++