+++
author = "P. Vasu"
title = "P. Vasu Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 P. Vasu Quotes"
keywords = "p. vasu,p. vasu quotes,p. vasu quote,p. vasu sayings,p. vasu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Billa' was inspired by Hindi hit 'Don.'''' ,'''The director's job is like a teacher's, and I feel a teacher should not have any doubts about the subject.''' ,'''When you have a popular hero in your film, you have to think of what the masses expect from him. You have to portray the hero in such a way that they should adore him.''' ,'''If an artist like Rajnikanth does a film like 'Manichitrathazhu,' it will be a failure.''' ,'''I enjoyed shooting 'Chandramukhi' so much that I would not say it was a relief when the shooting got over.''' ,'''I never expected an offer to direct 'Chandramukhi.' It happened and brought me glory.''' ,'''There was no heroism in 'Manichitrathazhu' but there will be heroism in 'Chandramukhi.'''' ,'''If the director has a story, he will go directly to the hero. If I have a big hero in hand today, any big banner or corporate will come to me. But if I say I have a good story, they will ask if I have a hero.''' ,'''Every heroine aspires to do a role like that of Soundarya in 'Apthamithra' when they work with me.''' ,'''After I saw 'Katha Parayumbol,' I agreed to do the Tamil adaptation of the film.''' ,'''Even after nine flops, an actor will get his tenth film. But, if a director gives a flop after nine hits, he will not get another film. That is the way the industry functions.''' ,'''I make films according to the taste of the audience.''' ,'''The success of a film depends on the screenplay, and nothing else.''' ,'''There is a successful formula for every actor. At the same time, I also know that a film will not be successful if you satisfy only the fans of a particular actor.''' ,'''Rajinikanth is a man of perfection and he knows what to give his audiences.''' ,'''I share a good rapport with Rajnikanth for I have worked with him in 'Panakkaran,' 'Mannan' and 'Uzhaipali' before.''' ,'''My desire is to work with youngsters, and I want them to know me.''' ,'''A jolly feel good film with Vadivelu playing the comedian along with Rajni at his humourous best is 'Chandramukhi.'''' ,'''In most of my stories, I give a lot of importance to heroines. My heroines are not just glamour dolls.''' ,'''I expect 'Paramasivan' to be a big hit because I have given the screenplay a fresh approach.''' ,]
+++