+++
author = "Jovenel Moise"
title = "Jovenel Moise Quotes"
quotes_len = "69"
description = "the best 69 Jovenel Moise Quotes"
keywords = "jovenel moise,jovenel moise quotes,jovenel moise quote,jovenel moise sayings,jovenel moise saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Agriculture needs to be modernized so as to give work to youth, women and men from the country.''' ,'''Those who misspent the government's money, they should be arrested and locked up.''' ,'''They gave me six weeks to do a campaign, and I did all of Haiti in six weeks.''' ,'''As you all know, agriculture is my priority. You all know this, I have just said it.''' ,'''Unfortunately, a significant portion of the world is still struggling with poverty and hunger and it will be impossible to reverse this trend without a huge mobilization of financial resources.''' ,'''There was an attempt on my life.''' ,'''Since I was a child, I was always wondering why people were living in such conditions while enormous lands were empty.''' ,'''There should be an investigation into other organizations that have been working here since 2010. For example, Doctors Without Borders had to repatriate about 17 people for misconduct which was not explained.''' ,'''I'm not a dictator. Dictators are people who take power and don't know when they're leaving. I know my mandate ends on Feb. 7, 2022.''' ,'''People who seek ransom out on the roads, who set up barricades, they are looking for work.''' ,'''It's time for us to work together to construct a Haiti that will make our forefathers proud.''' ,'''At the highest level of the government, we have to set the tone and preach by example.''' ,'''During my five-year presidency, no one, and I mean no one under any pretext can threaten the country's interest. It puts the nation in danger.''' ,'''We prioritize dialogue, even in our fight with bandits and gangs.''' ,'''I've given myself 18 to 24 months for Haiti to have electricity 24 hours around the clock.''' ,'''We will write a new page of history, one that is positive for this country, so future generations can be proud.''' ,'''The people went out and voted the banana man, and the Tabulation Center counted the tally sheets.''' ,'''We are all Haitians, and we will build one Haiti for all Haitians.''' ,'''I've already engaged in talks with the textile sector, where we hope to create tens of thousands more jobs.''' ,'''We can change Haiti if we work together.''' ,'''After decades of systematic plundering of state property by corrupt oligarchs, the country needs a collective awakening.''' ,'''When the president says that the biggest problem of the country is corruption, they attack the morality of the president so that he doesn't speak about corruption.''' ,'''Many Haitians don't want to participate in something they think will be violent.''' ,'''We need peace and stability to encourage people to vote.''' ,'''I will not respond to violence with violence.''' ,'''We don't want to govern the country without democratic institutions.''' ,'''No one will escape justice. It's a moral and judicial duty.''' ,'''The people took to the streets in July 2018 to demand change. I heard you. That's why I chose an electoral rival - notary public Jean Henry Ceant - as my prime minister.''' ,'''I'm the fifth president of Haiti to rule without a parliament.''' ,'''I will not permit anyone to put chaos and disorder in the country under any pretext.''' ,'''We are in a phase of democratization. We are constructing a democracy. We cannot construct a democracy with irritants.''' ,'''I am fully aware of my responsibility to ensure conditions are establish to guarantee security, stability and long-term development in Haiti.''' ,'''You cannot develop a country on donations.''' ,'''Jovenel Moise is a guy who will continue to do all that is good in all domain, but agriculture is our locomotive.''' ,'''It takes a lot of courage to stay in power, but I am pledging to you to have the courage to continue moving forward.''' ,'''Certain people should not be allowed to exploit the law, to decide the only way to engage in politics is to accuse others of lying.''' ,'''I have heard the screams of the people. I have heard and felt your desperation. Haiti will not perish. Haiti must not perish.''' ,'''I was president of a company and that company had a contract with the state.''' ,'''I believe agriculture is the key to change for this country.''' ,'''We must gather our courage. Hold hands and cast aside our divisions. We must embrace what unites us, together we can.''' ,'''Persons who wrongly managed or used the government's money will have to respond to justice in a process that is just, balanced and without political prosecution and without bias.''' ,'''Haitians must understand that they have to collaborate to resolve the country's problems - no one is coming to rescue them.''' ,'''We need a system that works.''' ,'''I don't see how there is anyone, after God, who has more power than me in the country.''' ,'''There is no shortcut to the development of Haiti.''' ,'''I started from scratch but I have always acted with honesty and integrity.''' ,'''I have had 20 months of campaigning.''' ,'''Your president, the one you voted for, is not involved in corruption. Your president was never in corruption.''' ,'''The dignity of the Haitian people has been trampled on.''' ,'''I am the president of all Haitians, the good and the bad.''' ,'''Haiti is back on the path to democracy.''' ,'''As president the law dictates how I do my job. The same law dictates how a judge should function.''' ,'''I want to see results.''' ,'''For 217 years, the whole history of the country has been based on conspiracies, coups, assassinations. We conspire to destroy it, never to build it.''' ,'''We must go beyond talking about the survival of the government, because political stability in Haiti is the most important thing for us.''' ,'''If the opposition wants power they must participate in democratic elections and win the vote of the people.''' ,'''I think that if Haiti is not self-sufficient in food, it is because we have stopped working.''' ,'''We don't need to fight against each other. Let's fight for each other.''' ,'''Jovenel is his own man.''' ,'''This is not about abolishing parliamentary power. It's about rebalancing power.''' ,'''Democracy demands sacrifice. Democracy demands that the rules of the game be respected just as the constitution requires.''' ,'''I am a hard-working entrepreneur.''' ,'''The biggest problem Haiti has is the weakness of its public institutions.''' ,'''Never, never will justice be used in Haitian institutions as an instrument for political persecution.''' ,'''The government should take all responsibility to continue with the social appeasement projects in disadvantaged neighborhoods to improve people's conditions.''' ,'''The voters who chose to cast their vote for another candidate, I want them to know that I respect their choice. I will be president for every Haitian.''' ,'''We want to show the world Haiti can endure.''' ,'''President Trump and I are entrepreneurs, and all an entrepreneur wants is results, and therefore I hope we'll put everything in place to make sure we deliver for our peoples.''' ,'''The government has to take every effort to create the conditions for peace to be established in the four corners of the country.''' ,]
+++