+++
author = "Bruno Sammartino"
title = "Bruno Sammartino Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Bruno Sammartino Quotes"
keywords = "bruno sammartino,bruno sammartino quotes,bruno sammartino quote,bruno sammartino sayings,bruno sammartino saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In the old days wrestling had a certain showmanship. All those people paid their dues. They knew how to wrestle.''' ,'''In my day, I, myself, in my prime, in the late-'50s-mid-'70s I was about 270-275. After I broke my neck and I was in the hospital for a month or so, I dropped the weight to about 250 and I kept that weight until I retired.''' ,'''People are always asking me where they can get some of my matches on tapes and DVDs. The people always tell me they see me on Youtube or whatever.''' ,'''I was in the business for almost a quarter of a century, and I'm very proud of my career.''' ,'''I very seldom look at wrestling magazines. Whenever I do, I get angry.''' ,'''Throughout the '60s and '70s, I saw many operas in New York and Philadelphia. When people found out about that, they were always shocked, because I was a professional wrestler. Why are athletes any different than any other profession? People have many other interests.''' ,'''I only survived because of my mother's love and care.''' ,'''I work out about three hours a day, four days a week to keep in shape.''' ,'''They say it's all fake, but there's nothing fake when a guy picks you up and slams you down or throws you out of the ring onto a concrete floor. They say, 'Yeah, but you know how to land.' Well, you try landing on a concrete floor.''' ,'''In Europe, I was just a little guy... the winters in the mountains were very nasty.''' ,'''The sacrifice musicians make, the results they achieve are fantastic. These are the big people as far as I am concerned. So if they are temperamental, I don't hold it against them after all they had to go through to get to the top.''' ,'''The only thing I like about doing autograph shows is that the people who used to be fans are so wonderful. They'll come over and give such wonderful compliments.''' ,'''Professional wrestlers are human beings like anybody else.''' ,'''Let's face it, I'm a has-been.''' ,'''The last thing I want to do in Europe is drive.''' ,'''Anytime that people feel that you accomplished enough to enter into a Hall of Fame, of course this is a tremendous, tremendous thrill for me.''' ,'''My jaw has been wired and rewired. It's incredible to think people would fake that.''' ,'''They said Babe Ruth built Yankee Stadium and Bruno Sammartino built the Garden. It always was my favorite place.''' ,'''I've had 10 major operations. Four back surgeries. A hip replacement. A broken neck... But I consider myself lucky. I keep thinking after all these surgeries, my luck is going to run out.''' ,'''After I retired, I spent a quarter of a century in the business, and when I retired and a new regime took over, Vince McMahon Jr. and that, and in the beginning I went back to help out. I color commentated with him, but then I started to see things that were disturbing to me.''' ,'''I'm an old-school guy.''' ,'''I think people saw me as someone who was real, and not somebody subject to the criticism and ridicule given to my profession.''' ,'''I never wrestled for the money or the fame. I just wanted to be able to take care of my family. I wanted to be able to educate my children. I wanted them to have it better than I did.''' ,'''To be honored with the WWE Hall of Fame, I cannot put into words how big it is for me.''' ,'''If anybody can really beat me, fine. But that's the only way I'll go down.''' ,'''There were a lot of tough guys who were tremendous wrestlers.''' ,'''I never had a gimmick. All I had was a pair of boots and a pair of tights.''' ,'''I didn't care if I was aching or hurting. I wanted to give the fans their money's worth.''' ,'''When you're in sports, you have such a limited time and then, it's all over with, finished.''' ,'''If people took the time to leave their homes and bought a ticket with their hard-earned cash to see me perform, the least I could do was give it everything I had every time out.''' ,'''Stan Hansen was a different ballgame. I broke my neck wrestling him in Madison Square Garden. I spent a month in the hospital and for a while it was touch and go because the doctors told me I came within a millimeter of being paralyzed from the neck down.''' ,'''Ivan Koloff was great. I had a lot of great matches with him.''' ,'''When it came to the Hall of Fame, I've been very critical of the direction they've taken and I'd feel like a hypocrite if I just accepted this Hall of Fame while I'm so against what they're doing.''' ,'''Inoki is nothing but a third rater in my estimation.''' ,'''I think guys like Cena work very hard.''' ,'''I'm very violent in the ring. I don't know if it's the Italian temper, I can get very nasty in there. But outside, I'm the easiest-going guy in the world.''' ,'''I'm not bragging, but my reputation among my peers was Bruno was a horse I never got tired.''' ,'''Wrestling is how I made my living and supported my family, but it's over. I don't want anything to do with it anymore.''' ,'''Everything that I am, everything that I've done, everything that I hope to be is because of my mom.''' ,'''Buddy Rogers and I never liked each other to be honest, however I take nothing away from him.''' ,'''She was absolutely my hero. She would do without if she could help somebody else. My mom showed the courage of the lion to keep her kids alive, and the sacrifices she made were incredible. I don't know if I would have been man enough to do what she did.''' ,'''I sweat an awful lot.''' ,'''I lost a brother and a sister, and I came down with rheumatic fever.''' ,'''Besides wrestling, in my younger years, I also competed in Olympic lifting and power lifting.''' ,'''I was never a fan of Hogan because I was never impressed with his quality of performance in the ring.''' ,'''We lived in the mountains for 14 months without much food. People were dying from starvation.''' ,'''I always used to get goosebumps in Madison Square Garden, because as soon as I started making my entrance, people would be chanting my name. 'BRU-NO! BRU-NO!'''' ,'''For my fans around the world, I am pleased to be joining the WWE Hall of Fame, especially at Madison Square Garden.''' ,'''I complained about the gimmicks. All the nonsense and garbage. After a while I just said I would not wrestle with the guys wearing masks, or guys that had some get-up on. It was demeaning. I refuse to go onto the mat against a Christmas tree.''' ,'''I like a match that shows strength, stamina, scientific technique.''' ,'''If I were to tell you that my day was all pure wrestling, I wouldn't be honest with you. Because there were crooked promoters. There were a lot of guys that knew that they couldn't even compete with other guys. But to suggest that every match was like that wouldn't be true.''' ,'''Professional wrestling, when you're talking money, like they say, it's the root of all evil.''' ,'''We hid from the Nazis in the mountains. Sometimes there was nothing to eat but snow.''' ,'''I wasn't a 97-pound weakling. I was an 80-pound weakling.''' ,'''I could never imagine myself living anywhere but Pittsburgh.''' ,'''You look at success and thank God and the fans for the success. It's why I always feel indebted to the fans.''' ,'''I was born in Pizzoferrato, a little village of 1000, in the Abruzzi region of Italy.''' ,'''What the heck did people see in me?''' ,'''I weighed 84 pounds when I was 14. I was an easy target for the other kids.''' ,'''Listen, when I was real young, I thought I was made out of steel. I didn't think anything could hurt me, I was so powerful. But as time goes on, you find out you are not made of steel.''' ,'''There were promises made to me as far as if I became a professional wrestler, that I was going to be given every opportunity to be a headliner... and that's the only reason why I accepted.''' ,'''When I broke my neck, I was told that I came within a millimeter of dying or being paralyzed from the neck down. When it happened, I was numb on one side. In spite of how serious they were telling me it was, I never took it seriously. I kept saying it's going to be OK, I trained too hard to get hurt. Which is silly.''' ,'''People have no clue how demanding my schedule was back in the day. There were times when I might be home for just one or two days a month.''' ,'''I'm so grateful to America and my hometown of Pittsburgh. I love my city. I'm proud of being from here.''' ,'''I am humbled that Arnold Schwarzenegger will be inducting me into the WWE Hall of Fame. The kindness and support that Arnold has shown me over the years is truly overwhelming.''' ,'''There's nothing like wrestling in front of people you know.''' ,'''The greatest gift a man can have is to have an operatic voice.''' ,'''Wrestling was my way of making a living. I did the very best I could.''' ,'''I held the title for almost eight years the first time and then I lost it at the Garden. But, then I came back and took it again for another four years.''' ,'''I'm totally dedicated to training no one trains harder than I do.''' ,'''Wrestling isn't looked upon like the other sports of football, baseball, basketball and hockey.''' ,'''I don't want this to come out the wrong way, but in the '60s and '70s, I don't know anybody who was known around the world like I was.''' ,'''In Argentina, in Brazil, I remember going to Australia, all the trips I did in Japan, you know how they'd advertise me? 'From Madison Square Garden, Bruno Sammartino.'''' ,'''Anybody who sees me in person will see the worst cauliflower ears I think you have ever seen.''' ,'''I didn't care for Steve Austin because of his mouth. He was a very, very vulgar individual and anybody who is like that I can never be a fan of. So, any of his positives were overshadowed by the negatives.''' ,'''I busted my nose 11 times. My fingers are all busted. My ribs. Both my arms. I can't straighten them out.''' ,'''My father bought a house in Panther Hollow. We were the first Italians in the neighborhood.''' ,'''Honestly, when I left the business, in time, some people might remember you and some might say they knew the name. But, people move on and there are new interests and all kinds of different things go on all the time. So, it surprised me how people have not forgotten.''' ,'''I had a lot of my success due to appearing at the Garden. I wrestled there over 200 times, it's where I won the title, and it's where I picked up 630-plus pounds of Haystacks Calhoun.''' ,'''Haystacks Calhoun has never been lifted because he has never been in the ring with Bruno Sammartino.''' ,'''I watched other boys play baseball and other games, but I was too sickly to join in the fun.''' ,'''I was never going to do anything that would have brought shame to my family. I owed too much, and I wanted them to be proud to say that they were Bruno Sammartino's mother and father.''' ,'''In talking to Paul Levesque, I made it clear, I've had issues with WWE and wrestling in general, because there were other organizations. I didn't like the direction they had taken. It was bothersome to me.''' ,'''I would be a fool to tell you that there was no fixing. You ask if wrestling is for real? Well, I think my own body answers that question.''' ,'''In every city, I had my favorite place. In Baltimore, it was Sabatino's.''' ,'''In 1959 I had broken the bench press record by lifting 565 pounds, and I could lift 715 pounds from a squat.''' ,'''The things that Billy Graham says, I really have no idea why he says them. He talks about things without really knowing all the facts. I just think there's something wrong with the man.''' ,'''I would have loved to sing opera, but I have no voice. I used to sing along with records.''' ,'''They call me 'The Maniac' as far as training goes. I'm a fanatic. I run 10 miles every day and I train three hours every other day with barbells. Nobody trains that hard. And that's not bragging.''' ,'''I knew a little bit about training and what it took to transform your body into something impressive looking.''' ,'''Franco Corelli is my favorite tenor.''' ,'''We didn't have shoes until we came over to America.''' ,'''Kurt Angle, I knew he was from Pittsburgh and I knew his background very well and his amateur days and, of course, going to the Olympics and all that. When he went into professional wrestling, he was very good at adjusting and displaying a lot of great moves. It was something that the fans could look at a say, hey, that's wrestling.''' ,'''A lotta stuff has been written about me that I never said. Stories that were lies. One guy wrote that young as I was during World War II, I actually got a rifle and fought off the Germans. Which is ridiculous, insane. I was just six.''' ,'''I really don't understand because I love opera, because I respect the Michelangelos and da Vincis, that it should be shocking because I am a wrestler. Because I am a wrestler does it mean that I am some kind of a robot who only knows to go into the squared circle and pound on somebody?''' ,'''If I had only Inoki to meet, I could wrestle until I was 60 years old.''' ,'''We lived off the land in Italy.''' ,'''With Paul Levesque and the conversations we have had I've found him to be a straight shooter and everything he said with me he kept his word 100%.''' ,'''I am not a guy who can write speeches and when I speak I speak from the heart, I just say what I feel and what I believe in.''' ,'''I'm an opera lover.''' ,]
+++