+++
author = "Suzanne Brockmann"
title = "Suzanne Brockmann Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Suzanne Brockmann Quotes"
keywords = "suzanne brockmann,suzanne brockmann quotes,suzanne brockmann quote,suzanne brockmann sayings,suzanne brockmann saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a fan of meeting readers face to face, at reader events, where we're able to sit down and take some time to talk. Too often, at regular book signings, I meet readers who have traveled six or eight hours to see me, and I'm unable to spend more than a few short minutes chatting with them as I sign books.''' ,'''Marriage equality is coming, and not merely to a theater near you.''' ,'''There's no right way or wrong way to work. There's only your way.''' ,'''I'm a fan of meeting readers face to face, at reader events, where we're able to sit down and take some time to talk.''' ,'''If 'gay' is not in your vocabulary, if being gay is not an option in your world, then you're far more likely to see your kid as anything but gay.''' ,'''I care a great deal about LGBT U.S. servicemen and women being able to serve openly and honestly. Since early in my career, I've included realistic LGBT characters in my books. The idea that a gay Navy SEAL had to hide who he was in order to serve was a terrible one - and I made sure my readers knew that!''' ,'''I remain convinced that the most valuable use of time for a newly published author is to write a second book that's even better than the first, and a third that's better than the second, and on and on.''' ,'''You have to really want to be a Navy SEAL. The passion you need to endure the rigors of training, to become the best of the best... It's admirable.''' ,'''The lust and attraction are often a given in a romance novel - I want to dig into the elements of true friendship that form a foundation for a solid, gonna-last-forever romantic relationship.''' ,'''I used to shake my head when I heard about mothers who were shocked - shocked! - when their kids came out. I didn't understand how they had missed seeing something so essential when looking at their children. But too many parents see only what they want to see, and that's true whether our kids are gay or straight.''' ,'''I love the fact that so many of my readers are intelligent, exceptional, accomplished people with an open-minded love of diversity.''' ,'''I really like writing heroes who aren't necessarily 'Hollywood handsome.' Personally, I think men who are self-confident, intelligent, and funny are outrageously attractive - and my heroines tend to think that, too!''' ,'''I love the fact that so many of my readers are intelligent, exceptional, accomplished people with an open-minded love of diversity. But even more than that, I love it when my readers find lasting friendship with others of my readers - knowing that they met through their mutual affection for my books and characters makes me happy!''' ,'''Dare, dream, dance, smile, and sing loudly! And have faith that love is an unstoppable force!''' ,]
+++