+++
author = "Kylian Mbappe"
title = "Kylian Mbappe Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kylian Mbappe Quotes"
keywords = "kylian mbappe,kylian mbappe quotes,kylian mbappe quote,kylian mbappe sayings,kylian mbappe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Extraordinary is a player who can score 60 goals. There are not a lot. Otherwise I think we would overuse the term.''' ,'''You always have to keep some lucidity.''' ,'''It will not matter, the pressure I always had it, I was mediated early, I learned to handle it, I got used to it and it's part of my environment.''' ,'''I have so much love for football, that I think is the reason why I seek refuge in training - I'm always guided by that desire to conquer, to win.''' ,'''When you are young, you admire the people you see on TV and you want to have the same gestures and the same attitudes and behave in the same way. It is a responsibility.''' ,'''For me, football is more than a sport, just look at the impact it has on society.''' ,'''There is only one club in the city, so the kids naturally head towards PSG.''' ,'''In Paris, I will be able to learn and improve while winning.''' ,'''The greatest are an inspiration for all the kids who wake up early in the morning. Everyone watches you, is inspired by you and wants to be you. So you influence society. That's what being more than an athlete means. I want more kids to have that opportunity. I want everybody to start with the same chance.''' ,'''Club or national training is the same. We play as we train.''' ,'''Football is a sport that you play with a team and I think if you want to win the Ballon d'Or, you have to win the Champions League.''' ,'''Individual trophies, I have quite a lot right now at home, but there will never be enough.''' ,'''I dreamed of becoming a world champion, I dreamed of becoming France's champion.''' ,'''I work hard every day to try to help my team. I try to have fun too - because football is still fun - and scoring goals, breaking records, that's what drives me.''' ,'''You have to raise your game to the level of those around you. Then you have to maintain that high level, and by doing this I think I am improving naturally.''' ,'''We try not to let pressure get into our heads and play the way we usually do.''' ,'''As long as an attacker creates opportunities, everything is fine.''' ,'''Edinson is the perfect team-mate for players like myself and Neymar. He is always available, he's very mobile, and he has an amazing shot on him. He's a natural goal-scorer, a true professional and a very good person as well. He's one of the best strikers in the world.''' ,'''Great players make history in their own country.''' ,'''People on the outside see a Neymar on the pitch, but that's not him. People see him doing tricks and dribbles and think that he is only trying to enjoy himself, that he's selfish and only thinks about himself. But when you share a dressing room with him you realise that it's not the case.''' ,'''A great team relies on its leaders and they have to make a difference at key moments.''' ,'''I try to work to improve myself every day and I try to do on the pitch what I do during the training sessions.''' ,'''When you retire, people don't look at how good you became. They look at what you've won. We remember the winners.''' ,'''Football is played on the field.''' ,'''We must stop feeling fear.''' ,'''Yes, I met with Arsene Wenger, who is a great coach. He has a great reputation here in France, he's well-respected and knows how to develop young players.''' ,'''I would like my celebrity to serve charity purposes, and to help people less well off.''' ,'''If the team needs you, you need to sacrifice.''' ,'''When you come to Paris you are at a club that has the ambition to be the best in the world, you have come to a club that wants to play in all the competitions.''' ,'''There is no bad time to laugh. I always joke, even five minutes before a game. It's not bad to stay a little immature.''' ,'''Real Madrid is a club where you have to go when you are mature and at the top of your game.''' ,'''I want to specify that I pay my own taxes in France, for all my income.''' ,'''You should always focus on training and consider it a step forward. And each step is taking you higher and higher until you reach the top, which is where you should stay.''' ,'''So, individually, my goal is to score a lot of goals and help Neymar. He can help us raise a lot of trophies, so we have to take care of him.''' ,'''I'm going to give everything I have got to make history with PSG.''' ,'''The personal stats are good, but the collective is better.''' ,'''I have learned that the biggest stars and the greatest players are the most humble ones, the ones who respect people the most.''' ,'''I dream of being managed by Arsene Wenger.''' ,'''Neymar is a superstar, much more of star than me.''' ,'''As I always say - you have no feelings when you are on the pitch. You are there to play, to give the best for your team.''' ,'''It's one of the disadvantages of succeeding early. I missed simple things like having a driver's license. I think everyone has one. For so many people, a license is an obligation, but it wasn't for me. Licenses are often synonymous with autonomy, but I had my autonomy so early that I've had drivers at my disposal. It was never a priority.''' ,'''Those who talk about the sacrifices that they make throughout a career, I do not understand too much. For me, the real sacrifice would be getting up early in the morning to work.''' ,'''In terms of evolution, I think that for me, it's all about titles. That's what you become world-renowned for, what you've won, and not just the growth you've had on the pitch.''' ,'''I want to win the Champions League first. If I can win the Ballon d'Or, okay, but my objective is to win the Champions League first.''' ,'''When my kids ask me, 'What did you do when you were 18?' I will tell them I was already at Paris Saint-Germain, that I was already a star and had to stay at home. I'll have my stories about home.''' ,'''It's true that it's good to have a good striker, but you have to win.''' ,'''We must always set the bar high, otherwise we do not progress.''' ,'''You play with 10 players, you don't play alone.''' ,'''When I was younger, there were players who gave me pleasure, and now I'm in that role.''' ,'''I am aware of the risk with all the media attention, all the glitz and glamour around football. And that was the only piece of advice my father gave me about my future - to stay myself. I know where I come from.''' ,'''I did not have the moments of so-called normal people during adolescence, like going out with friends, enjoying good times.''' ,'''Helping people, moreover those coming from where you grew up, this is the most important. Not everyone can succeed, but at least you can to act for them.''' ,'''The most important thing is to win the Champions League because you can win the Ballon d'Or and not stay in history.''' ,'''The Champions League is very difficult and you need to keep your concentration at all times.''' ,'''I don't want to be a copy of anyone else.''' ,'''Now in the U.S.A., a lot of great players come after their careers in Europe, like Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Steven Gerrard, Frank Lampard, Andrea Pirlo, great players.''' ,'''I've always said the World Cup is a dream for any player.''' ,'''What I want is to play, so you go to a club where you can do that.''' ,'''I'm very happy with how things are going for me at Paris Saint-Germain.''' ,'''Cristiano Ronaldo, Messi and Neymar are phenomenal.''' ,'''I always assume that one day someone will come and try to do better so you always have to go beyond your limits.''' ,'''PSG is an ambitious club that wants to be the best in the world. So you have to win all the competitions and leave no room for doubt.''' ,'''I love coaches that just talk about football.''' ,'''Number 7 is a legendary number, many great players who have worn it. I hope I could do credit in the field with this number.''' ,'''Like the greats, you want to make your own story yourself, and not be a copy of another.''' ,'''In football, everything is possible, from the moment you work and you believe in your qualities.''' ,'''Zidane the player made me dream and still makes me dream when I watch videos of him. The coach is completely different, he is a great coach who has quickly achieved results and continues to develop.''' ,'''Football goes fast but it can go quickly in both directions.''' ,'''I just feel at Paris, I will have more chances compared to Madrid. I'm French and I choose a French team. People must be happy to keep a French player in the league.''' ,'''You can't sit around and do nothing, you have to carry on.''' ,'''French football must go as far as possible in the Champions League.''' ,'''I do not chase after the records.''' ,'''I am happy, and I am living the life I always dreamed of.''' ,'''With Ronaldo in the league, people will be passionate again about Serie A.''' ,'''I've always wanted to play with great players.''' ,'''I was a football fan, a kid who loved football and when you are a kid from Paris there are only two stadiums - the Stade de France or the Parc de Princes - and that is what makes Paris so special.''' ,'''Learning is fine, but you also have to win - you only have one career.''' ,'''When you end the European Championship the best goal-scorer in your own country, you show the world that you have the shoulders to handle the pressure.''' ,'''For me, the Parc des Princes is special, somewhere I'd go to spend my pocket money.''' ,'''Even if I am French, I have African roots. Helping African sport to develop is something that is very important to me. If I can use my reputation or other means to help, then I will.''' ,'''When we make the effort for each other, it makes the difference.''' ,'''It must be something extraordinary to be able to say to yourself that the happiness of every French person is in your hands.''' ,'''I'm not going to revolutionise football. I'm in a system. You have to know how to respect it and to stay in place.''' ,'''Ronaldo brings something great to Juventus, although the Bianconeri did not lack much to be complete.''' ,'''I have always considered myself as a privileged person from a kind of elite among the lucky ones. So I think we should help all those who have not had the luck I have had, to use my fame to help.''' ,'''We have given ourselves the means of our ambitions, and in football, when we give ourselves the means, it is always less difficult.''' ,'''Nobody will write in your contract that you have the assurance to play.''' ,'''The Parc is special, I came here when I was young.''' ,'''Playing with Neymar is something extraordinary.''' ,'''I am a very, very lucky player, a privileged player.''' ,'''For me, the Parc was a place where I came when I had pocket money!''' ,'''From someone who has won five Ballons d'Or you can learn a lot.''' ,'''I am hungry for titles.''' ,'''It's really incredible to be compared to a player like 'King Pele' who is the King of Football. But what I must think about is working hard and following my own pathway and not thinking about people who compare you to other players.''' ,'''People come to the stadium to forget their lives for 90 minutes, and it's up to us to give them satisfaction; to get them out of their chairs and to fall asleep with stars in their eyes.''' ,'''I was a dreamer when I was younger.''' ,'''Becoming a good player so quickly made me miss a lot of the normal life of a normal teenager.''' ,'''I would not say that what I do is extraordinary. I would just say that I am able to do what I know best. I would not say it's extraordinary.''' ,'''Bondy is a city that breathes football.''' ,'''I get up in the morning and I go to practice like everyone else.''' ,]
+++