+++
author = "Karishma Tanna"
title = "Karishma Tanna Quotes"
quotes_len = "68"
description = "the best 68 Karishma Tanna Quotes"
keywords = "karishma tanna,karishma tanna quotes,karishma tanna quote,karishma tanna sayings,karishma tanna saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If a role demands in a good project, I wouldn't mind wearing a bikini.''' ,'''I discovered my love for dancing when I was barely 5-6 years of age. Whenever I would hear any music playing, I would automatically groove to it.''' ,'''Friends do give advice, but in the end, it's up to you. Although I think it is nice to have a guy's perspective on girls' issues in relationships and vice versa.''' ,'''I do feel I have all the qualities of a film star but then why didn't I make it that big? I blame it on my destiny. I was not there at the right place at the right time.''' ,'''I took a break from TV for about three-four years. During that time, I had to let go of some of the best shows that were offered to me, as I wanted to focus on films. It was believed that if you are seen too much on TV, you won't get films.''' ,'''Working with Hirani sir is a big thing for me. At least in my resume, I'll have a mention of his name in my filmography.''' ,'''If you have a dream, be brave enough to go and get it!''' ,'''I will only talk about my work. I have always stayed away from commenting on my personal life, and that remains unchanged.''' ,'''I had a lot of fun playing a naagin. It is all fantasy, so it was great.''' ,'''I'm not very comfortable about the audience getting a peek into my personal life. I like to keep my personal space.''' ,'''People who call me reality queen or whatever don't help me run my house. If I get a good project, I'll definitely pick it up because today I'm famous; tomorrow, maybe I'd be gone.''' ,'''I'd love to host a reality show now and not be a contestant in it. I want to take a show forward.''' ,'''It is very difficult for us to establish identity in films. It is not easy to break through your stereotype image from television and form a new identity on the big screen.''' ,'''Nobody wants to get into controversies, especially in the film industry. I do not wish to be a controversial girl. But sometimes you have to take tough decisions that might eventually help your career.''' ,'''I'm very choosy when it comes to work. It's not like whatever comes my way, I will agree to do it. But if I'm getting good money and exposure and if the content is satisfying, what's the harm in doing it, even if it's yet another reality show?''' ,'''I do feel a bit dejected about my film career. I am sad that it didn't take off as expected. I didn't get my due as an actor. I have an attractive personality and good looks. But I don't know what went wrong? You need to stop thinking about such things and move on.''' ,'''Have we ever seen Bollywood stars compete among themselves on a platform like 'Jhalak?' It's always TV stars who compete amongst themselves and are judged by Bollywood stars.''' ,'''For me, style is something that I'm comfortable in. I don't really follow any trends. I just like to wear things that look good on me and suit my body and personality.''' ,'''I love doing comic roles and believe I am best at it.''' ,'''Audiences have taken a liking for supernatural and fantasy shows. The genre is doing well on the small screen, and I wanted to get into that mould. I have never played a naagin, and such roles have always intrigued me.''' ,'''Long kurtas, especially the pink and yellow ones, that I had worn in 'Big Boss 8' - they are very comfortable to wear. You can wear them with a just a belt for your day outings or lunches for stylish and classy look. Or you can also team it up with a churidar and dupatta for an evening outing to look more classy.''' ,'''I really like light-hearted and humourous people.''' ,'''I always try to do something different and creative with my dress sense.''' ,'''Black is a great colour when it comes to being safe and classy. It looks great on any body type and can be paired with anything. So when in doubt, go for black.''' ,'''It is very different hosting and judging a show like 'Love School'; it was unlike acting in a movie or series or being part of a reality show. But I keep telling myself that I have just one life, and I have to make the most of it.''' ,'''My biggest concern is people misunderstanding me.''' ,''''Choli Ke Peeche' and 'Ek Doh Teen' were my favourite numbers as a kid. I was a huge fan of Madhuri Dixit and would spend hours looking into the mirror and aping her expressions, believing that the mirror was the camera!''' ,'''I think the only thing that is in my hands is to look good, and that is one thing I will do for sure.''' ,'''Like a lot of girls, even I have this dream of being in the movies, and like any actor, I need to grow.''' ,'''Overall, I feel that southern cinema, in itself, has taken over the film industry with its content, stories and screenplay.''' ,'''It is my dream to be a Bollywood actor.''' ,'''I am sharing screen space with Ranbir Kapoor, but I am not exactly playing Sanjay Dutt's love interest, I am one of his encounters... It's just a cameo, but I would take my role as important, as it is a biopic on Sanjay Dutt, so whatever is important in his life is being shown in the film.''' ,'''I have realised I need to tone down and be easy at times. It is good to be competitive and have a fighting spirit, but one should not go to extremes.''' ,'''Whether it's something happy or sad, I like to share everything with my mother.''' ,'''Fashion, for me, is reviving different things - I like to stand out every time I dress up and what I'm comfortable in. I need to be extremely confident and comfortable in the attire I wear.''' ,'''I can never marry an obese guy.''' ,'''I will never create a romantic angle to survive on a game show.''' ,'''I want to concentrate on work and won't do anything to divert my concentration.''' ,'''I think it is important to give your partner enough time in a relationship.''' ,'''I like Victoria Beckham's fashion sense. In Bollywood, Kangana Ranaut is really out-of-the-box and quirky.''' ,'''I get to pick so many things as an actor. Also, I'm a good observer of people and their mannerisms.''' ,'''People knew who Karishma Tanna is always, but through 'Bigg Boss,' they know me very well - what kind of a personality I have, what do I do in the morning and what do I do in the evening, what type of clothes I wear, how do I do my hair, how do I do make-up.''' ,'''I like keeping myself hydrated and taking care of my body, skin, hair... I feel it's good to maintain yourself.''' ,'''I'd love to do Tamil movies whenever the right script comes by.''' ,'''I've seen almost all of Rajinikanth sir's movies, at least the ones that have come to Mumbai, since I don't understand Tamil. I loved him in the movie 'Hum' as well.''' ,'''I love things which are different and shows which are different.''' ,'''People tend to discuss things like relationships with family and friends, and the fact that I'm the only breadwinner in the family. And honestly, I cashed in on it.''' ,'''I always see everything in a positive light.''' ,'''I was dancing when I was acting as well. Actors generally dance in performances like in an award function.''' ,'''I don't regret being on television; I just regret the fact that I wanted to be in the movies, and that didn't happen.''' ,'''It has to be really interesting for me to perform the same role for 365 days non-stop. It becomes taxing for an actor to perform the same character for 12 hours every day, and then, after a point, there's no growth.''' ,'''I feel every artist has a certain amount of fan following.''' ,'''In films, you work for three to six months, and you're out of the character. But for a daily soap, you don't have that luxury. So the character has to be convincing. Otherwise, your mind is not in it, and you're just working for money, which is a good amount in serials. But I want both: good acting and good money.''' ,'''I don't know why people feel that I am only interested in films, but I very much want to do fiction. My only prerequisite is a good role, something which satisfies the actor in me. If I get a good banner and a good channel, I would definitely do a daily soap.''' ,'''Even if you're doing a film, you're in the news while the shooting is on and during promotions. But once it's over, the limelight fades away, and you wait for something better to come your way.''' ,'''I don't stuff myself at breakfast and prefer to have a glass of milk and fruit for breakfast. I prefer a home-made vegetarian lunch otherwise.''' ,'''Reality shows can put a lot of stress on you.''' ,'''For me, the most important things are me, myself, and my family.''' ,'''Even if I don't have a successful film career, at least I am a popular name on TV. I always see the positive side of things. You do feel negative at times, and even humiliated, but if you keep thinking about that, then your life won't move forward.''' ,'''In a TV show, you are restricted to a lot of things. On television, you can't put the content you can put on web series and on the channels digitally.''' ,'''It's heartening to see talented girls like Prachi Desai and Yami Gautam making it big in films and proving themselves.''' ,'''Be beautiful, be stylish, and love yourself.''' ,'''I thank God because he has given me work somewhere or the other.''' ,'''People assumed that I wasn't open to doing TV, probably because I was doing a film and reality shows. I have become choosy and want to take up substantial roles.''' ,'''Sadly, we don't have Gujarati food on sets, but we do love the delicious Rajasthani dal-baati, gatte ki sabzi, and those proper Rajasthani thalis.''' ,'''Generally, in Gujarati families, people get married early, and all my friends are married with two kids. My father had told me, 'If you do not find a right partner, do not get married'; that's the advice he has always given me. So, I will never compromise in my marriage.''' ,'''I am not a person to compromise on my priorities and family just for a show.''' ,'''Even when I was young, with a limited amount of money and exposure, I tried to look my best. I like to follow trends and stand out. I have always had that fashion sense. But with the time, age, money, and experience, I have made a conscious effort to stand out.''' ,]
+++