+++
author = "Nick Diaz"
title = "Nick Diaz Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Nick Diaz Quotes"
keywords = "nick diaz,nick diaz quotes,nick diaz quote,nick diaz sayings,nick diaz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Stylistically, though, I've always liked Carlos Condit, because he at least amounted to at least the level of doing what I do. I mean, but I think he stands a little upright.''' ,'''I'm gonna talk my talk, I'm gonna walk my walk.''' ,'''I don't recommend anybody becoming a fighter.''' ,'''I think for hundreds of years or for a much longer time, people have been fighting, professional athletes have been fighting in a ring. So it's just the way it should be. There's no sense in making it a cage.''' ,'''I just want to display my skills to the world because I can do it all.''' ,'''I don't like the way the cage is set up. I think it's really dangerous that the metal comes up about three inches off the ground. People were putting their foot on it. I can see it. And I was worried about being taken down and landing backwards with my elbow. and damaging my elbow or even my head.''' ,'''This is my life. It's everything I do, train eight-hour days every day.''' ,'''I like Georges. I'm a fan of Georges St-Pierre. I appreciate everything he does, and how he does everything to win, and it meets the scoring criteria that sucks.''' ,'''I just try to be as healthy as I can, pretty much.''' ,'''I held off on having kids and getting married so I could fight. I gave my life to this.''' ,'''Sometimes you win some, sometimes you lose some, sometimes you can't be at 100 percent.''' ,'''You know what? I've never paid taxes in my life. I'm probably going to go to jail.''' ,'''For me, I already fought some of the best people there are. I already did, you know, what I need to do for me.''' ,'''I have Georges St-Pierre out here telling me 'you really think I'm afraid of you, man?' and I'm like you should be, bro. You should be scared out of your mind. I'll tell you what, I'm scared of him.''' ,'''I had my mom drive me to practice everywhere. I'm really grateful I had her.''' ,'''I'm not in love with fighting. I never was.''' ,'''I live a fight life, I can do what I want to win a fight.''' ,'''Don't tell me I'm crazy. I'm out here acting natural.''' ,'''I'm just going to do what I always do: train. And when it's time to fight, I go fight.''' ,'''I've lost fights before where I'm landing more punches and I'm moving away from the guy. So, the way that they score things at the end doesn't seem very consistent to me.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who's in tune with what's really going on.''' ,'''For the most part, since the time I was in EliteXC fighting, maybe there were one or two fights here and there that they had me to win, but for the most part I've been an underdog. I'm not a kickboxer so I'm going to lose to a kickboxer. I'm not a wrestler, my wrestling sucks, so I'm going to lose to a wrestler.''' ,'''Sometimes I'm like, man, I wish I'd just fall off, so people stop talking about me.''' ,'''I'm not hard to find. I'm on Snapchat and Instagram every day.''' ,'''My first experience of doing martial arts was weird, real traditional, strange smell with incense burning. We did a lot of bowing, it was a lot of path of least resistance and go with the flow... Really good stuff for when you're at a young age.''' ,'''The UFC wants me to fight. The people want me to fight. I don't want me to fight.''' ,'''I'm not no chump.''' ,'''A lot of guys have to worry about what their wives and kids think, I don't.''' ,'''I'm the most overworked, overtrained, underpaid fighter.''' ,'''You see me. What you see is what you get. You get real martial arts, you get real fighting, you get a real warrior mentality. Some people aren't mature enough to handle it.''' ,'''Fighting is not something that I enjoy doing. It's something that I do that I feel that I have to do.''' ,'''I had a really hot girlfriend in high school and I'd get into fights over that. And by the time I got into high school, I was moved around into a lot of schools, so I was getting into fights in high school.''' ,'''Once I turned pro, I was like okay, this is not fun and games now.''' ,'''Every other fighter has a life on the side. I've never had another job.''' ,'''I'm not out here trying putting on an act like I'm crazy. In my opinion, everyone else is crazy. They're the ones who put on an act for you, doing what they're told in front of the camera.''' ,'''I don't like to hurt people for fun.''' ,'''I don't have to worry about being a good role model.''' ,'''I felt like my job is to go out there and put on a good show, amazing fights and give an amazing effort and hope that people can recognize that sort of thing, and maybe they would want to find out more.''' ,'''Everybody points their finger at me and says that I'm the crazy guy and this thug.''' ,'''I enjoy fighting here in Japan under the regular Dream/Pride rules with the ring and the whole rules criteria.''' ,'''I've been watching Frank Shamrock fight since the beginning.''' ,'''Have you ever seen me knock somebody out and make a big scene? Hell no.''' ,'''In order to love fighting, I have to hate it.''' ,'''I'm the original Conor McGregor. I'm the original model of Conor McGregor. He wouldn't be who he is if it wasn't for me. Nothing against him. I'm the original real deal.''' ,'''I don't like that I'm made out to be this evil person, who needs to be shot down and conquered.''' ,'''I'm not going backwards in this sport ever, especially in pay. Why would I?''' ,'''I did aikido when I was four years old.''' ,'''I've never backed out of a fight in my life. That's not what I do.''' ,'''I love athletics and martial-arts and competition because it gets me right and puts me in the right place.''' ,'''I'm fighting hard, I'm training hard. I'm still walking over people and stepping over people to get where I'm going and I would really like to give back especially to my mom, who was there for me when I was a kid.''' ,'''I didn't graduate eighth grade. I could have, but I got into too many fights in middle school.''' ,'''I don't know how they judge fights sometimes.''' ,'''Everybody wants to do a fight with me, champions at 170, champions at 185.''' ,'''I will tell you right now, I want to fight the No. 1 fighter in the world. I always said that I want to fight the No. 1 fighter.''' ,'''I don't care about the Strikeforce belt.''' ,'''I'm trying to live life like a normal person.''' ,'''I'm scared of any fighter I've ever fought because they are some dangerous people to be dealing with.''' ,'''What I do is, I fight.''' ,'''They pay me way too much money but not enough as far as I'm concerned.''' ,'''You don't always come off the way that you want to or look the way you want to. I go out there and just act up and become the evil villain, and I'm calling guys out and stuff. It seems to have worked. I'm getting the fights I want.''' ,'''People want to see real skill level, real Jiu Jitsu, real boxing, put together and mixed up. They want to see mixed martial arts. They don't want to see five minutes of holding. I think there should be points deducted when you do that.''' ,'''I'll fight anywhere.''' ,'''It's a really complicated road if you're an MMA fighter.''' ,'''I may not be able to keep fighting for money for a living, but I will always have to fight for my dignity, because that's who I am.''' ,'''I like the idea of being able to fight my way out of something.''' ,'''I was always throwing a fit about it, like somebody I was fighting had their hair painted and I would be like, it's not enough that this guy has to win a fight against me, but he's gotta do it with his hair being on blast, like big mohawk. Just a wild man.''' ,'''That's a disgusting thought to have to fight my brother. I don't even appreciate being asked about that.''' ,'''I don't want to say I was a big Shinya Aoki fan, but it's just that I felt like he got out and was able to do a lot of the tricks that I like to do before I was able to do them. I guess you can say, a little bit jealous in a way that he was making that sort of show before I was.''' ,'''I just never try to beat somebody on the scorecards. It's never happened. It's not in me, I think.''' ,'''You know, I'm never really 100-percent in any of those fights, because it's so hard to have perfect preparation for fighting and cutting weight and making 170 pounds, and being in the best shape for training camp and to make that cut.''' ,'''I don't have anything against Georges St-Pierre. I think he's a great fighter. I think he's a nice guy just like everybody else, and he's a great role model. I would love to be that too if I was in that position.''' ,'''I'm a pay-per-view without a title.''' ,'''I drink 10 pounds of water and sweat out 10 pounds of water every day.''' ,'''When someone tells you a fighter's injured and they tell you to go after an injury, it really throws you off.''' ,'''I want to go against the best fighters. That's why I'm always calling out Georges St-Pierre.''' ,'''Stockton is a great fight town because if you drive long enough on some of these roads, you'll probably see a pretty good street fight.''' ,'''You can't lie to the fans. They know what they want to see.''' ,'''I'm ready to fight anybody.''' ,'''People like to talk a lot about me, about how I have anxiety or social disorders. I'll admit to anxiety, but it has nothing to do with media or being in front of a camera or being around people. It has to do with dealing with the sparring that I'm going to have or the workouts that I'm going to have from day to day.''' ,'''Martial arts, when I do martial arts, it's more of a life type of training.''' ,'''If anybody wants to fight me they know where to find me. I'm not a hard guy to find. Come get some.''' ,'''Belts aren't important. It's the fights that are important. Important to the fans, important to the show.''' ,'''I don't owe nobody nothing.''' ,'''I have a cage at home, I have a cage at all the gyms I train.''' ,'''I just come to fight. Whatever happens out there happens.''' ,'''I was never, like, picking on people or anything like that. I was more the other way around. I was a little insecure, I was broke.''' ,'''As far as MMA, I want to say there's maybe five guys that do jiu-jitsu that have an actual level of understanding when it comes to boxing.''' ,'''I've learned from my mistakes in the past, why I thought I've lost fights before.''' ,'''My mom and dad taught me nothing but ABCs.''' ,'''I do what I've got to do to survive, to keep my teeth in my head, and my head on my shoulders. I apologize to whoever can't put that together and understand that.''' ,'''I think it's rude of the UFC to try and lowball me and expect me to negotiate a deal while I'm training for a fight.''' ,'''I will always tell the truth.''' ,'''I'd like to be thought of as someone who keeps it real.''' ,'''I do get paid well as an MMA fighter, but this isn't boxing and I feel like we should get paid like this is boxing.''' ,'''I'm not fanatical or in love with being an MMA fighter.''' ,'''If you don't find time to meditate and get all that negative out, and if you don't have the right people being positive around you, this is a very scary job to have if you don't learn how to control your fear.''' ,'''I am a fighter. It's what I am.''' ,'''There's no reason for me to come and fight for fun. I don't do that. That's not what I do.''' ,'''Give me some real chocolate. Real fighters eat real chocolate.''' ,'''I love jiu-jitsu, and I love my team.''' ,]
+++