+++
author = "Greil Marcus"
title = "Greil Marcus Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Greil Marcus Quotes"
keywords = "greil marcus,greil marcus quotes,greil marcus quote,greil marcus sayings,greil marcus saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Buddy Holly had something very different from the other great early rock n' roll stars, whether it was Chuck Berry, Elvis Presley, Little Richard, Bo Diddley. He came across as so ordinary, as such a nerd. You know, he was a big guy, and he carried a gun. He was anything but a nerd.''' ,'''Hearing things like 'Wake Up' by Lora Logic, or the Raincoats' 'In Love' - that was something I wasn't prepared for. I couldn't hear anything that came before it in the music, and I didn't want to. I was absolutely in love with its out-of-nowhereness.''' ,'''Elvis transcends his talent to the point of dispensing with it altogether.''' ,'''I want another idea, another project, but you can't make them up. They show up.''' ,'''My ideal reader is somebody who trips over a copy of my book on the sidewalk; then they pick it up and read as they walk. Somebody who comes in knowing nothing, caring nothing, but responds to the story.''' ,'''I don't think my life itself is very interesting.''' ,'''I don't know that there's a division between American and British, European, South American, Asian sensibilities when it comes to rock n' roll or, really, any form of music. Songs travel, and people take them into their lives in all different kinds of unpredictable and really untraceable ways.''' ,'''Patriotism in America, as I understand it, is a matter of suffering, when the country fails to live up to its promises, or actively betrays them.''' ,'''I'm a fan of Oliver Stone. I like his movies, I like his excess, and I think he has a great capacity for empathy and it comes out more powerfully in this movie than in any of his other films, even the formal 'I'm identifying with the underdog' movies like 'Born on the Fourth of July.'''' ,'''When I listen to Joy Division, it doesn't sound particularly English.''' ,'''We make the oldest stories new when we succeed, and we are trapped by the old stories when we fail.''' ,'''There's been a streak of vengeance and carnage in all of Dylan's records except for the Christmas record, since 2001, since 'Love and Theft.' Particularly on 'Modern Times' in 2006.''' ,'''The Sixties are most generously described as a time when people took part - when they stepped out of themselves and acted in public, as people who didn't know what would happen next, but who were sure that acts of true risk and fear would produce something different from what they had been raised to take for granted.''' ,'''Bob Dylan continues to release odd and unsettling records, and to do odd and unsettling things on stage. So the term 'still' seems meaningless to me. But the real answer is simple: I listen to Bob Dylan for pleasure more than I listen to anyone else for pleasure.''' ,'''My father was executive officer, which is second-in-command, on a ship called the Hull, one of three ordered into a typhoon by Admiral Halsey - an insane and sadistic decision.''' ,'''I learned a long time ago that not becoming friendly with the people you write about is a way to maintain your freedom to say whatever you damn well please.''' ,'''I never find myself even catching lyrics until something in the sound has taken me captive. Thinking about anything else is just the pleasurable byproduct of wow.''' ,'''No failure in America, whether of love or money, is ever simple; it is always a kind of betrayal, of a mass of shadowy, shared hopes.''' ,'''Perhaps the most pernicious strain of contemporary criticism says one thing before it says anything else, says it to whatever historical event or cultural happenstance is supposedly at issue: 'You can't fool me.'''' ,'''When I'm struck by things, I want to hear more and find out more. I remember when Lana Del Rey was on 'SNL,' this supposedly disastrous performance. She's doing this pretentious torch song, and I thought, 'I don't know what she's doing, but it's really moving me.'''' ,'''I learned that when something just has to be said to move the discussion along, or broaden it or deepen it, if I can just keep my mouth shut for five minutes a student will say it. So for me a lot of teaching is about keeping my mouth shut.''' ,'''After Chuck Berry died, it seemed web sites popped up like mushrooms to show where he'd taken the guitar introduction to 'Johnny B. Goode' from to prove that his music was nothing new, that it was only ignorance, or vanity, that led his listeners to think that not only was the music different - they might be, too.''' ,'''Elvis' early music has drama because as he sang he was escaping limits.''' ,'''It may be that the most interesting American struggle is the struggle to set oneself free from the limits one is born to, and then to learn something of the value of those limits.''' ,'''Farber had a huge effect on me as a writer. I don't mean I write like him. Farber is, first of all, a great stylist, a great writer. Anyone can read Manny Farber's film criticism, whether that person is a novelist, a poet, another critic, a historian, and learn a lot about writing by reading him.''' ,''''Money Changes Everything' is this terribly despairing, heartbreaking song.''' ,'''I had tremendous fun fooling around with the way people talked about songs, just the way that became another way of understanding the world.''' ,'''There's never been a Van Morrison album that I haven't immediately listened to, whether with delight or crushing disappointment.''' ,'''An obsession with untold stories is a source of energy.''' ,'''People write memoirs - this is my take, anyway - out of a great sense of self-importance.''' ,'''There is no pop category, let alone any infinitely gene-sliced genre name, to contain the lead in Rihanna's voice in 'Needed Me.'''' ,'''When you're writing criticism or thinking critically, to draw a very limited minor conclusion from solid evidence is really not thinking.''' ,'''I tend not to meet the people I write about because I'm not really interested in the people I write about as people. I don't want to know about their family life. I don't want to know about their bad habits or their good deeds. I'm interested in their work.''' ,'''You're going to react to a painting in a way that the painting demands you react.''' ,'''It's very lucky when you have an artist - whether it's a novelist or a filmmaker or a singer - whose career you can follow from the beginning and feel that you are in some way part of it, or part of the same world that it comes out of.''' ,'''If 'Mystery Train' is my Nixon book and 'Lipstick Traces' my Reagan book, 'Invisible Republic' is my Bill Clinton book. I really liked Clinton. He made me proud to be part of this country again. For all of his failings, the way he put all that he'd done in jeopardy, I supported him from beginning to end.''' ,'''When you celebrate somebody's bad work on the terms that define their good work, how can that artist have anything but contempt for an audience that can't tell the good from the bad?''' ,'''I've always known why I do what I do. I didn't need to be psychoanalysed to find that out.''' ,'''Sometimes you can listen to a song all your life without hearing it.''' ,'''I think criticism, or a critical engagement with history, has a good deal to do with a willingness to be fooled.''' ,'''I was an American Studies student at Berkeley as an undergraduate, and pretty much as a graduate student, too.''' ,'''It is a sure sign that a culture has reached a dead end when it is no longer intrigued by its myths.''' ,]
+++