+++
author = "Elizabeth Wilson"
title = "Elizabeth Wilson Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Elizabeth Wilson Quotes"
keywords = "elizabeth wilson,elizabeth wilson quotes,elizabeth wilson quote,elizabeth wilson sayings,elizabeth wilson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had no desire to be a star and a star's responsibility.''' ,'''In the 1940s, I was doing something called the Equity Library Theater in New York, when a movie company came to see the play I was in and offered me a contract. But the deal was, my nose was too big and they wanted me to have surgery. My jaw was crooked, and I'd have to have that fixed, too. And they didn't like my name; it was too common.''' ,'''I didn't want to give up my career. That's what kept me alive, kept me going. I couldn't stop - didn't want to stop - being all these different characters.''' ,'''I had no desire to be a star. I wanted to be a character actress and be able to do all kinds of parts and work on a lot of things. That was my unconscious choice. I wanted to be an undercover actress.''' ,'''It's one thing to be talented, but the other thing is connections - with agents, with people; that's what makes a difference, and from the beginning, I've had wonderful representation.''' ,'''When I was about 8, I used to go into one of the rooms in the mansion, and I would open a magazine like the 'Ladies Home Journal,' and I would see these characters on the pages and then become them, talking back and forth.''' ,'''I always felt the play came first. If it didn't touch me, I'd say forget the part.''' ,]
+++