+++
author = "Aaron Tveit"
title = "Aaron Tveit Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Aaron Tveit Quotes"
keywords = "aaron tveit,aaron tveit quotes,aaron tveit quote,aaron tveit sayings,aaron tveit saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Being onstage is just a feeling that you cannot duplicate anywhere else because the energy that the audience is giving you forces you to give more energy. It's such an output and exchange of energy. You can't do that anywhere else.''' ,'''I would like to, especially in film, play against type and do some heavier stuff. I'm intrigued by projects that deal with problematic people and things.''' ,'''I was a very awkward high schooler, especially in early high school.''' ,'''I had an acting teacher tell me once that if you're playing a car salesman, you don't want to be an OK car salesman, you want to play the best car salesman.''' ,'''People saw me as just a singer - yeah, a pretty face who could sing - and not more than that.''' ,'''I listen to all kinds of music, but I've always been a really big fan of Top 40 radio. If I'm in my car, that's what I listen to.''' ,''''Rent' was my first professional job, ever.''' ,'''It used to be that you kind of got pigeonholed into one thing - you're either a stage actor or a TV actor or a movie actor. Today, there's a lot of crossover with film actors doing television, which never happened before, so those lines are a little bit more blurred than they used to be.''' ,'''It's every actor's dream to work in a hit show on Broadway and also shoot a television show.''' ,'''After 9/11, the amount of applicants the FBI received increased exponentially. Whereas you used to require a college degree, and it was a small group of people who were just out of college, after 9/11, it changed.''' ,'''Singing for stage, if you don't hear yourself, that's when you push, and that's when you can hurt your voice sometimes. So if I can hear myself in my ear, it really helps me to find that balance of how loud I needed to be singing.''' ,'''Typecasting is an interesting thing because, in a way, if you're good at something, you're going to work at that thing. In other ways, you constantly have to change people's opinion of you as one thing, especially if you want to play different roles. You have to shatter that image sometimes.''' ,'''I didn't grow up a theatre kid, going to theatre camps. I played sports, and that was my main direction. But luckily, I never had to choose between sports and theatre.''' ,'''I can clap with one hand.''' ,'''I like auditioning! A lot of people hate it, but I like it.''' ,'''Awards are not something that I measure my work by. I've been so fortunate and I've gotten to do such terrific things that it seems petty to look back and say, 'Oh, I should have gotten that prize.' I don't look at it that way.''' ,'''Once I came to acting, it was almost a thing where there weren't enough hours in the day to work on stuff because I was so passionate about it.''' ,'''I just feel like I have a lot to prove.''' ,'''I was very unsure about what I wanted to do in high school.''' ,'''I watched so many movies when I was a kid, and I'd watch them over and over.''' ,'''I grew up about 60 miles northwest of New York, in Middletown, NY.''' ,'''Coming from a background of being onstage, you're onstage for two and a half hours and you're in it for the whole time no matter what you're doing. Even if you don't have a line, you have to stay in it.''' ,'''I still sing every day - in the shower or on the set all day. I'm sure everyone will tell you that I never shut up. But it's not in the capacity that I would like to.''' ,'''I watch a lot of television. I always have.''' ,'''Cats and I have an understanding, but we choose not to interact often.''' ,]
+++