+++
author = "Lil Tjay"
title = "Lil Tjay Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Lil Tjay Quotes"
keywords = "lil tjay,lil tjay quotes,lil tjay quote,lil tjay sayings,lil tjay saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A lot of time I like to sing music that people can relate to, but not necessarily put them in a depressed mood.''' ,'''I'm a casual sneaker person, I like to be calm drippy.''' ,'''I feel like all my songs slept-on. I'm not complainin', but I just wanna drop more heat.''' ,'''My dream job growing up was always to be an artist. It wasn't even that I would be a rapper or singer; I just knew I would be a public figure.''' ,'''I really believe that I'm gonna blow up. It's how I feel.''' ,'''Basketball sneakers are for people who want to be comfortable. I rather be uncomfortable and just look nice.''' ,'''I got a lot of experience for my age. Some artists might take a line or two from a bunch of songs and snip it together and make something, but everything I say I do.''' ,'''I feel like a lot of times when stuff is on my mind, I really don't show it. I know how to hide my emotions.''' ,'''I'm a good-hearted person and my biggest goal is to be successful. That's really the biggest part about me.''' ,'''Once I realized music was working, I was getting money off of shows and I figured that I could find success through music.''' ,'''I feel like being true to yourself is always going to keep you humble; it's always going to make you remember who you are.''' ,'''Honestly, my goal is just to let people hear my story and just like, feed everybody that could relate to my story in any way.''' ,'''Even when I'm older, I might be in a different head space, but I want to be able to go back to 'True 2 Myself' and remember this season. It's really for me.''' ,'''I'm going to be the next king of the Earth.''' ,'''I feel like if I wasn't to go to jail, I probably wouldn't be the person I am - I wouldn't.''' ,'''I think that acting could be a talent.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to make music since I was young.''' ,'''I started seeing how I wanted my story to be told. Going to jail is one of the best things that happened to me. It helped me get my mind right.''' ,'''I want every song on it to be a hit.''' ,'''I want to follow my dreams. I want to make sure that I put myself first and accomplish what I need to accomplish.''' ,'''Inspiration is basically just saying how I accomplished my goals or how I am accomplishing my goals.''' ,'''I don't feel comfortable without certain things. I always want some money in my pocket to do whatever I want. Even if it's something like I want to eat food that costs more than what I got.''' ,'''When I make my music, I try and speak to me. I try to go back and hear it, so my music gets me through the times, you know what I'm saying?''' ,]
+++