+++
author = "Saeed Jaffrey"
title = "Saeed Jaffrey Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Saeed Jaffrey Quotes"
keywords = "saeed jaffrey,saeed jaffrey quotes,saeed jaffrey quote,saeed jaffrey sayings,saeed jaffrey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You see, Hinduism is not confined to the strictness of the desert, but belongs to the universe. Judaism, Christianity and Islam become limited by desert boundaries, but Hinduism is much freer - there are no set rules.''' ,'''I never view my ladies as conquests.''' ,'''I tell my stories the way I tell them in real life, the way I talk or describe things.''' ,'''An actor's got a serious duty to perform. God's given him the gift to interpret his creatures. He has to do that honestly and conscientiously.''' ,'''The years up to the age of 40 are Capricorn's apprenticeship years, when you get to know love. Life. Letters. The world. After that comes achievement and recognition.''' ,'''Many scores of ladies have come into my life and gone away happy.''' ,'''Though I was born a Muslim, my father's job as a medical officer meant that we travelled a great deal and I went to Hindi schools, Muslim schools, public schools, C of E and Catholic schools.''' ,'''I was exposed to a Muslim school, so I learnt Urdu. I was exposed to a Hindu school, so I learnt Hindi. I was exposed to a Church of England school, so I got my Senior Cambridge certificate.''' ,'''I find that the more you achieve, the more modest you become.''' ,'''It is essential to forgive. Otherwise it stunts the growth.''' ,'''Whenever I walk down Oxford Street I see thousands of ties and there is always one that winks at me and says 'get me out of here,' so I buy it.''' ,'''I'm a Capricorn.''' ,'''You don't have any credibility unless you are working on 12 films at the same time.''' ,]
+++