+++
author = "Huma Qureshi"
title = "Huma Qureshi Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Huma Qureshi Quotes"
keywords = "huma qureshi,huma qureshi quotes,huma qureshi quote,huma qureshi sayings,huma qureshi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''No one likes it when their personal life is talked about, and I am no exception. But I guess it's the price an actor has to pay for being in the public eye.''' ,'''I grew as an actress, and I feel I gained a lot, whenever I have worked with any great director in the past.''' ,'''My father runs a restaurant business in Delhi, so if I had chosen to sell kebabs, it would be far easier for me than for anybody else.''' ,'''I just know that if your work is good, good work follow.''' ,'''I make it a point to pick films that tell you a story in an engaging way. I can't compromise on the content. The script has to be substantial and impactful.''' ,'''The very fact that I got to work with Akshay Kumar was special.''' ,'''You must be happy in every moment - it might touch other people's hearts and make them smile.''' ,'''I am not in a hurry to be number one. I don't want to be in the rat race in that sense.''' ,'''In India and elsewhere in the world, the moment a woman speaks out against harassment, people sort of start making all sorts of character judgments about her, about her morality, about what she was wearing, and all such things, and I think that is not fair.''' ,'''I am an insecure person. I have my own insecurities about lots of things, but I am pretty secure as an actor.''' ,'''Madhuri is the quintessential heroine of all time.''' ,'''Anybody who says that favoritism doesn't exist in Bollywood would be lying.''' ,'''My idea of being fit is feeling good about leading a healthy and disciplined lifestyle.''' ,'''Cinema and cricket are two professions in this country that people have an opinion on.''' ,'''Whether it was 'Gangs Of Wasseypur' or whether it's 'LSTCK,' the characters are real, and when you see them on screen, you can identify with them.''' ,'''Fashion bloggers will do their work; it's their job. So let them do it. I am not doing something to make them happy or to get friendly with them so that they write good stuff about me.''' ,'''I started getting a lot of work once I came to Mumbai. I was working with some of the biggest ad filmmakers. But I had to give auditions.''' ,'''Maybe at 55, I would like to direct. I will go the Angelina Jolie way.''' ,'''One thing we need to learn from the West is how professional they are about their work. A 7:30 A.M. call time means just that. That's something we need to imbibe from them. And people in the West need to learn from us how we work with our stories.''' ,'''I love dressing up for the red carpet.''' ,'''Work needs to be exciting enough to take someone as lazy as me out of my home.''' ,'''When I am doing a role, I don't think that I am getting to wear a mini skirt or show my stomach. I am doing a role because I am an actor.''' ,'''Oh yes, my best birthday gift was when my dad gifted me my first car in college. It was a Maruti Swift. I thought that was the coolest thing ever. It was so much fun, as I could completely show it off to my friends that I have my own car now and not my dad's car.''' ,'''It is a challenge to work away from India and with a cast and crew from all over the world. But it's also very gratifying, and you learn so much by just being with them.''' ,'''Everybody has to go through a struggle period, and I was no different. When I came to Mumbai from Delhi, I didn't know anybody, and all my relationships had to be built up from scratch, including my work relationships.''' ,'''As an actor, I don't have an agenda. I don't have to prove a point; I am not a bastion of a particular brand of cinema. I am doing what makes me happy.''' ,'''I love experimenting with different kinds of workouts. It all depends on my mood and energy levels. Some days, it is a gruesome circuit; other days, it is weight training or Pilates.''' ,'''I would love to do a biopic or a situational comedy.''' ,'''A lot of people have ridiculous misconceptions about diet and workout routines. It is not about exotic greens and workouts from the western world. It is about what works for you the best.''' ,'''My parents gave me a strong sense of entitlement. And I use that in a very good way.''' ,'''If I'm playing an Indian in a Hollywood film, I won't do it in any funny Indian accent.''' ,'''The world is fixated on defining and redefining what is feminine. That is for every individual to decide for herself.''' ,'''I am blessed to have got a chance to work with directors like Anurag Kashyap, Vishal Bhardwaj, and Nikhil Advani at such an early age.''' ,'''Whether my film becomes commercially successful or not, only God can tell, or the box-office numbers. So why worry about it and get distracted?''' ,'''Beauty has no set standard. It is honestly in diversity.''' ,'''As a member of the audience, when you see someone from your country working in an international project, your curiosity about that film increases manifold.''' ,'''As an artist, I am very proud of 'Ek Thi Daayan.' It was a supernatural flick and a huge risk, since not many films are made like that.''' ,'''If a woman comes out saying she has been abused or assaulted, we should not start finding flaws in her character or try to dig up her past for murky details.''' ,'''The girls have to be equal to boys.''' ,'''I would rather talk about films that I did than the films that I didn't do.''' ,'''I just love watching 'Andaz Apna Apna.' Every single time, I end up laughing so much that my jaws start hurting.''' ,'''I'm still in awe of Madhuri. I've grown up watching her movies, and to see her in a film like 'Dedh Ishqiya,' which is quite unlike her previous work, was wonderful.''' ,'''I want my fan base to increase.''' ,'''I have had to give auditions for every film I had done until 'Dedh Ishqiya.'''' ,'''For me, it's about the impact that the role has in the film overall. Less or more screen time, whether I get to romance the hero, is not the yardstick I go by. If my part is strong enough, then why not?''' ,'''If a woman is saying something out loud, she is asking for help, and you have no business to character assassinating her. You have to reach out to her and help her and protect her, and I think we need to protect our women, and we need to protect our children.''' ,'''If you think that one should do a commercial picture because everyone is doing it and that one will become a big star after that, I think that if you don't have that grain in you, it will not happen.''' ,'''I have always been cool and open about my body.''' ,'''Working with directors like Gurinder Chadha was a learning experience for me.''' ,'''I am bored of the 'Gangs of Wasseypur' image.''' ,'''I have always said that Twitter is my forum to talk to people about what's happening in my life.''' ,'''In school, I was always a fat girl. No matter how thin you are, but girls always have this thing in mind that I am a little fat.''' ,'''I agree that I am different from others. I am not trying to fit in someone else's shoes. I am being honest to myself.''' ,'''I wouldn't say that I haven't got my fair share of good roles. This industry has been very kind to me.''' ,'''I know that when you do similar kind of films, one after the other, people tend to stereotype and say, 'She is only good at this.'''' ,'''I have been told too much - to talk less, to keep my opinions to myself, to not sound intelligent - all this was told to me so that I could fit in. But I never thought I fit in anyway. So if you don't fit in, at least stand out.''' ,'''I don't think one should be a slave to one medium.''' ,'''After 'Gangs,' people thought that I couldn't speak a sentence in English or that I don't wear jeans or, you know, I am a city girl.''' ,'''There are a lot of people out there who will try to take advantage of you or are predators in a certain way. Women must stand up and speak out about it. Also, anybody who says that they have been wronged should be supported in every possible manner.''' ,'''Honestly, I got a lot of offers which were similar to 'Badlapur,' and I didn't want that. Unfortunately, we live in a world which is so myopic that they only want to offer you what you have already done.''' ,'''As an actor, I would love to do an out and out comedy.''' ,'''What I miss most about Lucknow is its chaat.''' ,'''Going the bold way somehow has a very negative connotation in Bollywood.''' ,'''A lot of issues that we have in the world today rise from the fact that we do not know enough about each other's cultures, that we don't respect each other's origins and there is so much negativity and strife around because we don't know where the other person is coming from.''' ,'''I just cannot do a boring film. It has to be interesting with a good character.''' ,'''The film is intended to unite people and not create division in the society. 'Partition' talks about peace and humanity.''' ,'''All this is expected from girls only - wear makeup and look beautiful. My guy friends don't always have to do their hair and makeup.''' ,'''Not all are starting from the same line; however, the finishing line is certainly the same. We all have to show how much money our films make or how many awards we win or what critical acclaim and commercial success our films have.''' ,'''It's not at all easy to make people laugh. Kudos to those who can do it so well.''' ,'''Co-directing is not possible with my brother. We have very different opinions.''' ,'''I'm very happy with how I look. I never had any problem in getting work or male attention.''' ,'''I'm only focusing on good work. I'm known to be a little choosy, and I'm proud of it.''' ,'''I'd love to do a potboiler.''' ,'''There are a lot of people out there who are just bullies. They constantly keep telling you that you are too fat, too thin, your teeth are not fine, you can't speak English really well, and you are too short, etc.''' ,'''I don't have any ego, and I will go and audition for parts if I'm offered an interesting script.''' ,'''I think you don't have to be size zero to prove yourself... to connect with the audience.''' ,'''In 'Badlapur,' my character's name is Jhumli. It's a special film for me because I got a chance to work with my favourite director, Sriram Raghavan. I'm a huge fan of him.''' ,'''I am an actor, and not a clothes hanger. I am more than just my clothes.''' ,'''The audience is loving me the way I am, and that's most important.''' ,'''Collaboration between different parts of the world will bring us closer. From a business point of view, it opens up new markets as well.''' ,'''I've been a huge fan of Kate Winslet, and have watched all her films. She is such a solid actor and I look up to her.''' ,'''I am a product of '90s movies. I grew up watching '90s films and wanted to become an actor because that was the phase of cinema I enjoyed.''' ,'''I believe in equal pay for equal work. Gender, race, skin colour, or ethnicity should not be the parameters to hire someone or to decide how much they should be paid.''' ,'''I want to be inspired when I'm working, and for that, I can go wherever it takes me.''' ,'''For me, growth and empowerment are about giving a woman a choice.''' ,'''One would be lying if they say nepotism doesn't exist.''' ,'''As a middle class girl from Delhi, with practically no backing in films, this industry and the audience have given me a lot of love.''' ,''''Gangs Of Wasseypur' had two parts and 200 actors. I didn't think it would be that successful and go to international festivals. These things just happen. You should just do films that you like doing.''' ,'''I don't want to be the glam doll; that doesn't appeal to me at all.''' ,'''I believe in content. Just looking pretty next to the hero gives me no joy. I believe I have more to offer than that.''' ,'''I'm here in this industry to work. I respect the work of others equally. There's no sense of insecurity, but definitely, when you see others doing well, you also want to give your best in whatever opportunities you have.''' ,'''I can't compete with really big stars. I'm not a big star; I'm just an actor who came from Delhi to pursue her passion.''' ,'''It always seems like coming to my second home whenever I come to Lucknow.''' ,'''Indian actors are afraid to go and work abroad because people are very professional over there. In India, we have become very lazy. Everything happens slowly, and as per God's will. A 9 A.M. call time means we start working at whatever time we wish.''' ,'''I just read the script; everything else just follows. Content is the most important thing for me.''' ,'''My conscious decision has always been to do work that's meaningful and play characters that give something to the film.''' ,'''I would like to say this for the record: that I am not trying to lose weight or gain weight. I am just trying to be the best version of myself, and that's really important.''' ,'''Every girl brought up in the '90s would idolise Madhuri and would want to work with her. I'm just happy that I've been able to achieve that.''' ,'''I remember, during an ad shoot, Anurag said to me that you are doing my film, and I was wondering do we really get films so easily. I thought you have to struggle and all. But he kept his word and offered me 'Gangs Of Wasseypur.'''' ,'''As a woman, absolutely, I have had to deal with people making advances at me, but not just people from the business of film industry but people across different professions and different strata. I think it has a lot to do with power; it is not only limited to the film business.''' ,]
+++