+++
author = "Leslie Bibb"
title = "Leslie Bibb Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Leslie Bibb Quotes"
keywords = "leslie bibb,leslie bibb quotes,leslie bibb quote,leslie bibb sayings,leslie bibb saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My dad died when I was three so my mom had to raise four kids on her own, and I think there's a part of me that pulls upon having watched my mom do that our whole lives. She had to make it work.''' ,'''I'm not a 'Steel Magnolias' kind of girl. I'm kind of like a guy. My favorite movie is 'Caddyshack.'''' ,'''Listen, if you said to me, 'Adam Shankman is going to direct you in a musical and you have six months to learn how to tap,' I'd practice till I was blue in the face. I would do it because I'm so headstrong and think I can do anything. But just to show up and sing a little ditty, no.''' ,'''I do have body-image issues, just like everyone else. I mean, I wish I had bigger boobs. And I hate my butt. I want an onion butt - you know, a butt that'll bring tears to your eyes?''' ,'''I like day dates. On night dates, you just go somewhere and start drinking. But if you really want to see if a girl is worth your time, go to a museum or for coffee.''' ,'''I've had some styles that make me wonder what the hell I was thinking. How did I let someone do that to me?''' ,'''There is something that feels stagnant about having things you don't use or wear. But shoes are my thing. Shoes and scarves, I'm a big fan of the scarf.''' ,'''I felt like the big geek in high school. And I still feel like a big geek.''' ,'''I feel like if you're a girl in the South, you know 'Gone with the Wind' better than anything. Scarlett O'Hara is such a quintessential Southern woman.''' ,'''I never think, Oh, I'm so beautiful. To me, feeling happy is more important.''' ,'''I hate being a blonde.''' ,'''People get DUIs, people get in fights with their boyfriends, it happens, life happens, but it's about being accountable for your actions. I don't know. I'm just not that girl, I don't go to clubs. I'm a pretty normal girl.''' ,'''Women have that weird way of trying to be feminist. You know, like 'hear me roar.' But what they really want is a man to open the door for them.''' ,'''My friends tease me because I don't like clutter. I'm not someone who gets attached to things.''' ,]
+++