+++
author = "Erin Gruwell"
title = "Erin Gruwell Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Erin Gruwell Quotes"
keywords = "erin gruwell,erin gruwell quotes,erin gruwell quote,erin gruwell sayings,erin gruwell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Writing is powerful. Whether it's a little girl hiding from the Nazis in an attic, or Amnesty International writing letters on behalf of political prisoners, the power of telling stories is usually what causes change.''' ,'''I realized if you can change a classroom, you can change a community, and if you change enough communities you can change the world.''' ,'''Schools are not equal. There are still the haves and the have-nots.''' ,'''Some teachers feel that if they ask for emotional help, they're a failure. But teaching is a team sport.''' ,'''I am a teacher born and bred, and I believe in the advocacy of teachers. It's a calling. We want our students to feel impassioned and empowered.''' ,'''I believe that all students, when asked to be accountable for their actions and to be socially aware citizens, will become agents for change!''' ,'''I was going to show my kids that no matter what happened with their parents, parole officers and other teachers, I wouldn't give up on them. I let them know it matters to me that you come to class, it matters to me that you try, it matters to me when you succeed.''' ,'''I believe that education is the greatest equalizer; thus, I will continue to fight to equalize the playing field in an educational atmosphere that is not always level!''' ,'''I have learned that, although I am a good teacher, I am a much better student, and I was blessed to learn valuable lessons from my students on a daily basis. They taught me the importance of teaching to a student - and not to a test.''' ,'''Paying to teach in the trenches was like putting my face through a cutout hole at a carnival while a quarterback threw pies at me. At least with a carnival, I'd see it coming.''' ,'''Writing really evokes empathy in a way very few things can do.''' ,'''I grew up in a very progressive family and with a great educational system, and I asked myself, 'Why doesn't everybody have these opportunities for a good education? So why not give back to these kids who didn't grow up with the same privileges I had?'''' ,'''Hoping they'd been inspired by the examples of Anne Frank and other teens who had turned negative experiences into something positive by writing about them, I handed out notebooks for my students to journal about their lives. There was some initial resistance. But then the stories poured out of them, full of anger and sadness.''' ,'''Education is such a noble profession, it's a wonderful way to serve.''' ,'''I believe that everyone has a story, and it is important that we encourage all students to tell theirs.''' ,'''That's the beauty of education, kids taking lessons out of the classroom and back into their own world where they can positively affect their family, their friends, and their greater community.''' ,'''The stories my pupils told me were astonishing. One told how he had witnessed his cousin being shot in the back five times; another how his parents had died of AIDS. Another said that he'd probably been to more funerals than parties in his young life. For me - someone who had had an idyllic, happy childhood - this was staggering.''' ,'''I think a lot of teachers feel like they're teaching to a test. Our response is you teach to a student, you really teach to the kid.''' ,'''When you're too robotic and scripted, the students tune you out. So I always tried to use different learning modalities - kinesthetic, auditory, visual, whatever might bring learning to life.''' ,]
+++