+++
author = "Shanola Hampton"
title = "Shanola Hampton Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Shanola Hampton Quotes"
keywords = "shanola hampton,shanola hampton quotes,shanola hampton quote,shanola hampton sayings,shanola hampton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The amount of time it took me to get a show like 'Shameless' was definitely worth it because of the people and the material. I can appreciate it because I know what it's like when I didn't have a show.''' ,'''I worked at Goose Island Brewery, and I opened the one that was right by Wrigley Field, so I got to see all of the Cubs come through - it was insane on game days.''' ,'''I would like one day to play an FBI cop, just so I can hold the gun and shoot.''' ,'''There's something so grabbing about people who will do anything for one another.''' ,'''With 'Shameless,' 'Homeland' and 'American Horror Story,' these are all shows that don't follow a particular mold, and they are out-there. The acting is spectacular.''' ,'''As an actor, you don't want to ever get too comfortable where you're like, 'I know this character,' and you don't do the work anymore.''' ,'''I'm such a workaholic.''' ,'''Watching kids go from the age of 9 and 10 to 13 is a big, huge jump. The way they speak, their looks, their attitudes, everything changes as you go from being a little kid to a teenager.''' ,'''Your body can't switch off tired. People fall asleep behind the wheel all the time.''' ,'''You get so used to a world that you complain, but never actually want anything different. Why crave the unfamiliar?''' ,'''I'm a TV addict.''' ,'''I've been on the locs journey for over 15 years. I must say I've enjoyed my hair short, but really love it long because I can experiment with so many different styles.''' ,'''Singing and acting on a show is like theater; it doesn't get any better.''' ,'''Steve Howey is probably the funniest man in Hollywood. For real. He is just that person that can make you laugh at all times.''' ,'''Bill Macy is the most incredible, humble, and hungry human being, and that is the captain of our ship. He is phenomenal. We still laugh together, and we still talk and text and check on each other.''' ,'''I love comedy, but I actually do prefer drama because I am already animated as a human being.''' ,'''My husband is my buddy; he's my lover. We share lots of things.''' ,'''I watch every 'Real Housewives' franchise there is.''' ,'''I love Italian food; you can't go wrong with Rosebud, and of course, I like Lou Malnati's pizza.''' ,'''Chicago is my absolute favorite city. It's clean, the food is amazing, and everyone is so warm and welcoming. We've gotten really, really used to it and really excited about our second home in Chicago.''' ,'''My husband and I love to travel. For me, a dream vacation in Brazil begins first and foremost with a rad hotel. Then, number two is eating - eating delicious food nonstop, almost around the clock. And then a mix of relaxation and beaches, and doing adventures.''' ,'''In the South, everyone speaks, if you know each other or not. I'm raising my daughter more Southern, like how her father and I were raised.''' ,'''I swam in the Great Barrier Reef when I was five months pregnant. I went on the bullet train in Japan, which was so much fun, and getting to see Mount Fuji. I did Mykonos and its black volcanic beach. Most of the fun times I've had have something to do with a vacation. I love traveling.''' ,'''I love 'Shameless' as a fan. But I love lots of television. And as an ensemble, I have never seen a group of people put on screen what 'Shameless' - the 'Shameless' cast as an ensemble and as individuals - in decades.''' ,'''Growing up in the South, we say 'Yes Ma'am' and 'No Ma'am.' Here in Hollywood, people get offended.''' ,'''I would say to anyone choosing to embark on something new with their hair, just do it - it's just hair! Have fun, and sometimes it works, sometimes it won't.''' ,'''I think what 'Shameless' does well is highlight real relationships. And in any real relationship, there are ups and downs and elements that change the dynamics of the relationship.''' ,'''I do like adrenaline. Zip-lining is my favorite.''' ,'''For breakfast I have grits, because I'm a Southern girl!''' ,'''I would love to visit Brazil. It's one place I have not been. One of my dreams is to dance with the Carnival girls. I would love to experience a whole night of partying with them.''' ,'''Eggs give me protein after a good work out. The cheesier, the better!''' ,'''Teaching is so rewarding because when you see the look on student's faces when they get it, when you're able to excite them about what you're excited about; it's so rewarding, and it's so much fun.''' ,'''Americans are so stiff when it comes to nudity. For me, I've always walked around the house naked. My husband, in real life, is like, 'Babe, could you just put some clothes on! Keep the mystery alive!'''' ,'''There is no justification for having an affair.''' ,'''When you're on a show that is so free with the body and nudity, you get a guest director every episode, and you want to make sure that they're not trying to one-up each other. It will take away the integrity of our show and the character if you're just gratuitously showing boobs.''' ,'''You have to diet before you even go to shoot in Chicago because we just eat the entire time.''' ,'''I want to be a superhero. Maybe I'll be a bartending superhero who shakes martinis to save the world.''' ,]
+++