+++
author = "Will Chase"
title = "Will Chase Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Will Chase Quotes"
keywords = "will chase,will chase quotes,will chase quote,will chase sayings,will chase saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I play enough guitar to get by. I don't like to play guitar live.''' ,'''Flops are always disappointing, but 'High Fidelity' was devastating. Not that I thought it was going to make me a big star, but I did think it was going to run longer than a week and a half.''' ,'''Being exposed to the diversity of music I was as a kid made me the actor I am today. As an actor, you have to adapt and do so many different things.''' ,'''I would say that I don't look for musical things.''' ,''''Story of My Life' was essentially a two-man musical play. In hindsight, I don't know if there was room for a two-man musical on Broadway.''' ,'''In acting, you have to know that you are worth something. I knew I had some talent somewhere.''' ,''''Miss Saigon' taught me what it means to help carry a big show, and it had some of the most gorgeous songs wrote.''' ,'''I loved being on stage with heroes of mine, like Gregg Edelman and Jimmy Walton, and the lovely Chita Rivera and Stephanie J. Block.''' ,'''I don't read reviews until after I'm done with a production, but when I do finally get to them, I'm always sort of floored by what the bad ones say.''' ,'''I played more performances of 'Chris' in 'Miss Saigon' than anyone else.''' ,'''Over the years, I've had to learn to play. For example, when 'Lennon' was on Broadway, I learned my way around the guitar chords because originally we were all going to play the instruments without a band.''' ,'''The thing I like about 'Nashville,' it just happens to be about musicians, and all the music is practical, meaning it's performed at a concert or during a rehearsal.''' ,'''I would love to do a political drama. I'm a 'West Wing' fanatic.''' ,'''Look at Greg Jbara! I've watched him work for years, always switching. He's literally a different human being when he's onstage in 'Billy Elliot.' That's the fun of what we do.''' ,'''It might be odd for people to hear this, but honestly, you know, when you're on stage, I don't think people realize how grueling eight shows a week is. And as far as jobs go, being a Broadway actor, it's hard. It's fun, but it's hard.''' ,]
+++