+++
author = "Satish Kaushik"
title = "Satish Kaushik Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Satish Kaushik Quotes"
keywords = "satish kaushik,satish kaushik quotes,satish kaushik quote,satish kaushik sayings,satish kaushik saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It makes me so happy to see that there's still so much innocence left in villages.''' ,'''Films like 'Road, Movie' and 'Brick Lane' add a lot to your resume.''' ,'''Randeep Hooda is a fantastic actor. His presence on screen is mind blowing.''' ,'''I'm capable of extracting performances from my actors.''' ,'''Haryanavi is an easy to understand language. People enjoy speaking, listening it and to relate to it.''' ,'''In everybody's career there comes a moment when there is slowdown but one has to have that conviction and belief in themselves.''' ,'''Just like you have a fashion council in Delhi to organise fashion shows, promote Indian fashion, etc, there must be such a body for films as well, especially because Delhi is now becoming the hub for movie shoots.''' ,'''Karzzz is my way' of paying homage to the mesmerising cinema of '80s, to Subhash Ghai's revered cult film 'Karz.'''' ,'''While losing weight I followed a protein diet in which you take 500 calories a day and don't eat after 9 P. M.''' ,'''I wanted to reinvent myself as a director.''' ,'''As an actor I like to play everything from villain to comedian.''' ,'''I decided on 'Kaagaz' as the title because everything, from birth to death, divorce, to agreement, is done on papers. Without valid papers, a person cannot even prove his identity.''' ,'''I have a nice script for Salman Khan which is much bigger than 'Tere Naam.' I have bought the rights of Tamil film 'Pithamagan,' which featured national award winning actor Vikram who had also done Tamil version of 'Tere Naam.'''' ,'''I had seen 'Onaatah' when I was a part of the National Film Awards jury in 2016. I was very impressed with the film because it was a small but a very inspiring film. Since it touched my heart, I thought of remaking it.''' ,'''The general impression about fat people is that they are romantic, funny and good dancers.''' ,'''Bombay was an expensive place and I didn't want to spend my nights without food in my stomach. For 400 a month, I would make bills from morning till evening and then would head to Prithvi Theatre.''' ,'''These days scripts aren't that repetitive and so the roles are getting more and more challenging.''' ,'''I used to be a very timid person, unable to express what I was feeling.''' ,'''I saw Sridevi in 'Himmatwala' and I was stunned by her screen presence.''' ,'''We have new generation coming in and they are so talented and you need to match up with them. The key lies in reinventing yourself.''' ,'''With 'CCSKNH,' we are planning to carry forward the rich legacy of the state. Though there haven't been many Haryanvi films, the state has tremendous potential.''' ,'''Biopics no longer have to be about national leaders and well known achievers. Look at 'Sarbjit.' It is about an ordinary Punjabi woman's extraordinary courage to prove her brother's innocence.''' ,'''Entertainment is my forte.''' ,'''Unlike 'The Nutty Professor,' the hero of my film is romantic. 'Badhaai Ho Badhaai' is a family film, while 'The Nutty Professor' had a lot of double-meaning dialogues.''' ,'''My father was a salesman in Delhi and used to go around Rajasthan, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh for work.''' ,'''When we were graduating from college, my dramatics professor Frank Thakurdas called me to his house and said, 'Satish, you're capable of doing a lot of things in life, but you should become a professional actor.' I told him that I am not a good-looking guy, how will I become an actor?''' ,'''Badhai Ho Badhai' is about spreading love and happiness - and Kavita Chaudhry speaks of it in a gentle manner.''' ,'''The reason why I said yes to 'Sumit Sambhal Lega' was that this show is an official adaptation of the American series 'Everybody Loves Raymond,' which was a very popular show for nine years.''' ,'''Shows than run for years together make you stagnant.''' ,'''I have done a lot of work in Bollywood over the years as an actor and director. I now want to pursue projects that will give me a global profile.''' ,'''Whenever the protagonist of the film becomes bigger than the hero of the film, the film is bound to become a hit.''' ,'''I am a great fan of Marathi cinema because they have been doing great work.''' ,'''I am a person who loves food.''' ,'''If 'Mr. India 2' happens, Calendar should be there.''' ,'''My hands are full. I am a workaholic. So, I am always looking for work.''' ,'''Somehow, in Bollywood I have always been offered comic roles. However, I am being looked at differently when it comes to movies being made in the West.''' ,'''I was good in comedy so I started getting such roles but as an actor you don't like to do same type of roles.''' ,'''Writing 'Mayanagri' was not an easy task.''' ,'''The motive behind a Delhi Film Council is simple - with so many filmmakers coming to Delhi to shoot their films, casting Delhi's young lads in their movies and even keeping the city as the base of their story, they surely need more collaboration in future. When they'll have such a council in the city, they will be able to work better.''' ,'''Lots of people said that I have been a comic actor for such a long time, but as a director I was very serious.''' ,'''There should be respect and privacy for any dead person.''' ,'''An actor's job is to play any kind of character, no matter how sub-human.''' ,'''My three years of training in theatre changed me completely as a person. It helped me find myself.''' ,'''I am looking for content and story and 'Mr. & Mrs. Murarilal' has both.''' ,'''Remaking 'Karzzz' was like revisiting childhood.''' ,'''Indian films have a set pattern and you get slotted in an image very easily.''' ,'''I have been acting over 3 decades now, so I think after all these years of experience I can get into any character very smoothly.''' ,'''I have always believed that cinema has no language and 'Dead End' has proved it so.''' ,'''Salman has always been a warm person. I have seen him grow as an actor and its always lovely working with him.''' ,'''People think that because I play comic roles, my films will have a comic flavour as well. But I am a student of drama.''' ,'''I feel proud when I wear a turban. It's a different feeling. And that's why when a role of a Punjabi character is offered to me, my first question is whether I will wear a turban.''' ,'''After 'Hamara Dil Aapke Paas Hai,' 'Hum Aapke Dil Mein Rehte Hai' and 'Mujhe Kucch Kehna Hai,' my presence as a director will be felt. These three films have been very successful and 'Badhaai Ho Badhaai' is going to be the climax. My work is finally recognised.''' ,'''In India, multiplex ticket prices are high; therefore people are a bit hesitant. The ticket price for a newcomer's film is the same as a Shah Rukh Khan or a Salman Khan film. Why would people pay, say Rs 400, for a newcomer's film when they can watch a Shah Rukh Khan film at the same price?''' ,'''Compare with a country like China, India has very few cinema screens, as we have real estate problems.''' ,'''When generation changes,, things get outdated but then if you have talent and patience, you bounce back.''' ,'''I have done 16 films with David Dhawan and I have tried to do every character differently, be it Sharafat Ali, Mutthu Swamy or Calender, because of my theatre experience.''' ,'''Brick Lane' is actually a place in London where many Bangladeshis live. It is about one such Bangladeshi immigrant family.''' ,'''I am really grateful to receive an award at Global Film Tourism Conclave 2019.''' ,'''Loveleen Tandon, the casting director of 'Brick Lane,' understood my capacity and suggested my name to director Sarah Gavron. The film has such universal appeal that given a chance I would like to remake it in Hindi.''' ,'''My staple food include Aloo gobhi ki sabji and yellow daal, and on Sundays I usually just have rajma chawal.''' ,'''As it is, I'm happy that the tourism department has sent out word to agencies in Delhi asking them to help filmmakers whenever they want to shoot their film in the capital. At least, they are in favour of the filmmakers.''' ,'''I don't know of anyone as natural born an actor as Sridevi. She was a complete actress.''' ,'''I've never been offered any drama show, but I would love to do it.''' ,'''In the '70s, '80s and '90s, noted actors like Iftekhar used to get mainly police officer roles, Bindu ji would do a negative role, and Nirupama Roy was the on-screen mother. All this had its own charm. There was a fixed casting.''' ,'''I have been working with the Kapoor family for a long time. Films flop and relations deteriorate. That has not happened with me, in spite of giving the Kapoors 'Prem.' I have been lucky with them, whether Surinder, Boney, Anil or Sanjay. I think I should change my surname to Satish Kapoor!''' ,'''I had seen 'Pithamagan' at the big screen in 2003. I was moved by the story and especially the character played by Vikram.''' ,'''Sarah Gavron is a fantastic director.''' ,'''Today audiences are not just watching films for stars but are rather looking at stories.''' ,'''Indian film industry has shot films all over the world and we get a lot of benefits and facilities while shooting our films in foreign locations.''' ,'''I am a product of National School of Drama and I always thought, why can't I get roles which will allow me to use my theatrical experiences.''' ,'''A good film is always a good film and a good story is always a good story.''' ,'''I don't have any favourite's as all the actors that come to the industry are all well trained in acting. But I like Ranbir Kapoor, Arjun Kapoor as they are amazing actor and have a great screen presence, besides Ranveer Singh is one of the actors I like as he has immense energy that makes him stand out in crowed.''' ,'''Coming from Karolbagh, I have been a movie buff all my life.''' ,'''I am proud of the fact that I have co-produced the film 'A Billion Colour Story.'''' ,'''Dead End' will see one of the most successful complex cross country funding and I'm sure it will firm up India's position in the global cinema market.''' ,'''Initially I even had to work in a textile firm for a meagre salary of Rs. 400 a month. Then things changed for me when I became an assistant to Shekhar Kapoor.''' ,'''Bollywood always expected me to indulge in slapstick. I don't mind it, but for how long!''' ,'''I would like to direct a sitcom like 'Sumit Sambhal Lega.' It was interesting. It had a great script also.''' ,'''Mainstream Mumbai movies are my bread and butter, but films like 'Brick Lane' and 'Road, Movie' provide sustenance to my creative soul.''' ,'''We were unfortunate in having lost our only child. Our world had come crashing down. But thanks to the world of medical miracles, we've become parents again at an age when parenthood is considered impossible.''' ,'''I would call her 'madam,' because I was the AD. I continued to do so even after she married my buddy, Boney Kapoor. I could never call her Sri, or Sridevi, even though she would often tell me to do so. She was humble, quiet and extremely dignified.''' ,'''Yes it's true, I am making 'Tere Naam 2' which is a love story.''' ,'''During the song 'Chai Mein Chini' Sridevi had to keep her Chinese make-up on for hours. It was very painful since her eyes had been narrowed and there were pins all over her head, but she kept the make-up on without any complaint.''' ,'''I always felt that we don't have dearth of beautiful locations in our country, but we still don't have proper infrastructure. Because of that, most of the times, we are not able to reach those locations.''' ,'''I would like to use my know how and skills in the film industry to promote Haryanavi culture, language and movies.''' ,'''Haryanvi songs are a rage in Bollywood, and some talented singers hail from Rohtak, Kurukshetra etc.''' ,'''Delhi is my favourite city having spent most of my growing up years here. Performing here is like homecoming for me.''' ,'''People still recall my show 'Philips Top 10' with Pankaj Kapoor. Those characters were lovable.''' ,'''Delays can't mar a film.''' ,'''I feel proud of the fact that I did something differently in 'Brick Lane' and got so much of love, affection and respect from audiences and filmmakers there.''' ,'''By God's grace, my wife Shashi and I have been blessed with a daughter. It is the end of a long and painful wait for a child. It is a matter of unimaginable joy especially for my wife who had her heart set on another child ever since we lost our only son Shanu when he was just two-years-old.''' ,'''A play called 'Bichchu' with Om Puri in the main role was going to be staged and I was working backstage. An actor failed to turn up for rehearsals and the director asked me to do that role instead. I agreed and would go to the beach to rehearse my dialogues as I had no place to stay those days.''' ,'''I have been so busy making people laugh with my acting, so I thought why not direct something and make my audience laugh more.''' ,'''I was always smitten by the mainstream Hindi commercial cinema.''' ,'''Sometimes destiny has its own way.''' ,'''I had lost my son 20 years back, when I was at the peak of my career. I couldn't really get time to even feel that loss. I used to be continuously busy with work and this would make me feel guilty: I didn't even have the time to mourn my son's death.''' ,'''At the time of 'Mr. India,' I had just started and was a frustrated actor. I didn't know Calendar would take my career into the right direction.''' ,'''I have always tried to play significant characters and have never done cheap comedy.''' ,'''Music is like fashion, it's transient and cyclical.''' ,'''Some of the corporate houses are using films as a means to market their brands. They are not concerned with the storyline. When it comes to big-budget films, simple storylines told with conviction are still the safest best.''' ,]
+++