+++
author = "Hansika Motwani"
title = "Hansika Motwani Quotes"
quotes_len = "67"
description = "the best 67 Hansika Motwani Quotes"
keywords = "hansika motwani,hansika motwani quotes,hansika motwani quote,hansika motwani sayings,hansika motwani saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've finished 12th standard from Poddar International and enrolled for B.A. in political science in Cambridge University, London. It's a correspondence course, and I'll go to London for my exams once a year. That way, I can devote more time to films.''' ,'''Silence is my dignity.''' ,'''I'm competing with myself first, as my aim is to improve my performance in every film.''' ,'''I think it is very important for all actors to complete their studies side by side.''' ,'''I don't read books.''' ,'''My parents have put in a lot of efforts for me. Whatever I am and wherever I am is because of them. I won't do anything to displease them.''' ,'''The only time my workout goes a little haywire is when I'm travelling.''' ,'''People don't know that when there is something running in my mind, I start smiling. If I'm angry, I smile and blush.''' ,'''All actresses, including me, want to look great on screen.''' ,'''The Tamil industry, while being better than all the other film industries when it comes to treating female actors, is still dominated by men. So, I can only work within the space offered to heroines, and I think I am doing that.''' ,'''Brad Pitt is amazingly talented and equally good-looking, too.''' ,'''I'm very punctual. I wish I could change this about myself because most people around me are not.''' ,'''Obviously I will promote 'Vaalu.' It is my film. I am the lead actress in it; I play a major part, and I will promote the film.''' ,'''As a 17-year-old, I remember positively dreading dance sequences. I would come to shoots, quaking with nervousness at the idea of making other artistes do retakes due to my mistakes.''' ,'''Everyone has their opinion, and if no one criticizes, how will I improve my work?''' ,'''I concentrate on doing good projects.''' ,'''I had worked in Hindi films like 'Jaago,' 'Abra Ka Dabra,' 'Koi Mil Gaya,' but 'Desamuduru' was a different experience.''' ,'''Everyone has a breakup in their lives, and I think everyone should experience love.''' ,'''I always give importance to scripts first, and remuneration is something that comes later.''' ,''''Power' is a very special film for me and is one of the finest films of my career. I have played a character that I have never done before. My role has a lot of comedy.''' ,'''My character in 'OK OK' has a lot of attitude, and it is an interesting one.''' ,'''The camera and I have always had good chemistry.''' ,'''I make it a point to study the character I do, and if the story demands that I wear a particular outfit, I'm game.''' ,'''I hate interference, and I don't interfere in others' lives.''' ,'''Since I come from an educated background, I love to study.''' ,'''I am not a party person.''' ,'''When I turned 21, I started losing weight - again, a normal thing for any girl my age. I did not take a conscious decision to reduce my weight.''' ,'''I went around Coimbatore quite often while I was shooting for Velayudham. It's a fascinating place with a lot of energy.''' ,'''I don't have a favourite romantic scene, but I enjoy romantic movies like 'Ghost' and 'Music and Lyrics.'''' ,'''I am in love with myself, with my friends, with my family, with kids, with life and my movies.''' ,'''I make sure that whatever film I do, I enjoy my role.''' ,'''I've been working on the screen right from childhood and am completely in love with my work. And this experience has taught me that ultimately, it's a good script, good work that matters, whether in Bollywood or in the South.''' ,'''I can say that I don't compete with others and only with myself because I do so many films.''' ,'''I like to collect DVDs of most English films.''' ,'''I have not seen 'Vaalu' yet, but I am sure it will be good.''' ,'''I need to thank my director, producers, and artists as well crew members of all my projects.''' ,'''My workout involves cardio, jogging, and yoga as well. I am a firm believer of yoga and meditation.''' ,'''I'm happy with my commercial heroine tag.''' ,'''As an actor, it is okay to fall and get up. Then you can give your best. Sometimes audiences don't receive it well, but you have to take it in the right sense. It is part and parcel of being in the industry.''' ,'''Whenever I am asked about my personal relationships, I politely reply, 'No comments.'''' ,'''When the time is right, I will do female-centric films.''' ,'''I love Chennai and its people. My mother always tells me, 'You should have been born a South Indian!'''' ,'''My personal life is also cinema.''' ,'''I am very lucky I got fans, and I interact with them personally. I know that they have poured their love on me unconditionally, and all I can do is work hard and be kind to them.''' ,'''I keep going to New York every year for 20 to 25 days. I love it there, but I can't imagine settling in any place other than India.''' ,'''I do feel bad when my films don't do well, but I respect audiences' verdict because they know well which films to support. If they don't like a film, we should accept it.''' ,'''Fame gives you a high.''' ,'''I am a very reserved person and have very few friends in the industry, while most of my close ones are from school and college.''' ,'''When I was shooting in Pollachi, I had tried out a lot of local food, most of them I don't remember the names of.''' ,'''Ravi Teja helps the co-artistes, and he is a very kind person.''' ,'''Asked to choose between money and fame, I'd choose the latter every time.''' ,'''My mom has helped me nurture my interest and hone my talent.''' ,'''I entered the industry at very young age, and I was like any normal girl at the age of 17 or 18. At that age, most girls are a little plump.''' ,'''My mum is my biggest critic. She said I was good for the first film, but I can still be better, and I need to polish my acting skills.''' ,'''Even when I turn 60, they'll call me a child actor.''' ,'''I'm worth every penny because I'm a complete professional who does her work well.''' ,'''There is no point in pointing fingers because there are three fingers pointing back at you.''' ,'''I love the ubiquitous idly-dosa combination. In fact, that was my pet name as a kid! In school, I would bug the canteen boys to get me my daily quota of idly!''' ,'''I'm not bothered about what others are doing. All I want to do is excel in whatever it is that I do.''' ,'''Every good movie I watch, the hero becomes my favourite. I start blushing every time a hero romances a heroine.''' ,'''I have painted gods, and goddesses too, and my favourite is Ganesha and Radha Krishna.''' ,'''I watch my films with my mum and other family members, you know. I also know there are thousands of women who watch my films. I don't want to set wrong examples.''' ,'''Building a home for neglected senior citizens is my long time dream.''' ,'''I am only a dog lover, and I have a nice fawn-colored one at home.''' ,'''In 'Manithan' I did not again play a bubbly thing, but my character was calm and composed.''' ,'''I paint, and painting gives me my much needed break from my routine. Painting was a subject in my school, and I developed a liking for the lines and colours and started practising in my free time. It helps me de-stress amidst my hectic shooting schedules.''' ,'''What's the point of doing a great character in a bad film? Instead, I want audiences to thoroughly enjoy a film and remember my part when they walk out of a cinema hall.''' ,]
+++