+++
author = "B. C. Forbes"
title = "B. C. Forbes Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 B. C. Forbes Quotes"
keywords = "b. c. forbes,b. c. forbes quotes,b. c. forbes quote,b. c. forbes sayings,b. c. forbes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The bargain that yields mutual satisfaction is the only one that is apt to be repeated.''' ,'''Books are like a mirror. If an ass looks in, you can't expect an angel to look out.''' ,'''Golf without bunkers and hazards would be tame and monotonous. So would life.''' ,'''The truth doesn't hurt unless it ought to.''' ,'''He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.''' ,'''The man who has won millions at the cost of his conscience is a failure.''' ,'''Real riches are the riches possessed inside.''' ,'''Better to be occasionally cheated than perpetually suspicious.''' ,'''History has demonstrated that the most notable winners usually encountered heartbreaking obstacles before they triumphed. They won because they refused to become discouraged by their defeats.''' ,'''To make headway, improve your head.''' ,'''Jealousy... is a mental cancer.''' ,'''He best keeps from anger who remembers that God is always looking upon him.''' ,'''If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business.''' ,'''Christmas is a tonic for our souls. It moves us to think of others rather than of ourselves. It directs our thoughts to giving.''' ,'''The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.''' ,'''What you have outside you counts less than what you have inside you.''' ,'''It is only the farmer who faithfully plants seeds in the Spring, who reaps a harvest in the Autumn.''' ,'''Difficulties should act as a tonic. They should spur us to greater exertion.''' ,'''Work is the meat of life, pleasure the dessert.''' ,'''There is more credit and satisfaction in being a first-rate truck driver than a tenth-rate executive.''' ,'''Many a man thinks he is patient when, in reality, he is indifferent.''' ,'''The man who is intent on making the most of his opportunities is too busy to bother about luck.''' ,'''Turn resolutely to work, to recreation, or in any case to physical exercise till you are so tired you can't help going to sleep, and when you wake up you won't want to worry.''' ,'''A shady business never yields a sunny life.''' ,'''A business like an automobile, has to be driven, in order to get results.''' ,]
+++