+++
author = "Marion Ross"
title = "Marion Ross Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Marion Ross Quotes"
keywords = "marion ross,marion ross quotes,marion ross quote,marion ross sayings,marion ross saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The great classics that, as a professional you don't get to do, you do as a student, when you don't know any better.''' ,'''Happy Days, which we did for 11 years, we did with three cameras in front of a live audience. Very special. We had a party every Friday night. The boys, Ron, Henry, they grew up on that show.''' ,'''Prague is the Paris of the '90s.''' ,'''I think in Mrs. C, I certainly played myself. A very compulsive, sweet person.''' ,'''I have tremendous faith in theuniverse. I feel at home on this planet. Even though it's a very big world out there, I plan on walking right through the middle of it unharmed.''' ,'''Hearing loss very often is such a gradual phenomenon that the person is in denial. You really have to be patient with them in getting them to come forward to get help.''' ,'''I have to constantly remind myself that I am communicating with a person with hearing loss.''' ,'''But if you don't watch me, I will try and sneak in some humor. I see humor everywhere in life around me.''' ,'''I was born not too far from Minneapolis, so it's nice to come back and visit.''' ,'''Happy Days was a wonderful, wonderful experience and I would not have traded it for the world.''' ,'''I really wanted to go onstage. Not movies. But I ended up under contract to Paramount. Now I adore film work.''' ,'''Rule number one is, make sure that you face the person with hearing loss when you are speaking to them.''' ,'''I learned a great deal doing Brooklyn Bridge. I was able to take a giant step into the terrible reality that was then. We saw the cattle cars that took folks away. Just knowing it was real, it would be impossible not to feel.''' ,'''The thing about hearing loss is that no one can see it. Most people are so impatient; they just assume that the person with hearing loss is being rude, or slow-witted.''' ,]
+++