+++
author = "Ernie Johnson Jr."
title = "Ernie Johnson Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "88"
description = "the best 88 Ernie Johnson Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "ernie johnson jr.,ernie johnson jr. quotes,ernie johnson jr. quote,ernie johnson jr. sayings,ernie johnson jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There was a time I worshipped at the altar of Rudy Martzke.''' ,'''I love a place packed with history.''' ,'''What I've always tried to do, whether it's the NBA or baseball or golf, is be charged with getting the color.''' ,'''You really don't consider it work when you are doing what you like to do.''' ,'''On the NBA show we are dealing with millionaires. On the college level we are dealing with some teenagers.''' ,'''Nobody is going to tune in to see what I think about the NBA.''' ,'''I believe people can change and I believe through the power of prayer, God can change people and people's outlooks.''' ,'''I grew up going to Catholic school and I was altar boy even going back to the days where the altar boys had to learn the Latin clergy for mass.''' ,'''I remember all the old catwalks and stuff at County Stadium.''' ,'''I hesitate to ever, as one dad, tell another dad how to raise their kids.''' ,'''I'm going to pray for Donald Trump.''' ,'''You can salute the flag. You can revere the flag. You can respect the flag. And all of those are fine. What you cannot do is use the flag as a blindfold. You can't use the flag as a blindfold and not see the things you've seen with your very eyes that tell you that what's keeping this country held back is systemic racism.''' ,'''There were trust issues with Hillary Clinton I couldn't get past, and there was this inflammatory rhetoric from Donald Trump, which to me was incomprehensible and indefensible.''' ,'''I was a news anchor in Macon for a year and a half, and a news reporter for exactly one year in Spartanburg before they hired me at the ABC affiliate WSD in Atlanta.''' ,'''My favorite player back then was Joe Adcock. I don't know why he was my favorite player. He just was.''' ,'''I believe whoever is in the White House, God is in charge. That's me. And I voiced that on TV.''' ,'''That's real life, what is at home.''' ,'''I am a dad who happens to be a sportscaster. Not the other way around.''' ,'''Baseball has been in my blood for a long, long time.''' ,'''I used to work in Macon, Georgia and Spartanburg, South Carolina where the studio was about half the size of your living room.''' ,'''No one cares what I think about a 6-foot putt. They care what Ian Baker-Finch thinks.''' ,'''My sister and mom are both cancer survivors. If they're going to whip it, so am I.''' ,'''I used to let my job define who I was. I like this version of me now, the one that values his job but doesn't put it at the top of the heap.''' ,'''I'm not the guy who's been in the huddle with 1.7 seconds left to go.''' ,'''I understand any time you mention Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and Jesus Christ in the same two minutes, people are going to talk.''' ,'''Chris Webber used to be a wonderful guest to have in. Very loose, and a lot of fun.''' ,'''If I were doing any better I'd be jealous of myself.''' ,'''Calling Jack Nicklaus's last trip to St. Andrews was a once-in-a-lifetime moment.''' ,'''I just wish Twitter was used in a more positive way.''' ,'''I've been called a point guard, I've been called a traffic cop, I've been called a ringmaster, a lion tamer, whatever. And I guess the thing about the traffic cop is I'm more of a rogue traffic cop because a good traffic cop doesn't want any fender benders.''' ,'''I sat in the back of the broadcast booth for ages watching my dad do his job. And not just watching how he did his job, but how he interacted with people and how he regarded his job.''' ,'''You have to be intentional about slowing down and not rushing to your next meeting.''' ,'''You can recognize that you've been gifted in certain ways and be very thankful for that, but it doesn't mean that you brag about it.''' ,'''Our family life is a circus without a net. But I wouldn't have it any other way.''' ,'''I'm praying for America, and I'm praying that one day we'll look back and we're going to say, 'You know what, that Donald Trump presidency... it was all right.'''' ,'''I actually covered a fire once at the apartment complex where I was living.''' ,'''I'm the worst guy to ever talk about ratings and number of households watching.''' ,'''The fans at home want to hear what LeBron or Kevin Durant or Steve Kerr has to say.''' ,'''Oak Hill is a classic golf course. There aren't a lot of tricks to it.''' ,'''There are just certain nuances of the game that cannot be defined by stats and that's why you can't rely on them. That's why Popeye Jones was Charles Barkley's biggest headache, not Kevin McHale. That's why Big Country Reeves is the guy who ate Shaquille O'Neal alive.''' ,'''I'm a coffee guy but I don't think I've had a full cup of coffee. I'll grab one and then I'll have a few sips of it then go back to work and it's cold then I'll throw that away and go back later and get another one.''' ,'''I had the world's greatest childhood. I used to hang around by the batting cage and have Hank Aaron ask me how my Little League team was doing.''' ,'''Life is a blink. It really is, it zips right past you.''' ,'''Be on time for James Dolan - no excuses like Zebras in the road.''' ,'''As it turns out, because of the kind of Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma I had, there was no need for treatment right away. So I could continue to keep working and doing my thing until it got to the time where my oncologist and I determined it was time for treatment.''' ,'''I listen to a little bit of hip-hop, but I mainly go back to what was big when I was at the University of Georgia in the '70s. I'm a big Emerson, Lake & Palmer guy, a big Jackson Browne guy, the soundtrack of college.''' ,'''Less is always more in a playoff game.''' ,'''I love watching players who, you know when you go to see them, everything is going to be left out on the floor.''' ,'''There was a time in my life that I thought prayer did not matter either. There was a time earlier in my life where I did not give God a second thought.''' ,'''Sometimes early in my career I thought what I did was who I was. As you mature, I've learned that is not the case. This is what I do, this is not who I am.''' ,'''I thought I'd be an English teacher and a baseball coach somewhere.''' ,'''I had kind of written the script for my life, I thought. I had the great job, great wife and a boy and a girl and then here's this script that we're following and suddenly adoption comes into the picture. That was the huge unscripted moment in my life which led to many, many others.''' ,'''This is baseball, this is in my blood, this is what I grew up with.''' ,'''At times, I was a little full of myself too. That wasn't the way my dad taught me and I had to change.''' ,'''You may hate the pilot but you don't want the plane to crash.''' ,'''I listen to everything. My playlists are wide-ranging. I listen to classic rock, gospel, Christian, soul.''' ,'''I kind of like the three-point shoot-out. It's very easy to understand, very simple.''' ,'''I like the Slam Dunk contest when it's good.''' ,'''If I ever complain about my job, hit me with a rubber hose.''' ,'''If you focus your thoughts on what you do have and not what you don't have you will always be grateful.''' ,'''I started broadcasting in 1977 in radio and 1979 on TV.''' ,'''I work on the show every day, even when we aren't on the air. I'm compiling quotes from around the league, digging through clips. 'Chris Paul said this, that might spark a good conversation.' I'm looking at numbers, offensive and defensive efficiency.''' ,'''If you feel like your voice is going, you have to have hot tea and honey and plenty of water.''' ,'''I loved all sports growing up.''' ,'''What can I ask the owner that I won't ask the GM that I won't ask the coach that I won't ask a player? I want to get something for the viewers at home.''' ,'''Dad liked to self-deprecatingly joke about his career, but Ernie Johnson was a pretty darn good relief pitcher.''' ,'''I was hopeful and I was encouraged that there will be a difference between the President Trump and the campaigning Trump.''' ,'''What doing baseball means to me is it's a real touchpoint with my late father. This is what he did for thirty years. I was fortunate to share the booth with my dad for four seasons in the 1990s, so every time I do a game, it's a way to honor him.''' ,'''I never know from one election to the next who's going to be in office, but I know who's on the throne. And I'm on this earth because God created me. And that's who I answer to.''' ,'''I never had brothers.''' ,'''A lot of times the interview relies not so much on the interviewee, but on the interviewer.''' ,'''I was a fan of the NCAA Tournament and watching when I could, but now I have files on over a 120 college teams that I have been building on over the last few years.''' ,'''We're blessed we're working in sports, it's all fun and I never lose the fact there are three billion guys out there who would take my job in a second.''' ,'''I don't work for a sports network, per se. I'm on once a week for the NBA and then we only do a handful of golf events - the PGA, the British and the Grand Slam.''' ,'''Golf teaches you about yourself. You haven't got anyone else to blame when things go wrong.''' ,'''I mean, it just seems to me that everybody wants to get on each other, everybody wants to attack everybody.''' ,'''It's fun to go to a job where you know you're going to laugh before the day is over.''' ,'''When you've got people taking opposite positions just to create a debate, viewers can see through it.''' ,'''I was a baseball player growing up and wanted to play ball.''' ,'''Some people say doing a studio show and doing play by play are two totally different animals. And to an extent, that's true.''' ,'''Every time I do a game on TBS, I wear these: my dad's cuff links from 1958.''' ,'''You're more apt to criticize an NBA player than you are a college players. Some of these guys are freshmen. They are learning the game. The other guys have taken it to the biggest stage there is. That's the NBA. So they are going to get more heat if they don't perform.''' ,'''I try to stay out of the way unless I'm really needed.''' ,'''There's no act. That's the whole Charles Barkley package. That's why people like him.''' ,'''I'm the TV guy trying to get us from point A to point B to point C.''' ,'''I think Kobe Bryant was great.''' ,'''I'm a Christian. I follow a guy named Jesus, you might have heard of him.''' ,'''Preparation is the lifeblood of this job. It's a non-stop process. You're always working ahead.''' ,]
+++