+++
author = "Matt Drudge"
title = "Matt Drudge Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Matt Drudge Quotes"
keywords = "matt drudge,matt drudge quotes,matt drudge quote,matt drudge sayings,matt drudge saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''With a modem, anyone can follow the world and report on the world-no middle man, no big brother. I guess this changes everything.''' ,'''The Internet feeds off the main press, and the main press feeds off the Internet. They're working in tandem.''' ,'''Meet them once and you're innocent; meet them twice and you're not. So if you see me having drinks again with Harvey Weinstein then, okay, you've got me.''' ,'''If the first lady is concerned about this Internet cycle, what would she have done during the heyday when there was 12, 13 editions of a paper in one day? What would she have done with that news cycle?''' ,'''Because I have success, it doesn't mean I'm part of the mainstream. I'm still an outsider.''' ,'''A lot of the stories are internal. They leak it to me wanting to get attention, wanting to get that headline. More times than not, I will not give it to them.''' ,'''I never think too far into the future. I'm too busy thinking about tomorrow's news.''' ,'''I do most of my business on that dirty Internet that you were just talking about, where I find there is a lot of freedom to report exactly what I want.''' ,'''Television saved the movies. The Internet is going to save the news business.''' ,'''If technology has finally caught up with individual liberty, why would anyone who loves freedom want to rethink that?''' ,'''I follow my conscience - and this is upsetting to some people, but I maintain the conscience is going to be the only thing between us and communication in the future.''' ,'''Some of the best news stories start in gossip. Monica Lewinsky certainly was gossip in the beginning. I had heard it months before I printed it.''' ,'''You would be amazed what the ordinary guy knows.''' ,'''I don't necessarily think anything on a Web site can have a result.''' ,'''I'm not mean.''' ,'''I've written thousands of stories, started hundreds of news cycles.''' ,'''I cover media people the way they cover politicians.''' ,'''I want one place I can go that is not going to be lewd, and I'm not sure there is anything left.''' ,'''I envision a future where there'll be 300 million reporters, where anyone from anywhere can report for any reason. It's freedom of participation absolutely realized.''' ,'''I was first to break the news about the death of Lady Diana. The CNN team couldn't get into makeup fast enough.''' ,'''Not everything I do is gossip or bedroom. To the contrary, I think that's just an easy label to dismiss me and to dismiss the new medium.''' ,'''The media is comparable to government-probably passes government in raw power.''' ,'''There won't be editors in the future with the Internet world, with citizen reporting. That doesn't scare me.''' ,'''The first step in good reporting is good snooping.''' ,'''All truths begin as hearsay, as far as I'm concerned.''' ,'''There's a danger of the Internet just becoming loud, ugly and boring with a thousand voices screaming for attention.''' ,'''There's nothing more exciting than to watch a story break and grow, and to be the first one to present it to the world.''' ,'''I didn't go to the right schools, didn't come from a well-known family, nor was I even remotely connected to a powerful publishing dynasty.''' ,'''We have entered an era vibrating with the din of small voices. Every citizen can be a reporter, can take on the powers that be.''' ,'''It seems to me we are losing our way in an effort to get the ratings.''' ,]
+++