+++
author = "Jamie Lee Curtis"
title = "Jamie Lee Curtis Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 Jamie Lee Curtis Quotes"
keywords = "jamie lee curtis,jamie lee curtis quotes,jamie lee curtis quote,jamie lee curtis sayings,jamie lee curtis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I attempted various types of plastic surgery, minutely but enough to stave off this encroaching middle-aged body. And every time I did, something went wrong. I felt misshapen, just not natural any more.''' ,'''I guess I want very much to be recognized for my abilities, for the work I put in, and yet it's still always there - who my parents were. As much as I love my parents, if that was the last thing ever said about me - that I was their daughter - I would be disappointed that my contributions weren't strong enough on their own.''' ,'''I try to go to the gym three times a week. And I have to watch what I eat. I'm a normal person.''' ,'''I'm going to look the way God intends me to look... with a little help from Manolo Blahnik.''' ,'''I think happiness comes from self-acceptance. We all try different things, and we find some comfortable sense of who we are. We look at our parents and learn and grow and move on. We change.''' ,'''I'm not a prophet. I'm not a teacher. I have no degrees. My degree is from the University of Life.''' ,'''The more I like me, the less I want to pretend to be other people.''' ,'''So, am I friendly with my daughter and her friends? Yes. Am I their friend? No. Does she shut the door? Yes, and I very much support the shut door.''' ,'''I don't think any woman wants to be known for being beautiful or busty. I think you want to be known for who you are.''' ,'''I'm a tidy, neat person. But I'm not a maniac.''' ,'''My life is so filled with my children, my family, and the charitable work I do.''' ,'''I used to dream of being normal. For me, if Kirk Douglas walked into the house, that was normal.''' ,'''I believe that life is hard. That we all are going to walk through things that are hard and challenging, and yet advertising wants us to believe that it's all easy.''' ,'''The challenging part of parenting for me is to make sure that an individual person is an individual and not some sort of cookie-cutter version of me. At the same time, I want to make sure that I impart my sense of the world as an adult.''' ,'''I've had a little plastic surgery. I've had a little lipo. I've had a little Botox. And you know what? None of it works. None of it.''' ,'''I was doing a children's book on self-esteem, and I really felt like I wanted to shed the shame I'd been feeling - and maybe make it easier for women my age who had probably felt bad about themselves.''' ,'''If you just watch a teenager, you see a lot of uncertainty.''' ,'''Now all of a sudden I'm so less interested in pretending to be a lot of other people, and much more interested in being me.''' ,'''The most rewarding aspect of parenting is seeing my children be authentic. The most rewarding thing for me is to see them do anything that they're proud of.''' ,'''I'm age-appropriate. I dress age-appropriately, I choose mates age-appropriately. I'm a big believer in people should act their age.''' ,'''I'm a human being who lives a flawed, contradictory life. And I have all sorts of problems and all sorts of successes.''' ,'''I've etched out who I am through myriad haircut attempts, outfit attempts, beauty attempts, diet attempts. It's been an evolution.''' ,'''I think my capacity to change has given me tremendous happiness, because who I am today I am completely content to be.''' ,'''Being an actor, you are recognized for being somebody else, whereas these books are distilled from me.''' ,'''I'm a performer. I've just been one since I was a little girl. I used to pretend all the time.''' ,'''With short hair you have to get a haircut every two or three weeks. And if you're coloring your hair, you have to color it that often. Every time I did it, I felt fraudulent.''' ,'''Getting sober just exploded my life. Now I have a much clearer sense of myself and what I can and can't do. I am more successful than I have ever been. I feel very positive where I never did before, and I think that's all a direct result of getting sober.''' ,'''Modern women are just bombarded. There's nothing but media telling us we're all supposed to be great cooks, have great style, be great in bed, be the best mothers, speak seven languages, and be able to understand derivatives. And we don't really have women we're modeling after, so we're all looking for how to do this.''' ,'''I'm never going to be an athlete, never going to be running triathlons - I'm not that person.''' ,'''If I can challenge old ideas about aging, I will feel more and more invigorated. I want to represent this new way. I want to be a new version of the 70-year-old woman. Vital, strong, very physical, very agile. I think that the older I get, the more yoga I'm going to do.''' ,'''Hollywood is the backdrop of my family, and I know that the movie business is incredibly cruel as you get older.''' ,'''Actually, the books were never a planned career path.''' ,'''It was during a cosmetic procedure that I first had painkillers.''' ,'''Kids are going to try drugs and alcohol; that's part of society.''' ,'''I talk too much.''' ,'''The parameters are such that I don't get offered a lot of work. I'm sure most directors hear my list of don'ts and say forget it.''' ,'''I work with The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University. I sit proudly as one of only two recovering addicts on their board.''' ,'''If I'm honest I don't think the world would miss me if I never acted again.''' ,'''I have very short hair. It's the only cute haircut I think I've ever had.''' ,'''Well, I could do it for a day, but I wouldn't want to be a teenager again. I really wouldn't.''' ,'''If I were an actress today at the age of 18, I would never make it, because now our young actresses all seem to be very beautiful and very talented right away.''' ,'''I never represented glam. That's the thing, you'll never see me in the front row of a fashion show. I'm uninterested in it. I find it trivial and banal and boring.''' ,'''It's not that I'm retired; I just no longer accept acting work.''' ,'''I love performing and pretending - it's very easy for me.''' ,'''I actually think there's an incredible amount of self-knowledge that comes with getting older.''' ,'''I've been in showbusiness all my life, but as an actress I have never been overly driven.''' ,'''I think I felt that I was very well known for my figure and needed to keep that up for my work. And I regret all of it. I felt fraudulent and very shameful.''' ,'''I wasn't the kid who lined up her toys, although when it came to Barbies and that little traveling wardrobe with the drawers and the little shoes, my stuff was always on hangers and the shoes were always in pairs. Things had their places.''' ,'''I can play rhythm guitar. I know how to hold a guitar and strum it.''' ,'''I'm a layperson. I barely got out of high school. I have no business telling people what to do or my big philosophy on life. I'm certainly not going to write any sort of memoir.''' ,'''My marriage? Up to now everything's okay. But it's a real marriage - imperfect and very difficult. It's all about people evolving somewhat simultaneously through their lives. I think we've emotionally evolved.''' ,'''I barely got out of high school, and I look back at my life often and go, 'Wow, this was awesome!'''' ,'''Because I know I'm an addict, and I know I'm an alcoholic.''' ,'''All the work built my fame and certainly made me more money, but the toll it took in my home was not good.''' ,'''I've been going through photos of my mother, looking back on her life and trying to put it into context. Very few people age gracefully enough to be photographed through their aging.''' ,'''And I was ashamed of myself for feeling like I had to do that in order to look a certain way. I felt misshapen, just not natural anymore. And I think it was a big stimulator of my drug use.''' ,'''I'm uninterested in superheroes. I am only interested in real stories, real people, real connection.''' ,'''I've always put my family first and that's just the way it is.''' ,'''I thought, while they're up and firm, why not shoot them once or twice.''' ,'''My mother and stepfather were married 43 years, so I have watched a long marriage. I feel like I had a very good role model for that. And, you know, it's just a number.''' ,'''I've been happily married to Chris for almost 20 years.''' ,'''The biggest lesson I've learned from my children is to look in the mirror at myself, not at them. I've realized that everything I've done has had an impact on them. We have to understand that they are like little paparazzi. They take our picture when we don't want them to and then they show it to us in their behavior.''' ,'''My deal was that they would use a full-length picture of me in my underwear and a full-length picture of me all done up, and they would write about how long it took and how much it cost, because that was the whole point. It was very liberating.''' ,]
+++