+++
author = "Hank Green"
title = "Hank Green Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Hank Green Quotes"
keywords = "hank green,hank green quotes,hank green quote,hank green sayings,hank green saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am somewhat surprised to have employees.''' ,'''I'm Hank, I do a bunch of stuff.''' ,'''Teaching is probably the most difficult of all current jobs for an AI to manage. If you don't believe that, then you have never truly taught.''' ,'''YouTube's growth exploded in 2006. Ian and Anthony of Smosh, who began uploading in late 2005, were among the platform's top native stars and they defined a lot of what it meant to be a 'YouTuber.'''' ,'''Gone are the days when every successful creator got their own New York Times profile. Nowadays, professional Internet creator is just another job.''' ,'''I think it's vital that we be critical of the things that we love.''' ,'''When I was watching 19 and 20-year-olds go through this, dropping out of college to become famous on the Internet, I saw that it can go well but it can also go poorly, and usually it'll be a mix of those two things.''' ,'''I have always really enjoyed building great teams that execute a great vision.''' ,'''Conventions are expensive to run and attend.''' ,'''I love iPhones. I love iPhone 6 Pluses and iPhone 6s and iPhone 5s's and iPhone 5cs. I also love iPhone 4s. I'm sure if I had been savvy enough to own one, I would've loved the original iPhone.''' ,'''Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, and other economic and social platforms are not trying to build businesses, they are trying to build countries. Countries with laws, law enforcement, borders, and economic policy.''' ,'''I want paying taxes to feel like the accomplishment of a civic duty.''' ,'''I found out about Logan Paul in the traditional news.''' ,'''I've watched people quit YouTube to become doctors.''' ,'''My grandfather was a very successful businessman. He started off as an engineer, but moved to sales to management to executive over a long career. For a while, before I was born, he was the CEO of an oil and gas exploration company.''' ,'''As long as we continue to invest in good content that increases excitement about and understanding of science, we're on the right side of this fight, and I have no problem at all stealing from the toolbox of the clickbaiters.''' ,'''You're going to make decisions that are not in your best financial interest because they make you happier or more fulfilled or because of your values. You're going to do that because you're a good, smart person.''' ,'''Chemistry is not torture but instead the amazing and beautiful science of stuff, and if you give it a chance, it will not only blow your mind but also give you a deeper understanding of your world.''' ,'''Teachers are asked to do so much, and they can't be good at every single thing.''' ,'''Notoriety is such a prized thing. Society suddenly wants your opinion on things - everyone from your mom to an editor at The New York Times.''' ,'''I spent my youth reading books in which corporations became governments, it's an old idea in science fiction.''' ,'''I was and am an ardent environmentalist and I am terrified of the instability that climate change will bring.''' ,'''I've always wanted to write a book. And it turned out that it was more about finding a story that I felt I was necessary for, that no-one else could write.''' ,'''Copyright and Trademark are completely different things. Copyright prevents anyone from copying this article and posting it somewhere else. Copyright happens instantaneously the moment I write something down that is unique and from my brain. Trademarks are far more restrictive.''' ,'''Gaming content is exactly what YouTube wants (the videos are long, the audiences are engaged, and thus people stay on the site).''' ,'''I want to feel good about paying taxes.''' ,'''No one wants to be the creator with the reputation for bad mouthing sponsors!''' ,'''There's something exceptional about watching a video and simultaneously thinking 'That was genius!' and 'I could have done that!'''' ,'''Podcasts, and the way they are distributed, are extremely simple technologically. Indeed, 'RSS,' the feed protocol that connects podcast apps to the audio files that they need, stands for 'Really Simple Syndication.'''' ,'''Creators of content on the Internet are very commonly creators of community. Often times, this community is the most interesting and the most valuable part of making stuff, and many creators require that relationship to inspire them to make stuff.''' ,'''Ultimately, our ideas about robots are not about robots. The robot is a canvas onto which we project our hopes and our dreams and our fears... they become embodiments of those hopes and dreams and fears.''' ,'''I make and watch and think about YouTube for a living. So, when YouTube is launching a new feature I might have any emotion ranging from Christmas-morning enthusiasm to utter terror.''' ,'''There's nothing more dangerous than a powerful person who is imagining themselves as being powerless.''' ,'''Everyone talks about how the anonymity of the Internet allows people to behave badly, but I think it's the other way around, that the anonymity removes the 'self' from the people we're talking to online. Other people lose their humanity in our eyes. The system is set up to dehumanize.''' ,'''The problem with educating in online video is that online video is funded by advertising almost exclusively.''' ,'''I still do believe in the power of the Internet for good. I believe it's a net positive. I believe that it does connect people. It does give people a chance to be more of themselves. It does allow for content to be created for audiences that were being completely ignored and neglected.''' ,'''In the Big City, different feels good, like blazing a trail. In a small town, though, different can feel like trying real hard to look special. Or even like rubbing your neighbor's nose in your success.''' ,'''The problem is, education in America is sub-optimal because it is an impossible thing to optimize. It necessarily has to be local because different schools face different problems. There are no one-size-fits-all solutions.''' ,'''Teachers have such hard jobs and they don't get paid well. And in order to be a teacher you need a lot of education, so people aren't teachers for any other reason than they want to be, and they want to help educate the next generation of people.''' ,'''There have been, in my life, a number of times when I have intentionally made decisions that I knew would mean I would make less money or be less influential. I did this because, for whatever reason, it just wasn't worth it. It wasn't worth the stress, it felt icky, it relied on me exploiting relationships that I valued. Stuff like that.''' ,'''As the economy grows, as I employ more people, make more money... the income of my country should increase as well.''' ,'''I love online video. I've been obsessed with it since day one.''' ,'''Let's be honest with ourselves, YouTubers click on the trending tab for one single reason... to analyze what is on the trending tab and then complain that it isn't what we think it should be.''' ,'''Podcasts are a lovely corner of the Internet.''' ,'''There is a huge market for interesting content to be made by interesting creators.''' ,'''The landscape of professional creation continues to get more complex. Organizations and platforms of all sorts are vying for a slice of the value created by the relationship between creators and their audiences.''' ,'''Don't feel bad about getting someone to click on something if the thing they're clicking on doesn't suck.''' ,'''The complexity and nuance of YouTube's culture, creators, drama, genres, styles, and memes is what makes it wonderful for people on the inside, but it is also a wall that keeps people on the outside.''' ,'''On paper, I am a Tesla guy. I've got money, I'm a nerd, and for years I professionally ran a blog advocating for technology that helps decrease our impact on the environment. I love what Tesla does.''' ,'''I started paying my bills with YouTube money around the time I hit a million views a month.''' ,'''I am wrong all the time.''' ,'''It is much easier to hire your 20th person than your 1st.''' ,'''Anyone can put up a podcast, any application can locate and download it. It's a decentralized, hacked together, open system and, as podcaster and a listener, I think it works perfectly.''' ,'''Ultimately, the Internet is made of people and we need to do a good job at being citizens of that space.''' ,'''I am a professional creator of online video and I have had that job since the moment of its existence. I'm also something of a professional advocate for, and follower of, online video.''' ,'''Some people really hate the Fine Brothers and have for years.''' ,'''I have not come to having a healthy ego through being complimented by Internet strangers, I was born that way.''' ,'''We all know that abuse, harassment, and worse have long invaded the entertainment ecosystem. That story goes back to the beginning of Hollywood... probably farther.''' ,'''My brother and I semi-coined a phrase back in 2007, 'Don't Forget to be Awesome.'''' ,'''I'm a professional maker of online video and I love platform diversity of every kind.''' ,'''I really strongly believe that we should be judged not by how we acted when we were ignorant, but how we responded when we were informed.''' ,'''I think trusting people is a problem for anyone with an existing audience who wants to do another thing.''' ,'''It's really interesting to bring an Internet community into the real world.''' ,'''My father was the Florida state director of The Nature Conservancy.''' ,'''The viewers of video game content on YouTube are young and savvy. They are exactly the sort of people who tend to enthusiastically install ad blocking software.''' ,'''The online video ecosystems thrives largely on ads.''' ,'''You can be empathetic to a character in a book in a way that you can't with a real person, which is weird, because you know everything there is to know about them.''' ,'''I know that cursing isn't for everybody, but it is definitely for me.''' ,'''We shouldn't be ashamed of getting people to click on content that we're proud of.''' ,'''I think that we rightly spend more time thinking about and criticising the stuff that is really successful, because we want to make sure that we understand all the ways that it is both a positive and negative influence. It isn't always a bad thing.''' ,'''If you're making something you're passionate about, it's not going to feel like work.''' ,'''YouTube is very culturally recognized. When we started in 2007 YouTube was very relevant, but completely unrecognized.''' ,'''When I'm in L.A., I see Teslas like they're Hondas.''' ,'''I have gone long stretches of working 60 to 80 hours per week.''' ,'''There are lots of YouTubers that no one knows about who are getting hundreds of thousands of views on content that we would be really upset to see. And no one's holding them accountable because their audience shares all the same biases.''' ,'''We had such a dedicated and interested audience that they provided the opportunity to do cool new things - and we like doing cool new things.''' ,'''I have made lots of mistakes. I have had many bad days. I have hurt people and myself.''' ,'''When money, rather than innovation or value, is your competitive advantage, that's when things get boring and stagnant, and monopolies take root.''' ,'''Possibly the only genre that efficiently converted from TV to YouTube / Vine is sketch comedy, which has always had more to do with the skills of its creators than its budgets.''' ,'''Hosting and surfacing legacy media content isn't all about YouTube trying to abandon its core, it's about inviting a broader variety of viewers to the platform.''' ,'''People are curious and want to know about stuff.''' ,'''I am not fragile.''' ,'''People sometimes think that a video pops out of my head with no more work than extracting a booger. Every video is a challenge (an exciting one, sure, but a challenge.) Every collaboration is complicated.''' ,'''I am hopeful about the future of humanity.''' ,'''The process of seeking fame is a process of seeking dehumanization. You are looking for it. You want it. But you only want the good parts of it. You want the part where people see you as just a collection of positive things and nothing else.''' ,'''Large podcasts have a successful and sustainable business model in live show touring.''' ,'''I don't want to be one of those bosses... taking credit for phenomena that are out of my control.''' ,'''The path to success isn't through my lizard brain, it's through high quality collaboration and making good stuff and understanding difficult situations fully enough to come up with good (or even great) solutions quickly.''' ,'''I hate luxury for luxury's sake. I find it not just brash but societally disruptive. It's just another mechanism of manufacturing discontent by building a thing that most people want but can never have.''' ,'''Hiring and retaining talent in the tech industry is expensive and vital. Those people have real power over their bosses, especially because it is often fairly easy for them to find work elsewhere, and employee walkouts are terrible PR for these leaders who are often obsessed with their public image.''' ,'''Fueled by Ramen was maybe the first company to see YouTube as a place where music videos would go. The music video, which could never quite find a place on TV, has found its final form on YouTube.''' ,'''No one really knows how trademarks work. I don't mean, 'Come along with me on this journey and you will be one of the righteous few who truly understands!' I mean, no one really understands how trademarks work.''' ,'''I just want people to be excited about hard stuff, that's what engineering is.''' ,'''I started to have notoriety in my late 20s or early 30s - like the first time someone recognized me in public was probably when I was 29 years old.''' ,'''I like new products, I like when YouTube changes, I like when people have big ideas and try things out.''' ,'''Robots have solved and will continue to solve so many human problems. Except for all the ones that they cause.''' ,'''One of the wonderful things about the Internet is that it allows us to create lots of different kinds of content for lots of different kinds of people.''' ,'''OK, I wasn't really paying attention to YouTube in the year after it began. No one was. But its growth was remarkably rapid.''' ,'''I was 27 when I uploaded my first YouTube video. I had a master's degree and was running a small business. I had had good jobs and bad jobs and was fairly secure in my identity and understood who I was. When my audience or the algorithm wanted me to be something, I knew with a fair amount of certainty whether I wanted to be that thing or not.''' ,'''I got my first trademark in 2005: 'EcoGeek.' It was the name of a blog that had become my job. I had a dream of turning it into a big business. After spending a huge amount of time and money attempting to 'protect' that trademark, I let it lapse. It was still 2005.''' ,]
+++