+++
author = "Jose Jose"
title = "Jose Jose Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Jose Jose Quotes"
keywords = "jose jose,jose jose quotes,jose jose quote,jose jose sayings,jose jose saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I really like acting, but logically getting on stage to transmit the work of a composer who is inspired by God is something magical.''' ,'''One of the advantages I've had as an interpreter - because I'm not a composer - is I've had the fortune of working with great composers. Armando Manzanero, Rafael Perez Botija, Manuel Alejandro. These are the people who have built my career.''' ,'''Bless the Lord because he has converted me into a friend and accomplice of many couples, many hearts, and many marvelous souls who fall in love, and who suffer because of love.''' ,'''Before going onstage you can always feel the adrenaline pouring through your veins.''' ,'''Festivals are good to open the road for you, to bring in new faces and voices, but not to go back to once you've made it.''' ,'''Actually, the first songs I learned were imitations of Johnny Mathis.''' ,'''When young people fall in love, they start to understand my music.''' ,'''That 'adult contemporary' status nearly killed me... C'mon, I'm not a teenager, but I'm not a dinosaur either.''' ,'''Unfortunately, relationships always end for a reason. When it happens it is a time for reflection of course, because one has to always learn from those circumstances.''' ,'''I am ever thankful to my fans for making me who I am today. I feel I have a real commitment to them-the responsibility to make music with soul, warmth and a bit of wisdom.''' ,'''When I was 22 I didn't know how to manage my career or assimilate success.''' ,'''The support I've had from all Latin people, and Mexico especially, has allowed me to conquer my alcoholism.''' ,'''My history has been one of ups and downs. But thanks to God, I keep working, drawing from my life experiences songs that I can sing.''' ,'''We men could not live without women.''' ,'''My father was an opera singer who constantly tried to persuade me not to enter into an artistic career.''' ,'''Going international is difficult. There are obstacles and barriers, but I couldnt, as some others do, be content with the success achieved in my country.''' ,'''Just two years after hitting the top, I hit the bottom. I found myself penniless, deathly ill and getting a divorce. It was all a result of my ignorance. I didn't know how to handle everything that hit me at once.''' ,'''What moves me is to know that I have been part of the sentimental life of many couples around the world.''' ,'''I wanted to honor the memory of my father, who was a great opera singer and died very young, without knowing my success. As I inherited his voice, it is in recognition of that heritage.''' ,'''I view my records as a personal biography.''' ,'''Life prepares you so that you are able to create your own happy ending.''' ,'''Under my real name, Pepe Sosa, I recorded 'El Mundo' by Jimmy Fontana and 'Ma Vie' by Alain Barrier.''' ,]
+++