+++
author = "John Hewson"
title = "John Hewson Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 John Hewson Quotes"
keywords = "john hewson,john hewson quotes,john hewson quote,john hewson sayings,john hewson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Tony Blair will probably get thrown out by his party.''' ,'''I think the Prime Minister has embarked on a journey and he has no idea where he's taking us.''' ,'''To send our troops, our ships, our planes to this war is ridiculous.''' ,'''The only person you resent is yourself.''' ,'''I never wanted to separate from either wife. It was accumulated stress. We had virtually no time to ourselves. After politics we were both working very hard to establish new careers.''' ,'''I'm not tied to any particular political line.''' ,'''It's not just the war itself. It's what you do after the war and what structure you put in place and how you make that structure work.''' ,'''I got a bit enamoured with bigger houses and things like that.''' ,'''We've lost sight of our role in the region and our view of our colleagues in the region.''' ,'''Silence is best.''' ,'''I was not a politician.''' ,'''I had this habit of an academic of answering the question. I should have fobbed it off.''' ,'''The reality is, it will be a significant conflict going for many, many months, if not longer. Saddam Hussein is not a fool. He hasn't been sitting there waiting to get shot for 13 years.''' ,'''To make us a terrorist target in a region that is full of terrorism is dumb and unforgiveable.''' ,'''I was just absolutely exhausted. The media said I've been treated for a nervous breakdown. All that stuff I just took as people taking the opportunity when you're down to give you a kick.''' ,'''Hussein has a strategy. I'm sure he'll implement that strategy, and it would be to our detriment. We're embarking on an exercise about which we know nothing.''' ,'''I've been arguing this for months. This is not our war. This is not a war we should be in. Australia's better spending its time negotiating with North Korea.''' ,]
+++