+++
author = "Berenice Bejo"
title = "Berenice Bejo Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Berenice Bejo Quotes"
keywords = "berenice bejo,berenice bejo quotes,berenice bejo quote,berenice bejo sayings,berenice bejo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For us, as actors, and even for the director, it gave us a sense of authenticity to what we were doing because we were talking about Hollywood and we were in Hollywood.''' ,'''Right now I'm the most famous silent movie actress in the world and I want to keep that for me. So I hope there's not going to be any other silent movies.''' ,'''People recognize me, I have scripts, and auditions. And I meet great people.''' ,'''I never thought about how I didn't have a cell phone or I'm in 2011. I was just so happy to be able to be a character in the 30s and there are these actresses that I really liked in the 40s, 50s and 60s in American movies that I've seen since I was a little girl. But you don't really think like that when you prepare for a role.''' ,'''It's a once-in-a-lifetime event for all of us, something like this.''' ,'''I think the approach of the character for us is the same in a silent movie as in a talking movie because we had balance, we had lines to learn.''' ,'''Ever since the movie premiered at Cannes, I've had a sudden surge of scripts and interest.''' ,'''Even in the very beginning when she would bump into George Valentine and people would start taking pictures of her, she never thought, 'I'm with George Valentine. I need to get a picture with him.' She's like 'oh that's funny. Everyone's taking pictures!'''' ,'''Here, you go to the supermarket and you have wipes to clean your hands before shopping. No, we don't have that in France, but we recycle.''' ,'''Sometimes we had to improvise. I hate to improvise because I felt like I couldn't find words.''' ,'''I really enjoyed being Peppy Miller. She was an amazing character and her energy followed me everywhere. When I talk about her I want to be her again.''' ,'''Maybe I'll put my iPod in two minutes before. But truly, I've listened to actors say that they loved to listen to music before a shot, and I really understand that now because it puts you in the mood and gives you energy.''' ,'''I spent hours on the internet looking at how glamorous actresses winked and how they would put their hand on their waist, and I was told to look at how they would walk in a room and how her body takes place of everything.''' ,'''I connected very much with all the work of Joan Crawford because she started as a flapper. She used to dance and sing and she was very cute. She had something that was so different from what she is at the end of her life and she started in the silent movies and then went into the talkies.''' ,'''I fell in love with Crawford because when she was twenty or twenty five, she would dance and talk and sing and do the things that Peppy's character needs to do.''' ,'''The difference between the extras here and in France is the French extras read books. Actually, they hide the book and pretend that they're acting. Here, you can see everybody wants his break.''' ,'''I'm okay. Nobody's bothering me. Everyone's very kind, and very polite. I don't feel like my whole life changed.''' ,]
+++