+++
author = "Dylan Penn"
title = "Dylan Penn Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Dylan Penn Quotes"
keywords = "dylan penn,dylan penn quotes,dylan penn quote,dylan penn sayings,dylan penn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't deny that I had a very privileged upbringing, but my parents and that town maintained a sense of normalcy that I think many people find hard to achieve, and I am so grateful for that.''' ,'''Writing, directing... anything behind the camera is what I want to do.''' ,'''I like to write, and I would love to be a screenwriter one day and a director.''' ,'''I have a private Instagram and an official one, so I'm not opposed to social media.''' ,'''Getting to wear Chanel is my version of a fairy tale. Not that I would wear it every day - my style is more jeans and T-shirts - but it's kind of fun.''' ,'''When you're shy, the worst thing you can do is go into all these casting rooms and be scrutinized. But with shyness, I think you just have to bite the bullet.''' ,'''The whole selfie generation - it's just not my vibe.''' ,'''I wear sunscreen every single day - I just don't go out of the house without it. I also try to get enough sleep, eat as healthy as I can and keep hydrated. I have very sensitive skin, and depending on what products are used on a shoot, my skin can break out in an instant.''' ,'''It's funny because I've resisted acting as a career for most of my life. But both my parents told me if I ever want to direct, I should act first because no director should direct until they know what it's like to be in the actor's shoes.''' ,'''I will always eat pizza! Always.''' ,'''My truest passion is writing, so I continue to do that on my own while seeing what all the buzz is about being in front of the camera.''' ,'''No matter where I'm going, I always have sunglasses, a book, and some gum in my carry-on.''' ,'''I had already been approached to do modeling, but in the beginning, I didn't want to hear of it. Then, after two months of delivering pizza, I changed my mind, and I presented myself at the agency.''' ,'''I'm dying to go to India.''' ,'''My name is Dylan simply because my parents did not know before I was born if I would be a boy or a girl, and Dylan was a name that worked in both cases.''' ,'''I live three blocks away from the beach, so every day I walk down to the beach to run or go swimming. Hiking is a big one for me - so long as it's something where I'm not thinking about working out, like in a contrived class or the gym.''' ,'''I love telling stories; I always have, and I think women need to be more proactive about telling their own stories and sharing their points of view.''' ,'''Modeling is not a passion of mine. I have been having fun with it, but it's just to pay the bills.''' ,'''I like doing the editorial stuff because it's nice to do something that's more me. But modeling for brands and the things to make money... I guess I don't really like being the mannequin. It's a very strange concept.''' ,'''I didn't want to go to college, and my parents said, 'Well, then you'd better get a job, because we're not paying for you to drop out of school.' So I delivered pizza near USC for a while. We had to wear khakis and a baseball hat with the logo on it, and I worked almost every day.''' ,'''Kids my age never left California. And here I was, going to school with Aboriginal kids in a dream-like location.''' ,'''It's sad that because I have one friend who is in the public eye, just being seen out together once means we're romantically involved. But I don't take it seriously, and it doesn't really affect me much.''' ,'''I think my parents love that I want to do something a little different than what they do.''' ,'''I'm not a big fan of working out. Living in Los Angeles makes it much easier for me; I don't ever have an excuse not to be outside.''' ,'''I can't imagine dating someone famous. I try to stay away from that as much as I can.''' ,'''When I was 14, in Cuba, I met Fidel Castro with my dad, and it was really impressive. And on a totally different level, I met Justin Timberlake!''' ,'''Sushi is one of my favorite foods.''' ,'''My dream dinner party guests would be Ethel Kennedy, Truman Capote and Hunter S. Thompson.''' ,'''You're at a party or an event, and you're interacting with other people, but there's no shame in getting your camera out and getting your perfect angle. It's bizarre to me.''' ,'''I don't make a habit of watching my parents' films, because it is a little strange. But I will say that I binge watch 'House of Cards' compulsively, and I think it's the first time I've ever seen one of my mom's projects and totally forgot she was my mom!''' ,]
+++