+++
author = "Freddie Prinze"
title = '''I was in seventh grade at St. Matthew's. The teachers would tell me, 'God loves you,' and then whack a ruler across my hand. 'Well,' I'd say, 'if God loves me, can you call God? Can you ask Him if it's all right that I didn't do my homework? If it's not, then let Him hit me.''''
description = '''the best Freddie Prinze Quote: I was in seventh grade at St. Matthew's. The teachers would tell me, 'God loves you,' and then whack a ruler across my hand. 'Well,' I'd say, 'if God loves me, can you call God? Can you ask Him if it's all right that I didn't do my homework? If it's not, then let Him hit me.''''
slug = '''i-was-in-seventh-grade-at-st-matthews-the-teachers-would-tell-me-god-loves-you-and-then-whack-a-ruler-across-my-hand-well-id-say-if-god-loves-me-can-you-call-god?-can-you-ask-him-if-its-all-right-that-i-didnt-do-my-homework?-if-its-not-then-let-him-hit-me'''
keywords = '''I was in seventh grade at St. Matthew's. The teachers would tell me, 'God loves you,' and then whack a ruler across my hand. 'Well,' I'd say, 'if God loves me, can you call God? Can you ask Him if it's all right that I didn't do my homework? If it's not, then let Him hit me.',freddie prinze,freddie prinze quotes,freddie prinze quote,freddie prinze sayings,freddie prinze saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation'''
+++
I was in seventh grade at St. Matthew's. The teachers would tell me, 'God loves you,' and then whack a ruler across my hand. 'Well,' I'd say, 'if God loves me, can you call God? Can you ask Him if it's all right that I didn't do my homework? If it's not, then let Him hit me.'
