+++
author = "Amar'E Stoudemire"
title = "Amar'E Stoudemire Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Amar'E Stoudemire Quotes"
keywords = "amar'e stoudemire,amar'e stoudemire quotes,amar'e stoudemire quote,amar'e stoudemire sayings,amar'e stoudemire saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Like basketball, fashion is hard work.''' ,'''Swag is something that I've had for a long time.''' ,'''I think I'm a little more mature than the average guy.''' ,'''A lot of people think I grew up with just my brother and me, but mom was there even when she wasn't. We had a good household.''' ,'''I have never hid my spiritual roots. They just weren't something that came under the spotlight.''' ,'''Just going to Africa is amazing; it all comes back to the motherland. It's pretty much where everything started.''' ,'''In the NBA, there is a guy guarding you, and you really have to try shooting over him.''' ,'''The N.B.A. is not an easy job. As you get older, you play this game for 82 games a year, and you play 11 or 12 years, your body tends to break down.''' ,'''Of course New York is the Mecca of style in America, but don't knock Phoenix - it's not as big, but there are lots of people with style there.''' ,'''I was just a regular kid in poverty, struggling.''' ,'''I prefer the path of peace over war.''' ,'''You can tailor garments all you want, but if it doesn't fit in the arms or legs, it never will.''' ,'''I've had no shellfish and no pork for quite some time.''' ,'''I love Terry Porter.''' ,'''I have been aware since my youth that I am a Hebrew through my mother, and that is something that has played a subtle but important role in my development.''' ,'''The Bible is a history book.''' ,'''As a player, you should look at the teams you might want to play for. The city you may want to live in. The system you may want to play in. The economy. The cost of living. Everything. It's about what's best for you.''' ,'''I grew up playing football and baseball.''' ,'''If you research history, I think we are all Jewish. It's the original culture.''' ,'''To be a great player or a good player in the NBA, I have to work on my perimeter game.''' ,'''There're a lot of rules to basketball.''' ,'''I knew I was good because I was the only 14-year-old who could dunk backward.''' ,'''I'm glad many Jews attend Knick games.''' ,'''I think swagger's a confidence. It's a confidence of you knowing that you work hard for your success. A lot of times, you can't develop swagger if you haven't worked hard to succeed.''' ,'''Shawn Kemp was the player that I grew up watching, when he was with the SuperSonics.''' ,'''I see myself as a revolutionary, as a fashion rebel.''' ,'''Basketball, man: it is a land of giants.''' ,'''I want to reach my full potential.''' ,'''I believe religion is man-made.''' ,'''I never had a doubt that I would make it to the NBA, even when I wasn't playing.''' ,'''When I saw the rough cuts of 'The Village of Peace,' I was immediately intrigued and wanted to share this story on the global stage.''' ,'''I study Torah all the time.''' ,'''My father used to always give me a basketball, a skate board, and a bike every Christmas. That's all I wanted every year.''' ,'''I try to celebrate all the holidays that the Scriptures talk about.''' ,'''I'm not a religious person; I'm more of a spiritual person, so I follow the rules of the Bible that coordinate with and connect with the Hebrew culture.''' ,'''If you've got style, you'll show it, no matter the city.''' ,'''I had a Hebraic wedding in New York, so I'm definitely Jewish.''' ,'''I look at the Star of David as a symbol of righteousness.''' ,'''People have times when they want to go through different looks.''' ,'''You've got to have the right attire for the right event. I attend a lot of dinners, a lot of concerts, and I have to be on the red carpet; each has its own dress code, and I have to be prepared. Jeans and a hoodie are great for a concert, but a dinner party?''' ,'''A woman's outfit says a lot about her.''' ,'''Be yourself. Don't try too hard - it shows.''' ,'''I went from just a regular nappy-headed kid in poverty to Amar'e Stoudemire, New York Knicks captain superstar. But there's a lot in between that allowed me to get from point A to point B.''' ,'''My parents always made me dress up for church. I really didn't want to.''' ,'''Education is very important, and I understand that.''' ,'''The fact that I am not Jewish by religion does not prevent me from connecting to the Jewish nation's spirituality.''' ,'''My mom, she was, at a young age, caught up in the worldly ways. At that time, it was very intriguing to be out partying and having fun. As a young mother, she was caught in that.''' ,'''No one in my family is Jewish; no one was raised as a Jew, me included.''' ,'''I feel it's my responsibility to be able to take care of my family by living off the land. That's the ultimate goal for a man.''' ,'''I can't really dwell on the past.''' ,]
+++