+++
author = "Colin Trevorrow"
title = "Colin Trevorrow Quotes"
quotes_len = "91"
description = "the best 91 Colin Trevorrow Quotes"
keywords = "colin trevorrow,colin trevorrow quotes,colin trevorrow quote,colin trevorrow sayings,colin trevorrow saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I can build a coalition of people who are interested in what I have to say and what I'm thinking, I hope they'll come with me if I want to go tell a story that doesn't have dinosaurs in it - which I plan to do.''' ,'''I want to go make an original movie. It's all very personal, but I want to define myself a little bit more as a filmmaker and hone my craft.''' ,'''Nobody wants to make a bad 'Flight of the Navigator' remake. There's just no interest. We're going to do it if it's good.''' ,'''I like to believe that intimate moments between characters don't need to be relegated to independent films.''' ,'''Michael Giacchino is a fiercely creative musical mind and a true 'Jurassic Park' fan.''' ,'''Never since we discovered there were dinosaurs did anyone get sick of them.''' ,'''I feel like, whatever movie I was making, there would always be moments of human intimacy and insight into a little bit of what makes us tick as people.''' ,'''I've said before: 'If you're going to earnestly sing a song around a campfire, you'd better be a Muppet!' Or else we're just not going to buy it.''' ,''''Jurassic World' takes place in a fully functional park on Isla Nublar. It sees more than 20,000 visitors every day. You arrive by ferry from Costa Rica. It has elements of a biological preserve, a safari, a zoo, and a theme park. There is a luxury resort with hotels, restaurants, nightlife and a golf course. And there are dinosaurs.''' ,'''Big, big movies are in 3D, but we haven't reached a point yet where that's just what a movie is.''' ,'''Obviously it's a thrill to direct a 'Jurassic Park' film, and it's a great honor.''' ,'''I was going to go and do what I should do as a filmmaker and make slightly larger films each time, learn my craft, make mistakes and solve them.''' ,'''Kids go through a stage where they love dinosaurs - boy or girl.''' ,'''I learned on film at NYU. I was probably the last generation that was analog. Anyone who was a year younger than me, it was probably all digital.''' ,'''We've all been disappointed by new installments of the stories we love. But with all this talk of filmmakers 'ruining our childhood,' we forget that right now is someone else's childhood. This is their time. And I have to build something that can take them to the same place those earlier films took us.''' ,'''Woody Allen movies are like Beatles songs. I can't name my favorite without you immediately naming a better one.''' ,''''Jurassic Park' doesn't belong to America; it belongs to the whole world.''' ,'''I think that no relationship goes completely according to plan or the way you wished it had.''' ,'''I'm gullible. I think people mean what they say.''' ,''''Jurassic Park' movies don't fit into a specific genre. They're sci-fi adventures that also have to be funny, emotional, and scary as hell. That takes a lot of construction, but it can't feel designed.''' ,'''Three 'Jurassic Park' movies isn't enough! You want more!''' ,'''There's something about dinosaurs that should be very humbling to human beings.''' ,'''I can say pretty confidently that I am not the right guy to do a superhero movie, just because I was not a comic book kid. I don't know that mythology, and I don't have it ingrained in me in the way that a lot of these other directors do.''' ,'''I think intensity is one thing, and gore is another.''' ,'''I like how you can go back and watch David Lean and John Ford and see the influence that had on Steven Spielberg, especially David Lean, in the camerawork, and yet, you don't watch any Spielberg movie and think of David Lean. Once you're looking for it, you see it all, but it's not in your face.''' ,'''I'm a 'Star Wars' kid. I'm a 'Back to the Future' kid. I'm a Spielberg kid.''' ,'''I feel like, on a more macro scale, there's started to be a relationship between filmmakers and people who watch their films - you know, on Twitter and on the Internet.''' ,'''That's the thing about leaks: sometimes they aren't misinterpreted or false.''' ,'''Intimacy between humans need not be relegated to independent film. Real characters can exist no matter what the scale of a movie is.''' ,'''I don't have a PR rep. I live in Vermont.''' ,'''I feel a lot of films that are shot digitally, even low-budget independent films, they look super slick now. Because the technology is so good that they look too good.''' ,'''I love the challenge of having one character who is traveling back in time to find someone. Nowadays, the only way we think to find someone is on Facebook.''' ,'''We would go back and maybe not say that thing to our dad that we said, or maybe be a little nicer to someone who we cared about and had a relationship with when we were young. You know, they're subtle things, but we carry those with us forever. And I think that regret and time travel are intrinsically linked to me.''' ,'''I'm from Oakland and San Francisco, so I feel like the Pacific Northwest starts there and goes north - so, it's home to me.''' ,'''Anytime somebody tells me they saw 'Safety Not Guaranteed' in the theater, my answer is, 'That was you?'''' ,'''Marketing for a film is tricky because you release stuff without context.''' ,'''I think living things can recognize the movement of other living things, and all the best animators in the world can't quite capture that something.''' ,'''There are a lot of different elements in play when you're remaking something people care about.''' ,'''In high school, I worked at The Video Room in Oakland, California. It had the largest selection of laser discs in the Bay Area. One guy owned all of them.''' ,'''I applied everything that I could muster creatively to this mission to find a way to create a new 'Jurassic Park' movie for a new generation.''' ,'''I think, if you can, it's OK to put something in a movie because it makes you feel good.''' ,'''I would just encourage people: your childhood belongs to you, and don't give anyone, especially me, the power to ruin your childhood.''' ,''''Jurassic Park' is like 'Star Wars.' Different directors can give a different taste to each movie.''' ,'''I love the kind of movies I watched when I was a kid. But, I also love telling great stories.''' ,'''We live in a cult of the upgrade right now. There's always something around the corner that will make whatever you think is cool right now feel obsolete.''' ,'''I live in Vermont, and we don't have a tax incentive there, and therefore, we don't have professional crew there.''' ,'''There's no shame in being romantic at all. I think people want to feel that sense of romance, which is rarely even attempted anymore.''' ,'''In a movie that's sort of a single monster movie, like 'Jaws,' once you see the animal, it identifies the threat, and you're able to start working on ways to take down the threat.''' ,'''I was re-watching 'E.T.' recently, and that scene where they're all around the pizza, bringing the pizza in, and gambling and stuff together, it's such an amazing tone, it's so rough, and nobody's really talking about anything, and it feels like you're in that room with them.''' ,'''The movies of our particular childhood were so great that it's almost impossible to recapture that magic, especially as adults.''' ,'''There's no such thing as good or bad dinosaurs. There are predators and prey. The T-Rex in 'Jurassic Park' took human lives and saved them. No one interpreted her as good or bad.''' ,'''Like a lot of people my age, I grew up on Amblin movies. They're a part of who I am as a filmmaker and, arguably, as a person.''' ,'''I feel like we've found an interesting little corner of the sandbox here as far as the way we're telling sci-fi stories. I don't think it's limited to sci-fi - I think anything fantastic can co-exist with people you and I know, and not these hyper-real movie people.''' ,'''There's a glee in building a world that is constructed on corporate synergy and all the luxuries of our modern life, and then just tearing it apart. I enjoy that!''' ,'''You get 12 years of childhood, give or take.''' ,'''I'm such a proponent of the theatrical experience and the cinematic experience, and we've reached this point where the magicians are not only giving away their tricks, but they're telling us how they're doing the tricks in advance before you even come to the magic show. It'd be nice to get a little of the mystery back in.''' ,'''My wife is French, and so I get to see America through her eyes, which informs a lot of little moments. It means I can poke fun at very particular things about us.''' ,'''There's scary stuff in 'Raiders of the Lost Ark.' There's some really nasty skeletons and dead bodies.''' ,'''I tell you, man, I'm every bit as a 'Star Wars' fan as anyone else.''' ,'''I had to travel into the future and direct 'Jurassic World' as myself in 20 years - and I did.''' ,'''I was not a kid who watched every movie. I watched a very small number of movies over and over again.''' ,'''I prefer to be scared in a way that a 12-year-old would want to be.''' ,'''I've said before, if you're going to earnestly sing a song around a campfire, you'd better be a Muppet!''' ,'''You really get to direct the movie three times when it comes to the action sequences and the set pieces.''' ,'''I love big movies, and I love big moments.''' ,'''The best of all kinds of movies are character-driven, and I definitely don't want to lose sight of why Derek and I started to write movies together in the first place.''' ,'''I didn't watch horror movies when I was a kid. I didn't watch any bad movies.''' ,'''I like very human stories that venture into sci-fi or the supernatural or areas that I think occupy a lot of space in our collective memory for the films that we loved as children.''' ,'''We're so surrounded by so much of this marketing and just being told on a regular basis that you have to like this, you will go here, you want this. I found that to me that fit perfectly into what a theme park of dinosaur would be about.''' ,'''I'm a horrible business person.''' ,'''I'm in a kind of weird position where I want to prove that I can do smaller movies.''' ,'''I don't believe that a female character needs to surrender her femininity in order to be an action hero.''' ,'''I don't know if I wanted to be Spielberg; I would never say that.''' ,'''For whatever reason, from a young age I've always been able to shoot images and cut them together with sound in a way that was very engaging.''' ,'''There's something really interesting about how human beings just want to see animals tear each other apart, maybe because we can't do it.''' ,'''I'm very interested in 3D.''' ,'''I thought Charlize Theron was awesome in 'Mad Max,' and that was a very masculine kind of hero.''' ,'''Where I live, in Vermont, there's this thing that women know about men, which is this disease: their childhood was so idyllic that nothing in the rest of their life can ever be satisfying. It's almost a plague.''' ,'''We're surrounded by wonder, and yet we want more, and we want it bigger, faster, louder, better.''' ,'''The public scrutiny element they don't teach you in film school. So few people are ever subjected to it.''' ,''''Jurassic Park' was able to get away with big, dynamic filmmaking that might be out of place in another kind of story.''' ,''''Intelligent Life' is kind of a companion piece to 'Safety Not Guaranteed.' Internally, it's a sci-fi romantic thriller.''' ,''''Jurassic Park' isn't about the bad luck of three people who keep getting thrown into the same situation.''' ,'''Now, everyone in movies is always rich, and they're always beautiful and graceful-looking.''' ,'''I've always been someone with a small circle of friends. Each stretch of my life has been defined by one person who was just my person. We became inseparable for a certain number of years, and that time was our season, just the two of us making our way through life.''' ,'''I read certain articles about how all of the new filmmakers are immediately being given massive tentpoles, and there's a lot of original movies that we have now lost as a result of this. I don't want to call it a fad because I think it's a good thing. I think the movies are better as a result.''' ,'''There's no need for a female character that does things like a male character; that's not what makes interesting female characters in my view.''' ,'''Small moments can coexist with big moments and even back right up against each other.''' ,'''Jake Johnson wanted to make clear that he was the great American actor, not just the funny guy on 'New Girl.'''' ,'''That's the thing about leaks: sometimes they aren't misinterpreted or false. They're real story elements that the filmmakers were hoping to introduce to the audience in a darkened movie theater.''' ,'''I was joking with my mom that all Jewish mothers now will want their kids to be filmmakers instead of doctors. Because you can make one film, and suddenly you're directing a 'Jurassic Park' movie.''' ,]
+++