+++
author = "Terry Mcauliffe"
title = "Terry Mcauliffe Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Terry Mcauliffe Quotes"
keywords = "terry mcauliffe,terry mcauliffe quotes,terry mcauliffe quote,terry mcauliffe sayings,terry mcauliffe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You help me, I'll help you. That's politics.''' ,'''You need money to get out your message.''' ,'''I would be remiss if I didn't praise Hillary for her excellent judgment in selecting my friend and fellow Virginian, Tim Kaine, to be the next Vice President of the United States!''' ,'''I wake up every morning singing 'The Star-Spangled Banner.'''' ,'''People ought to quit talking to the press.''' ,'''Running for president is a contact sport.''' ,'''I've always been an entrepreneur, but it's never been about the money. I like a challenge, the harder the better.''' ,'''There are too many guns in the hands of people that shouldn't have guns. There is too much gun violence in America.''' ,'''I've been called a lot of things.''' ,'''I've gone to China, bought a manufacturing company and moved it to America. Now China wants to buy back some of that new technology from me. That's a great story for America.''' ,'''Someone who lies about the little things will lie about the big things too.''' ,'''I want a president who will build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. A president who tackles global warming head-on and stands up for common sense solutions that keep guns away from dangerous people.''' ,'''Restoring the rights of individuals who have served their time and reentered society is the right thing to do. Virginia's felon disenfranchisement policy is rooted in a tragic history of voter suppression and marginalization of minorities, and it needs to be overturned.''' ,'''It is the Democrats who get the economic engine of this economy moving forward again.''' ,'''I'm always jacked up. I'm pumped up. It's just, I love life and I'm having fun.''' ,'''Everybody in this public arena makes statements and gets interpreted different ways.''' ,'''When I ran for governor, I talked about the disenfranchisement of voters. I talked about the history that we've had. We've had a horrible history here in Virginia going back to 1901 - the poll tax, literacy tests, disenfranchisement of felons. We're one of the worst four states in America on allowing people back in with voting rights.''' ,'''I started my first business at 14!''' ,'''Until we actually have people going out and voting, don't ever count anybody out.''' ,'''Anyone in politics would like to have great economic numbers.''' ,'''I've had many conversations with the Clinton family. We're friends. It's hard, very tough. I think on Election Day, everybody felt pretty good. I think the Trump campaign thought they were gonna lose.''' ,'''There is a visceral dislike of George Bush, and it's going to bring these guys together.''' ,'''People pigeonhole me - I'm known for raising more money than any man alive.''' ,'''As governor, I don't want my fair share. I want more than my fair share.''' ,'''I've done business with people I've met in politics, who I went to law school with, who I grew up with. Who do you do business with? People you meet in life.''' ,'''People can make any political calculation they want. I make decisions what I think is in the best interest.''' ,'''People say, 'In Washington, things can't get done.' We at the state level have to get it done. We don't have filibusters and kicking the can down the road - we don't have that luxury. We've gotta act, and we've got to keep our citizens safe. We've got to grow our economies and provide education and a transportation system that's efficient.''' ,'''I would like to be Pope if I could.''' ,'''People like to do politics with me, and they like to do business.''' ,'''One-third of Americans have already been forced to change their lifestyle because their disposable income is gone. A guy can't go to the corner bar after a rough day at work to have a beer, that's gone to oil!''' ,'''I always like to say, Bill Clinton created more millionaires and billionaires than any president, but you know what, more people moved out of poverty. Middle-class income - all-time high.''' ,'''I just operate on the assumption that all phone conversations are bugged.''' ,'''As the father of five children, with three daughters, I'm pretty fired up to have the first woman president of the United States.''' ,'''I'm a gun owner; I'm a hunter, but you know what? I went through background checks myself in order to get it.''' ,'''I've signed thousands of documents, but never read them.''' ,'''I stay away from issues.''' ,'''I invested in many companies, and I'm happy this one worked. This is capitalism. You invest in stock, it goes up, it goes down. You know, if you don't like capitalism, you don't like making money with stock, move to Cuba or China.''' ,'''When I decide to do something, I do it.''' ,'''Everyday is a new opportunity.''' ,'''I'm good at sales. I enjoy it.''' ,'''What the Internet was for the 1990s, green jobs are for the 2000s.''' ,'''I have big ideas. If you don't like them, don't vote for me.''' ,'''I could never drive in a great big car; people like me because I'm a man of the people, a hustler.''' ,'''People make mistakes in life. You shouldn't have to live with that for the rest of your life. I believe in redemption. I'm an Irish Catholic, and I just think it's the right thing to do.''' ,'''What the voters want to know is who is going to get out there, fight for them, and deal with the income gap that exists in the nation today.''' ,'''There is no place people can hide from me.''' ,'''I've known Hillary, and her husband Bill, for more than half of my life. I remember her playing mermaid in the pool with our youngest daughter Sally for hours on family vacations.''' ,'''I've got to have 25 balls in the air at the same time.''' ,'''I think sometimes Richmond, especially the House of Delegates, thinks too small... Richmond is not doing what needs to be done, forward thinking, big bold ideas.''' ,]
+++