+++
author = "Gerald Green"
title = "Gerald Green Quotes"
quotes_len = "96"
description = "the best 96 Gerald Green Quotes"
keywords = "gerald green,gerald green quotes,gerald green quote,gerald green sayings,gerald green saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''All I've been doing is shooting in my driveway and playing one-on-one with my Rottweiler.''' ,'''I do intend to achieve my education goals and obtain my college degree through distance programs.''' ,'''When I came out of high school, I was a little kid. I didn't understand the business.''' ,'''Things, for me in Boston, did not end badly.''' ,'''I want to retire here, man. The Suns gave me an opportunity to revive myself and why would I want to go anywhere?''' ,'''Don't get me wrong - any team in the league, I'm blessed to be on. But to be the team that you dreamed about as a little kid, it's just that much more special.''' ,'''As a player you do kind of see you might need to get something going. Maybe it's diving on the ball, diving on the floor for a loose ball. Or maybe it's something that'll just energize the team, a lob dunk or a great pass or a great defensive play or an open shot, anything.''' ,'''At times I was like, 'I'm too tired. I don't want to work out today.' I've been thinking about those moments. Looking back at the mistakes I did make, I wish I could do better.''' ,'''Even if I'm the 15th man on the bench, the first man off the bench, or I'm starting, I'm still part of that team.''' ,'''You've just got to go out there and compete hard every day.''' ,'''Instead of me going out and having eight shot attempts with six 3s, let me see if I can have just four 3s and attack the basket and try to get fouls and rebound better.''' ,'''Even before I made my high school team, I'd say I want to be a NBA player, and people laughed at me with, 'Get out of here, you ain't going to be a NBA player. You don't even play basketball.'''' ,'''I've hit my head on the rim a couple number of times, back in high school.''' ,'''I don't want to just shoot 3s. I'm not that type of player.''' ,'''I never failed a class. Never.''' ,'''It's been kind of tough, but tough people last.''' ,'''I kind of like being geeked up. I think that's the type of personality I have anyway.''' ,'''I get judged a lot. Maybe because of the way I talk, the way I look, I'm real quick to say a lot of stuff that maybe people don't understand because that's just me.''' ,'''People could tell me I was not good at something and, even if I wasn't, I told myself I was.''' ,'''They'll touch you and look at your skin to see if it's paint. I'm not playing. All Russia is not like that. You've got your big cities like Moscow, St. Petersburg. Some cities understand that there are black people. They do exist. But the smaller cities, the little villages, they've never seen it.''' ,'''I want to be that guy who stops players.''' ,'''I'll never be in a dunk contest again. I don't ever want to be a part of it.''' ,'''If I see somebody that's doing something good, I tell him, Hey, man, keep doing those things. Those things can make you be a great pro.'''' ,'''I was able to take some time off with my family, my friends, get a better look at what I can do to be a better player on the court. It's been a good little process for me.''' ,'''My son goes around shooting the basketball saying, 'Isaiah Thomas!'''' ,'''I think I have the ability to be athletic on both ends of the floor, so I just need to go out there and play with a lot of energy, a lot of enthusiasm.''' ,'''I'm just trying to look at everything as positive as I can to keep me motivated.''' ,'''I've seen young guys break down in those situations. They're cruising along, playing great, then their minutes get funky and they fall apart. Some of them never recover.''' ,'''I haven't done nothing in this league. Every day I come into practice or come into a game, I'm just trying to prove myself.''' ,'''I've been kind of thrown under the bus a few times in my career.''' ,'''I'm just getting a lot more opportunity than I got my second year in Phoenix. Here defensively with the Heat, I'm on a lot more tough defensive assignments. They trust me.''' ,'''You know the famous quote, sometimes you have to be ready so you don't have to get ready. I do a lot of things that, it's like, off the camera, that a lot of people don't see me do.''' ,'''I want to show people that I'm not what everybody thought I was.''' ,'''I cried after I woke up from surgery and saw that my finger was gone. I was looking at my hand, going, 'Where the hell is my finger at?'''' ,'''The teachers told me I wouldn't amount to anything because I was a bad kid. But I knew I could still hoop.''' ,'''My main goal is I want to win a ring.''' ,'''I'm all about winning. It doesn't matter if I start, or if I don't start, if I play or if I don't play. As long as we're winning, that's all I care about.''' ,'''I try to tell young guys - like, if I see a young guy pressing, I try to tell him to relax and play your game.''' ,'''I need to be more of a take-what-the-defense-gives-me player and not force the issue.''' ,'''It's not about individual stats but whatever I can do to help my team win, I'm going to do.''' ,'''I didn't understand a winning atmosphere until I got to Dallas.''' ,'''I'm never going to be a point guard, but you always have guards that get the rebound and take it coast-to-coast.''' ,'''I just got to try to go out there and let my game speak for itself.''' ,'''I didn't think I was going to school to be a doctor - no offense, but that wasn't me.''' ,'''I'm always looking at the ball and making sure it goes in. I'm not looking at where I'm at or what level I'm at in height.''' ,'''I'm not afraid to take big shots. I'm not afraid to take any type of shots.''' ,'''I think in Phoenix Phoenix is like the run and gun team. We used to do a drill where we'd try to score in the first seven seconds. We used to do that in practice.''' ,'''Most of my career, I've always kind of been off the bench, so, for me, it's not about if I start or not.''' ,'''I don't want to be remembered for dunks, even though that will probably happen.''' ,'''Anybody tells me I get a chance to rep Houston, I'm gonna rep it proud. It's all I've been wanting to do forever.''' ,'''I've always been a fighter in my life.''' ,'''Some nights you're going to have a lot of energy, some nights you're not. The great ones find energy from nothing.''' ,'''No team wanted me. No overseas team. Not even a D-League team.''' ,'''I have vets like Antoine Walker, Greg Buckner, Mark Madsen, and Michael Doleac who keep me motivated to want to get better.''' ,'''I think I did that in my career, in Boston and Miami, being ready to play and at the same time when your number is not called, be ready to support your teammates, go out and be productive while not playing.''' ,'''So, I just always try to prepare myself like I'm going to play even when I wasn't going to play. And when I wasn't playing, my thing is, I was always enjoying the team's success, always enjoying somebody else's success.''' ,'''Some days, I'm going to miss shots; some days, I'm not.''' ,'''I think you've gotta believe in yourself, I think you gotta put in a lot of work off the court to make sure you're ready.''' ,'''Not a day goes by that I don't think about my finger, but I don't really miss it.''' ,'''I go to Milwaukee, I get cut, that really put a funk in me. I'm like, 'Man, it's over for me. I can't even make it in training camp now?'''' ,'''Danny Ainge is a genius, man.''' ,'''I'm trying to go to the playoffs. That's my goal. Everything else is going to fall in place.''' ,'''I'm just so happy to be able to wear Celtics green again.''' ,'''I've been trying to figure out what mistakes I'm making defensively as far as help defensive stuff.''' ,'''When I signed with the Rockets, I just kind of felt like that was my calling card.''' ,'''I think my one-on-one defense is pretty good.''' ,'''Once I get in the game, I just feel like I have to give it my all.''' ,'''When you see the neighborhood that you grew up in being underwater, either you can sit down and look like everybody else, or you can get up and go try to help somebody that needs to be helped.''' ,'''For a long time, I played for me, for my career.''' ,'''My Rottweiler really don't talk much. He just bites.''' ,'''When things just get bad you can't quit, you just have to keep fighting.''' ,'''I feel like everybody makes mistakes defensively.''' ,'''I'm not an interior decorator. I just shoot 3s.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I'm a professional. I've got to continue to work hard.''' ,'''I just tried not to just quit. Because sometimes I did have a tendency to think that I would never be back I would never be wearing an NBA logo.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm pretty old. I think I do still got it, though.''' ,'''I'm me. I'm not into to all that GQ fashion.''' ,'''This is what I've dreamed about man. Putting this jersey on is a straight honor. Me being from Houston I'm giving it my heart and my everything because this is what I grew up watching and grew up wanting to be a part of. It's just an honor to play for this team.''' ,'''If I could palm a ball I probably could have more dunks than I have in my career, but I still can get the job done.''' ,'''I was honestly contemplating retirement. A lot of people don't know that, but I was done.''' ,'''Obviously, I don't want to be too emotional. I just kind of want to use my energy on the court so I can just be able to be effective on both ends of the floor.''' ,'''I don't really get excited about games any more because I don't know if I'm going to play.''' ,'''That's a great trade. I'd trade myself for Kevin Garnett.''' ,'''Once I went overseas and had this real motivation to get back, I was willing to do whatever it took to stick in this league, and that's what I did.''' ,'''Obviously I haven't been shooting the ball as well as I want to, so I just try to take it to the basket and be aggressive and try to make a play.''' ,'''I hate talking about the dunk contest. I'm just so sick of the dunk contest. I'm done with that. That point of my life I'm over with.''' ,'''You have a lot of guys who've been given opportunities in the league. I'm not one of those guys.''' ,'''I'm never going to stop because I had a bad game. I'm never going to stop because somebody thinks that I can't do something. I'm going to always play the way I feel I should play, because I wouldn't have got to here if I felt like I couldn't.''' ,'''I know this sounds arrogant or cocky or like I'm selling myself, but even on the court now, I don't think anybody can stop me. I just have that much confidence.''' ,'''Hopefully I can win a ring before it's all said and done. Hopefully they'll remember me as being a champion.''' ,'''A lot of times you get a good opportunity and it never comes again.''' ,'''I used to always hide my hand, I still do. I don't really like talking about it. Sometimes I still hide it and not even realize that I'm doing it.''' ,'''I'm always animated; I'm always kind of crunk.''' ,'''Scoring is easy for me.''' ,'''Certain games aren't going to be my game. Certain games aren't going to be other people's games. As long as we win with the main goal to make the playoffs, that's all that matters.''' ,'''Once you give up, you know you're done.''' ,]
+++