+++
author = "Jim Morrison"
title = "Jim Morrison Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Jim Morrison Quotes"
keywords = "jim morrison,jim morrison quotes,jim morrison quote,jim morrison sayings,jim morrison saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Music inflames temperament.''' ,'''Violence isn't always evil. What's evil is the infatuation with violence.''' ,'''The most loving parents and relatives commit murder with smiles on their faces. They force us to destroy the person we really are: a subtle kind of murder.''' ,'''I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown.''' ,'''Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.''' ,'''I am interested in anything about revolt, disorder, chaos-especially activity that seems to have no meaning. It seems to me to be the road toward freedom... Rather than starting inside, I start outside and reach the mental through the physical.''' ,'''Drugs are a bet with your mind.''' ,'''If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel.''' ,'''Where's your will to be weird?''' ,'''Each generation wants new symbols, new people, new names. They want to divorce themselves from their predecessors.''' ,'''People fear death even more than pain. It's strange that they fear death. Life hurts a lot more than death. At the point of death, the pain is over. Yeah, I guess it is a friend.''' ,'''Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.''' ,'''It's like gambling somehow. You go out for a night of drinking and you don't know where your going to end up the next day. It could work out good or it could be disastrous. It's like the throw of the dice.''' ,'''This is the strangest life I've ever known.''' ,'''I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments.''' ,'''Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws.''' ,'''Whoever controls the media, controls the mind.''' ,'''I see myself as an intelligent, sensitive human, with the soul of a clown which forces me to blow it at the most important moments.''' ,'''We fear violence less than our own feelings. Personal, private, solitary pain is more terrifying than what anyone else can inflict.''' ,'''I'm interested in anything about revolt, disorder, chaos, especially activity that appears to have no meaning. It seems to me to be the road toward freedom.''' ,'''When you make your peace with authority, you become authority.''' ,'''Film spectators are quiet vampires.''' ,'''The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask.''' ,'''Hatred is a very underestimated emotion.''' ,'''A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.''' ,'''Love cannot save you from your own fate.''' ,'''Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs.''' ,'''Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.''' ,'''Blake said that the body was the soul's prison unless the five senses are fully developed and open. He considered the senses the 'windows of the soul.' When sex involves all the senses intensely, it can be like a mystical experence.''' ,'''There are things known and things unknown and in between are the doors.''' ,'''Sex is full of lies. The body tries to tell the truth. But, it's usually too battered with rules to be heard, and bound with pretenses so it can hardly move. We cripple ourselves with lies.''' ,'''Listen, real poetry doesn't say anything; it just ticks off the possibilities. Opens all doors. You can walk through any one that suits you.''' ,'''I think in art, but especially in films, people are trying to confirm their own existences.''' ,'''The appeal of cinema lies in the fear of death.''' ,'''I like people who shake other people up and make them feel uncomfortable.''' ,]
+++