+++
author = "Jessie James Decker"
title = "Jessie James Decker Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jessie James Decker Quotes"
keywords = "jessie james decker,jessie james decker quotes,jessie james decker quote,jessie james decker sayings,jessie james decker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you're pregnant, make sure your husband rubs your feet - and your neck and your back and everything.''' ,'''I just don't really like going to the gym that much, and I love eating.''' ,'''I've never been a label-obsessed person. I indulge in shoes, but I rarely will ever buy full-price.''' ,'''My mom did this in the '90s. She'd put a bandana in her hair, cutoff jeans and throw flannel, and I just remember looking at her thinking she was the most beautiful supermodel ever.''' ,'''If I'm not feeling so hot during the day - maybe I couldn't sleep, and the kids are wearing me out, and I'm not feeling very cute - I might go and curl my hair and put on some lipstick and put some fun music on. And that builds my confidence. It's the small things. You have to find out what works for you.''' ,'''I get very angry when I'm hungry and there isn't time for lunch.''' ,'''Taking a walk here and there and eating healthy is great. But I also feel like confidence and body image have a lot to do with how you feel on the inside.''' ,'''I love nursing my babies. It's such a special bond for me.''' ,'''I keep it very no-makeup whenever I'm home.''' ,'''I'm a firecracker when it comes to my husband. I'm a stand by my man kind of girl.''' ,'''They say pregnancies can differ depending on whether you're carrying a girl or boy, so for me, I think having a little boy is definitely easier on my body - or I'm just better prepared!''' ,'''Eric and I just don't have drama. We're very happy.''' ,'''Women are strong, and we're way too hard on ourselves.''' ,'''I love to feel clean. Whenever I was touring and doing shows, the minute I was done, I would immediately shower, take off all my makeup, and put on my PJs.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong with people that have four or five kids, it's just not for us.''' ,'''You need to marry someone that is your soul mate, that you're obsessed with, and never ignore that.''' ,'''I'm such a foodie.''' ,'''Even if I didn't know Eric, I still think he would be my celebrity crush. He's so freakin' gorgeous.''' ,'''I think if you're a good person and spread happiness, good things will come to you!''' ,'''If anything gets in the way of me being a good mom or wife, I simply say no.''' ,'''What does get hard is when I'm put in the box of, 'Oh, she just woke up one day, did a reality show, and decided she wants to be a singer.' That's offensive, and it's not the case with me.''' ,'''Every single sport works out your body in a different way, and you can almost point out their bodies - like, that's a swimmer, that's a football player.''' ,'''I do have some songs where it is about my relationship with my husband, and it does get very personal.''' ,'''I have the happiest, most confident babies, and I know it's because they feel that strong love from their parents.''' ,'''It sounds cheesy, but if you feel good about yourself, it's going to show on the outside.''' ,'''I look back at pictures of myself in high school, and I was a cheerleader, and I had hair just as thick if not thicker and long - down to my hips.''' ,'''My cheat days are bread, bread, bread, and cookies. I love bread!''' ,'''I love being a mom. It's my favorite thing. If I had to give up everything and just be a mom, I would.''' ,'''Sometimes, men just need a little push. Men won't always be like, 'You are so beautiful. You look great today.' And sometimes women want to hear that.''' ,'''That's the great thing about women is they are multitaskers, and they can do it all.''' ,'''I used to write about experiences that a 20-year-old would write about - going out with your friends, having a drink. You know, things were a little bit sexier in a different way. Now, you know, I'm a mom, and I want to filter some of the things that I say.''' ,'''I watched 'Newlyweds' - that was my favorite reality show because I love Jessica Simpson. I'm obsessed with her.''' ,'''I moved all the time as part of a military family, and I just really did not have very many friends. I remember having these feelings of walking into a room and feeling that nobody likes me, or thinking, 'I'm going to have to sit alone at lunch again.'''' ,'''It's okay to be sad if things don't go the way you had hoped.''' ,'''I think we're such great parents together - I could not have picked a better partner to have kids with.''' ,'''For me, my one thing is eyelash extensions. I always have them on cause they just do all the work and let everything look better. If I have eyelash extensions on, I will put on some under eye concealer and maybe, like, an illuminating moisturizer and call it a day.''' ,'''Motherhood made me a better person.''' ,'''I'd rather look like a hobo and be super comfortable than wear something not comfortable.''' ,'''Pack lightly. If I'm anywhere a week or less, I carry on. I can fit everything I need in one small bag! And I pack small, mini liquids so TSA doesn't make me throw anything out.''' ,'''I signed with Big Yellow Dog and have been with them for years. The president of the company is a woman named Carla Wallace, who is an amazing publisher who just has a knack for female artists.''' ,'''I really was bullied badly in school.''' ,'''I think women sometimes stop flirting with their husbands, and you can't. Men want to want feel good - they want to feel like their women love them. When they come home from work, don't start nagging them with questions. Go up to them and give them a big kiss and ask them how their day was.''' ,'''I've always been that person who's struggled to find a swimsuit that I love.''' ,'''I always say you just need 20 minutes a day. That is it: 20 minutes to do really fast circuits, and you can bring some weights with you to work.''' ,'''I love our country so much. And we should all love and respect each other because this is the greatest country in the world. I see the love. I see the unity in all walks of life on a daily basis and It makes me so proud to be an American.''' ,'''I like to do heavy lifting, so it's a great thing to have meals that have a lot of protein to maintain that.''' ,'''I have containers and containers of clothes that I've hoarded in my attic, and I probably should give them away to give good use, but I am selfishly wanting to hold on it because I'm like, 'What if I need that?'''' ,'''My friends know I'm a really big movie buff, and I named Vivianne after a movie character. She was named after Vivianne Walker in 'Ya Ya Sisterhood.'''' ,'''I feel better now after two children - I think I look better; I feel better.''' ,'''I just love Italian, and I think, from being Italian, I just love Italian food.''' ,'''When I got married and when my sister got married, my mom made us both individual cooking books with all of our family recipes and pictures and kind of the history with our Sicilian family, so that was really special.''' ,'''I write in the weirdest places. I wrote 'Girl on the Coast' in my car with the kids in the back and Eric driving. I just wrote the whole thing on my phone. I just typed out the lyrics.''' ,'''I wanted to design clothes to help build confidence.''' ,'''For me, the best way to unwind at the end of the day while I'm pregnant is to take a nice, long soak. I get in my bathtub, download a show onto my computer, prop it up on a chair, and just lie there watching and relaxing.''' ,'''I work really hard, and have had many opportunities to give up and throw the towel in. But I never did.''' ,'''When I was pregnant with my daughter Vivianne, I gained 55 lbs. I was so swollen. I craved anything that would make any woman gain a ton of weight, and I was sick for five months straight.''' ,'''I always feel guilty when I want to go get my nails done or hair done because it takes time away, but I know moms need that alone time, too.''' ,'''I'll be honest: I naturally have a pretty good eyebrow shape. I always have. I would get made fun of when I was younger because they were so thick.''' ,'''I'm just a little energizer bunny. I just have a lot of energy.''' ,'''First time I ever sang was in a contest in Louisiana when I was 9. And I won yodeling.''' ,'''Every mom knows it's hard to take care of yourself while you're trying to take care of your children because, when you become a mother, you become so selfless.''' ,'''I was always meant to be a mom. As soon as I had my kids, it just felt so natural.''' ,'''I have always followed a healthy protein and lower-carb lifestyle.''' ,'''Being a mom has made me feel more like a grown-up. I was always a kid at heart. It makes me feel like I did my purpose in life.''' ,'''Red carpet is always fun, but you're never going to see me on the street or in the grocery store in 6-inch heels. But I am always going to have big, fabulous hair and makeup.''' ,'''For the most part, I keep it true to who I am with Southern, trendy, and comfortable looks. I like to bring that element when I go to places like Los Angeles and New York City because I know a lot of people have a set look there, and I like to be different, and I am still going to wear my Daisy Dukes and my denim overalls.''' ,'''When you have kids, it can be hard sometimes because you've got to find creative ways to spend time with each other. So with 'Lights Down Low,' I wanted to just write about all the things that we do to try to keep the love alive in creative ways, because you can't always go out on a date... but you can make a date at home.''' ,'''Having a family is just my fave altogether. I love having these babies that love you unconditionally. It's amazing to always have such strong love. I feel so fulfilled.''' ,'''For me, I feel like I'm slowly accomplishing what I've always wanted to do. I've always dreamed really big, and my mom planted that in all three of my siblings: 'You guys can do anything.'''' ,'''I think that people can have their hand in as many different things as they want. You've just got to put your mind to it and just do it.''' ,'''My mom is a beautiful, amazing woman. We didn't have a ton of money growing up, and even, at one point, we were living on food stamps. But my mom still managed to make sure we ate healthy and were always fed nutritious meals!''' ,'''I don't want anyone to ever feel they are alone and no one likes them, or to feel as insecure as I did.''' ,'''I always knew I was going to be a mommy, and because I came from a family of three kids, I always assumed I would have three!''' ,'''I'm really proud of 'Coming Home.' I wrote that about Eric, and I just feel like it's very relatable for anyone who has to be away from their loved ones, you know, for long periods of time - our military, people who are working. It's pretty special.''' ,'''If I'm in a hurry, I will have the South Beach Ricotta Muffins. Some mornings, I'll just have turkey bacon and scrambled eggs.''' ,'''For dinner, I'll grill chicken with asparagus and call it a day.''' ,'''I like being Southern; I like going to Cracker Barrel - I mean, that's just how I am.''' ,'''I make Eric pick up from this little local place in Nashville that has really good honey whole wheat bread. It's near where he works out in the morning, so I make him pick up a loaf, and the kids eat it, too. I'll just keep passing out toast all morning. The kids just walk around with crumbs everywhere; we don't care.''' ,'''I would have to say my favorite thing about hosting 'Redneck Island 4' was the cast. They were the most genuine, fun, and down-to-earth Southerners. They just reminded me of the kids I went to school with.''' ,'''I'm really in tune with my body and what it needs.''' ,'''I think I get my alone time when I have to go fly and do a work trip. After work's done, I go check into my hotel, and I get to have a few hours to myself to order room service and just be quiet and silent.''' ,'''I think the one I'm most proud of as a songwriter is 'Breaking Your Heart' because it was just a different style for me. It was very - I feel like it was very old-timey Patsy Cline. It's got a very '50s feel to it, and I pushed myself to write those lyrics very intimately with my co-writer Ted Bruner.''' ,'''I haven't gone hillbilly rich, where you spend everything you have.''' ,'''I'm going to be that little old lady that's just, like, walking around and just, like, full of energy, probably with bright red hair or something crazy.''' ,'''I love to hit the gym when I can. I usually work out three times a week and do circuit training.''' ,'''If you walk into the room, and you're smiling and have a pep in your step, people are going to be drawn to you. If you walk into a room and you're sad and you look insecure, it's bad energy.''' ,'''If I wasn't doing music, I would be a makeup artist.''' ,'''I do voices. I can sound like a man or cartoon character. I also have very believable Spanish and English accents.''' ,'''When I was younger, I was relying on those young-girl genetics. I wasn't watching what I was eating or looking at nutrition. Now I'm paying attention, and my body is leaner. I'm healthier. I'm eating better. I'm just in better shape.''' ,''''Gold' is about being appreciative and grateful of your life, your family, and the love in it.''' ,'''I'm not perfect, but I do my best.''' ,'''I worked as a belly dancer at a Greek restaurant senior year in high school.''' ,'''I have always loved fashion and feel it's another way to express my creativity. It's art and beauty combined.''' ,'''Eric has pro athletes on both sides of his family - plus, I used to play sports - so I'm sure our son will develop athletic ability.''' ,'''I always love pulling out my cut-offs. They're just my go-to. They're the most comfortable.''' ,'''Eric and I have a pact. Offseason, we focus on my career. And during the season, I try to be the best wifey. I make sure he has a warm dinner to come home to.''' ,'''I do make a really great bolognese, and the key is putting good 'ol wine in there.''' ,'''I hate those unrealistic goals that people place on women. It's just not right. It took us nine months to have our babies and put on this weight. I gained 55 pounds with my daughter, so I get it. It's tough. But you can't just pop out a baby and expect to be the size you were before. It just doesn't work like that.''' ,'''If you don't want to put on any makeup, try some fake eyelashes. They make your eyes pop and give you a little confidence boost.''' ,'''I think the best tip I've ever learned is contouring with a really light concealer under the eye around the nose. And then powdering over it immediately. It makes it stay and gives it a natural look.''' ,]
+++