+++
author = "Aishwarya Lekshmi"
title = "Aishwarya Lekshmi Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Aishwarya Lekshmi Quotes"
keywords = "aishwarya lekshmi,aishwarya lekshmi quotes,aishwarya lekshmi quote,aishwarya lekshmi sayings,aishwarya lekshmi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''After 'Njandukalude...' I had gone for an acting course in Mumbai as I felt the need to improve my acting skills.''' ,'''When I came into movies or acted in 'Njandukalude Natil Oridavela' and 'Mayaanadhi,' little did I expect such a huge response from the crowd. All I expected was to work with good filmmakers.''' ,'''I have been putting the effort. I went for the acting course, watched a lot of movies and started reading about films. I think that has created a sub-conscious impact.''' ,'''As part of modeling, I have acted in the advertisement films of popular brands. Then I got some offers from films.''' ,'''I feel happy to play strong women because, as an audience member, I feel such characters inspire women when they are down.''' ,'''Anyone who has watched 'Premam' in theaters would understand the camaraderie between the members on and off the screen and that's what translated to that brilliance.''' ,'''I won't call it pressure but I want to come out with a better movie every time. That kind of enthusiasm is what makes an artiste aim for more.''' ,'''After the complex characters in 'Mayaanadhi' and 'Varathan,' my characters in 'Vijay Superum Pournamiyum' and 'Argentina Fans Kaattoorkkadavu' were bubbly ones.''' ,'''I used to model while I was studying medicine.''' ,'''Dad used to accompany me to the sets. Soon, he realized there is nothing to worry about and now I am on my own.''' ,'''A feminist is a person who wants equal things for men and women, and I definitely believe in that. This doesn't mean I will degrade anyone. In our house, I want my mother and father to have equal importance and that's the only way to bring up a socially responsible child.''' ,'''I need to find out what kind of an actor I am and work on soft skills like dancing, singing and more.''' ,'''One need not be a Mother Teresa, but being kind and well-behaved with those around us can win people's hearts.''' ,'''I don't know how much I have improved as an actor. I think that is a constant process that should happen subconsciously.''' ,'''I am a person who is usually chilled and I wanted to try out different roles to know if I could do it.''' ,'''I want to be remembered by the characters I do.''' ,''''Maya Nadhi' is the best thing that has happened to me.''' ,'''I don't want to be a bad performer in a good film.''' ,'''The set of 'Mayaanadhi' had a positive vibe. The shooting was during the rainy season. There were interruptions; some days we could shoot only one shot. But, we were happy in whatever we did.''' ,''''Maya Nadhi' came soon after 'Njandu.' I auditioned twice, before being chosen. The shoot is so much fun and is a big training ground for a debutante like me.''' ,'''I really wanted to work with Aashiq Abu, as I have loved all his films.''' ,'''Though I had not been offered a truckload of projects post the release of 'Mayaanadhi,' the handful that came to me had brilliant female characters that were driving forces of the story.''' ,'''It is not like I want all my films to run for more than 100 days. But I can't stand it when my movie is criticized.''' ,'''I feel, other than physical attributes, which can be subjective, being good at your work makes anyone desirable. Being honest and kind with fellow beings is also appealing.''' ,'''I can easily gel with people.''' ,'''A career as an actor was never there in my wildest dreams and here I am getting such good roles and doing films that are so appreciated.''' ,'''I come from a very conservative background.''' ,'''I can't do method acting. I feel there is a different energy that comes when an actor is spontaneous.''' ,'''I am taking 2020 a bit slow... sometimes you need to restructure and re-strategise as an artiste for things to work well.''' ,'''Both my parents wanted me to excel academically, like every other parent. They wanted me to pursue my higher studies.''' ,'''I don't want to spoil the good name 'Mayaanadhi' has brought me. I am careful about selecting my next project and it's actually quite scary.''' ,]
+++