+++
author = "Harvey Korman"
title = "Harvey Korman Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Harvey Korman Quotes"
keywords = "harvey korman,harvey korman quotes,harvey korman quote,harvey korman sayings,harvey korman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''And I went to New York and died; for 10 years I walked those pavements. I can't think of New York without feeling uncomfortable and feeling like a failure.''' ,'''I wish there was something that - I get all those wonderful letters and wonderful acknowledgments, and I wish I could be more appreciative of what I do. But it's hard for me.''' ,'''I played Hamlet, I played Chekhov and Ibsen and all the classics.''' ,'''I got canceled in the middle of making the pilot.''' ,'''I mean, we had on our show, we had marriages, divorces and other stuff going on. And that was just me.''' ,'''Although in Abbott and Costello, and straight man was first. That's a very interesting concept.''' ,'''Then I got out of the service, and I was going to be a Shakespearean actor.''' ,'''They say it's good but I didn't know what I was doing until I got into the suit and they put the moustache on me, and somehow, when I got all the drag on, it came out. It was the most amazing thing. I'm truly extraordinary.''' ,'''Funny is when you're serious.''' ,'''And it's tough traveling. You know, the hotels and the airports and all that. That part, eating and getting around to the hotel room and then going on.''' ,'''You have to have a certain persona to be a star, you know, and I don't have that. I'm a banana.''' ,'''But there's a lot of 50's and a lot of boomers and a lot of kids in their 30's that grew up with us.''' ,'''I went to the Goodman School of Drama in Chicago.''' ,'''You asked what is the secret of a really good sketch. And it is a sketch is a small play. It's got a beginning, and a middle and an end. It should have a plot; it should have the characters, conflict. It is a little play. And in it, will be funny stuff.''' ,'''I'm not a star.''' ,]
+++