+++
author = "Kimiko Glenn"
title = "Kimiko Glenn Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Kimiko Glenn Quotes"
keywords = "kimiko glenn,kimiko glenn quotes,kimiko glenn quote,kimiko glenn sayings,kimiko glenn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was born and grew up in Phoenix, and I left there when I was 17 to go to Interlochen Arts Academy - a boarding school in Michigan - for a year, and then I went to college for a year at The Boston Conservatory and landed the 'Spring Awakening' tour midway through my freshman year, which was pretty cool.''' ,'''I was kind of an obnoxious kid. I would imitate Celine Dion. I would jump around and belt to the rafters and do the accent and everything.''' ,'''When I think back on high school, I always tried to make silly videos with my friends.''' ,'''I'm actually more German than Scottish. I'm half-Japanese, 25 percent German, 12 percent Scottish, and 12 percent Irish.''' ,'''I'm a carb-y person. I love pastries and whatnot.''' ,'''I come from a theater background, so usually, at the start, you know what happens and where the character goes and everything. But with TV, it's really unpredictable.''' ,'''Thinking back on it, I just really didn't have very many role models to look up to when it came to Asian actresses. And in that way, when I would see an Asian onscreen, it would be a secondary-type thing, and that's kind of how I ended up viewing myself in the world: as secondary.''' ,'''The theme song of 'Doug' was my ringtone once for literally a year.''' ,'''I really loved to sing all the time, and I was constantly entertaining. Finally, my dad saw an article in the local newspaper in Phoenix, and it was for a children's theater, an audition for 'Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.'''' ,'''There aren't as many roles, and I think there's a lack of openness in casting an Asian character in a leading role or unless they're a stereotype. It's been hard. I've been able to play some non-stereotypical roles, which is great, but I have a lot of Asian actor friends who are struggling.''' ,]
+++