+++
author = "Harley Race"
title = "Harley Race Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Harley Race Quotes"
keywords = "harley race,harley race quotes,harley race quote,harley race sayings,harley race saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I started wrestling when I was 15 years old, and back when I was world champion, I was wrestling 7 nights a week.''' ,'''It is my hope to teach my students how to work a match and at the same time put on an entertaining show that you aren't embarassed to bring your kids to.''' ,'''Anytime you do anything with Ric Flair, it's kind of a strange and different atmosphere until you know that's what he's going to do, and it couldn't be any better. Besides myself, he was probably the next in line as it pertains to credibility in the wrestling world.''' ,'''I knew Randy right from day one when he started wrestling. I helped him put together that image of the Macho Man. He had a way about him. He grabbed your attention through his voice. That allowed him to present himself as a type of a character.''' ,'''I've been in this business since I was 15 years old and will continue to be in it until I say I'm done.''' ,'''Being world's champion is what I set out in life to do. I'm one of the few people on earth that can say they completed, in every aspect, what they wanted to do with their life.''' ,'''I was the guy who would go out and do whatever he needed to do, no matter what.''' ,'''You do what I did to my body, for as long as I did, and it's bound to take its toll.''' ,'''I was a wrestling-style champion, and the Hulkster was a talking-style.''' ,'''The Hart Family is as good of a family as there ever was on the face of the earth, and they've got a lot of kids that were involved in the wrestling part of it.''' ,'''I've wrestled on every continent but Antarctica and in every country in the world except for China and the U.S.S.R.''' ,'''The only difference between baseball guys or football guys and wrestling guys is that when you go to the game, you see a team out on the field wearing uniforms. In wrestling, you see a two-thirds naked guy up real close.''' ,'''The world changes, and if you don't go with the change, you're left behind.''' ,'''No one knows when the man up above wants to call your name.''' ,'''I just wanted to stay Harley Race in the wrestling world, worldwide, and that is what I did for a long time.''' ,'''I think having the King of the Ring on television can only help with the importance of matches and help wrestling.''' ,'''I wrestled Roddy quite a few times when he was first coming up in the business. I would go to Canada and wrestle up in that area, and you would be involved with him, too. Piper's a good guy.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong - I like to look at the ladies as much as the next guy. But what in the hell do they do they have to do with wrestling? Nothing.''' ,'''Any time you are in a position where your peers plus the people who paid your bills all your life are honoring you, it doesn't get a hell of a lot better than that.''' ,'''My training camp has always been been something I have looked forward to every year.''' ,'''Ricky Steamboat was one of the premier talents to ever be in this business and was one of the very best to have ever stepped in the ring.''' ,'''When you get down to it, wrestling is wrestling, and when you get in the ring and start performing, it's up to you and the guy you're in there with to do it and perform it.''' ,'''I was world's champion in every aspect of the life. Whether it was sitting in a steak house eating a steak or getting onto the edge of the ring with two or three people standing there, it was all the same to me. I was world's champion, and for that reason, I was world's champion.''' ,]
+++