+++
author = "Fred"
title = "Fred Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Fred Quotes"
keywords = "fred,fred quotes,fred quote,fred sayings,fred saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Gilberto is a top guy and his advice means a lot to me. He played in the same position as I do and he won the Premier League, so I look to him for inspiration, I listen to what he has to say and I take on board what he tells me.''' ,'''My father signed me up for football training when I was only four and my grandfather also used to take me.''' ,'''A great coach like Guardiola and a great team like City... I would develop a lot with them.''' ,'''I have dreams of playing in major clubs in Europe.''' ,'''Neymar is a great player, it is so difficult to mark him.''' ,'''When I got to Ukraine the league was strong.''' ,'''I feel really grateful to the Man United fans and whenever I'm on the pitch I'll aim to do my best for all the fans to get the win and make them happy.''' ,'''I always watched a lot of English football. It has always been really strong.''' ,'''Passing is one of my main objectives in the game and when I make a lot of passes I'm happy.''' ,'''It's normal, of course, a process of adaptation to a different league.''' ,'''We are all friends here at United. But it is good to feel that everyone wants a spot in the starting XI.''' ,'''I know all young players have to work hard.''' ,'''For a club like Manchester United, it's not a good season without a title.''' ,'''All I ever wanted was to play regularly and now that I'm doing that, there's no doubt my confidence is higher and that helps any player.''' ,'''My body is my work tool, right?''' ,'''England is the most competitive league in the world.''' ,'''I am the kind of guy who you'll always see smiling. My childhood was like this. I had a lot of fun. We had a bad environment, but we also learned how to cope with it.''' ,'''Obviously I'm not happy when I miss the passes so I look to get that right. I work very hard on that.''' ,'''That's what Brazilians are like - we're always having a laugh, we're always smiling, and my aim is to bring this spirit into the dressing room and onto the pitch, to play with a smile on my face.''' ,'''I have always been an extremely professional guy with everything.''' ,'''Solskjaer is our teacher and does a good job.''' ,'''I'm very happy at Shakhtar.''' ,'''There are many Brazilians standing out in the Premier League.''' ,'''We have to shut up and work on the pitch.''' ,'''I'm very grateful to all my family, especially my mum of course.''' ,'''I would never do anything that would harm me, and I am totally against using any kind of resource, illicitly, to benefit myself in any way.''' ,'''Anderson is a really lively guy, a really cheerful guy.''' ,'''I think my ideal position is to join the attack a bit more like I did at Shakhtar. I played more as a box-to-box midfielder, so I played a little bit further forward.''' ,'''My personal aim is to play a lot of games, put in great performances, do my best to help the team. Not get injured, obviously.''' ,'''Michael Carrick helps me a lot day-to-day. We always talk and he tries to help me with my positioning on the field. He's someone who always talks to me, which is important for adapting my football to the Premier League.''' ,'''I was delighted to be called back into the Brazil squad. I think it was one of the most exciting moments of my life, just because of everything I had been through and it feeling like I had been given a second chance.''' ,'''Gilberto was a top midfielder who played for Arsenal. But he has a lot of respect for Manchester United, who are obviously a big club here in England. He praised the club a lot and, after he was granted the opportunity to speak to Jose Mourinho and other senior figures at United, we made the decision together for me to come here.''' ,'''In the Premier League it is difficult, the midfield is very congested; there is a lot of pressure and the game is very fast. So it's hard for you to spend a lot of time with the ball; you have to be very fast, you have to think long before the ball reaches you.''' ,'''When you play at a big club, there will always be competition - I'm used to it. It's been like that from day one at United.''' ,'''I have a big heart.''' ,'''I think I am strong on the field, I am versatile, I can play in several midfield positions. Some coaches like that, it grabs their attention, it is a big deal for me.''' ,'''I'm really happy to be working with Jose Mourinho. He's a great person and he's always keen to communicate with the squad and help people to be communicative regarding what they're to do on the pitch.''' ,'''It's hard to pick out a single team, because there are so many big games here in the Premier League, obviously there are the top teams like Liverpool, City, Chelsea, I think those big games, the 'big six' are always good. We always look forward to them, we all want to be on the pitch and to win them.''' ,'''I suffered a lot of criticism from the press and the fans, but I always kept motivating myself, working. I never dropped the shuttlecock.''' ,'''I like to read what people are saying about my performances. With that, I can try to get better.''' ,'''For me, I think the toughest player I came up against was Messi; he's out of this world, he's a genius. For me he's the best in the world, a great player and I think he's the toughest opponent I've played against.''' ,'''We need to treat all games equally and go after the wins because we need to keep improving.''' ,'''Sometimes it is good to hear criticism because you are more attentive.''' ,'''When the fixture list is released, while you're on holiday, wherever it is in the world, it reminds you and it makes you hungry to play again.''' ,'''I just want to continue doing what I'm doing, playing well and starting the games - but I want to score, too.''' ,'''Guardiola is a great manager, but I chose to join another great manager, Mourinho, at United.''' ,'''It's an honour to grab the attention of great coaches in Europe, from Manchester and from our own national team.''' ,'''I know my job is not to score goals, but when I'm scoring goals I'm very happy.''' ,'''I managed to do some classes in Ukraine but people there didn't really speak English. They spoke Russian so that's what I learned there.''' ,'''I'm looking to show the best of my abilities every day and to work to improve, and that means working to play well and put in good performances in the Premier League and with Manchester United to achieve great things and win titles.''' ,'''I have changed a few things since playing in Europe, and for the better.''' ,'''It's an honour to be on the radar of great European coaches.''' ,'''I like Manchester. My family are here and they like it too.''' ,'''Manchester United is a huge club. When I was young, it was a name I used to hear and it was a name I used to see on computer games and I used to play with the team.''' ,'''The English league is difficult and has lots of big clubs but I think the derbies are the best games to play so, when we see the fixture list, we look at those games first.''' ,'''I don't think anyone likes to draw very much, we will always go in to win.''' ,'''It would be a dream to follow Fernandinho's footsteps, because he is my role model.''' ,'''My wife talks a lot with Fernandinho and Ederson's wives.''' ,'''Unfortunately, defeats are part of the game.''' ,'''My family have always supported me to develop my football.''' ,'''I used to watch United, Manchester City, Chelsea and Arsenal, when Gilberto Silva used to play there.''' ,'''You will not build a team with 11 players.''' ,'''My mum left her job to allow me to pursue my dreams, coming along with me. But the person who really inspired me was my grandfather. He'll always have a very special place in my heart.''' ,'''Because I was called a flop ever since I got here, my only intention is to be part of Manchester United's history.''' ,'''Everybody wants to be in the World Cup.''' ,'''We want to win the Europa League.''' ,'''Fonseca allows me to play both offensively and defensively, and my main task is to change the direction of attacking moves.''' ,'''I played for Atletico and Internacional and then moved to Ukraine with Shakhtar Donetsk. My family supported me a lot and I'm very thankful for them.''' ,'''When people hear a footballer speaking, they can think about it and maybe even reconsider the prejudices they have.''' ,'''From my personal observations, the Spanish style of play, with a large number of passes, is somewhat similar to the Brazilian one.''' ,'''I don't say that there is a lot of difference between Fred from Shakhtar and Manchester, we are adapting. Here at United, I score a little more, I improved a lot. I think that is the main difference.''' ,'''I know that I have to run all the game and don't stop or I will be useless to the team.''' ,'''I'm really happy to have got married and, thanks to Manchester United, I was able to get my whole family together with my wife on the day.''' ,'''You need a strong squad.''' ,'''Ole has helped me a lot. He had a lot of chats with me.''' ,'''I really like Kante, I admire him, he's a guy who plays great football.''' ,'''We are all the same regardless of skin colour, hair and gender. We came from the same place and we all go to the same place when it's all said and done.''' ,'''I was even treated as a 'flop,' a contract that doesn't pay. But I kept working my best.''' ,'''It's a huge club with great history and it's a real honour to perform for United.''' ,'''For me, Manchester United means greatness.''' ,'''We can't choose who we play against.''' ,'''I'm learning day by day.''' ,'''I have already worked Dunga. He helped me at Internacional, making me a more defensive midfielder. But I can play as a first or second midfielder, like I do at Shakhtar.''' ,'''Personally, I'm happy how I played in my first 'clasico' against Liverpool.''' ,'''Some critics are pointless - but many can offer me lessons.''' ,'''If people criticise, you have to keep working.''' ,'''It's been a bit of a difficult start for me at United because I have not been playing so much. I had a lot of games in Shakhtar, but it's a little bit different here.''' ,'''Pogba is a great player.''' ,'''It's very good for a 22-year-old player to feature in a Copa America.''' ,'''You need to start games strongly and finish them strongly.''' ,'''Son is another guy that I admire a lot.''' ,'''Versatility, quality, good passing... I think all that catches coaches' eyes.''' ,'''When everyone has the same goal, that's when we'll move forward.''' ,'''Foreign football is different and it has helped me evolve and mature, improving my attitude.''' ,'''To work with Jose Mourinho, who has won so many trophies in his time as a coach, is an opportunity not to be missed.''' ,'''When I was 10 I started playing for Atletico Mineiro and that was the start of my professional career.''' ,'''If we don't believe in ourselves, who else will?''' ,'''I want to be a big player and be part of the history of Man United. I already am, but I want to make history here at the club and to win some trophies, so that is my goal at Man United.''' ,'''The Ukrainian league isn't as strong as the Premier League.''' ,]
+++