+++
author = "John C. Bogle"
title = "John C. Bogle Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 John C. Bogle Quotes"
keywords = "john c. bogle,john c. bogle quotes,john c. bogle quote,john c. bogle sayings,john c. bogle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Don't look for the needle in the haystack. Just buy the haystack.''' ,'''The market is often stupid, but you can't focus on that. Focus on the underlying value of dividends and earnings.''' ,'''Every winter my wife and I take a week off and go to a resort in Florida.''' ,'''There is almost no limit to the ability of investors to ignore the lessons of the past.''' ,'''I love the English language. Words have power.''' ,'''If we wanted something, we had to earn it.''' ,'''Enjoy the magic of compounding returns. Even modest investments made in one's early 20s are likely to grow to staggering amounts over the course of an investment lifetime.''' ,'''New ideas that fly in the face of conventional wisdom of the day are always greeted with doubt and scorn, even fear.''' ,'''Investing is not nearly as difficult as it looks. Successful investing involves doing a few things right and avoiding serious mistakes.''' ,'''Being an entrepreneur is not for the faint of heart. It is a high-risk, high-reward proposition.''' ,'''I almost hate to say how proud I am of my career and, most of all, helping folks get the returns they deserve.''' ,'''They were tough times and I started working when I was 10 years old, delivering papers and eventually becoming a waiter.''' ,'''The rewards of my life have been great. I built a company; I left things better than I found them. I have a good reputation. I put the Vanguard shareholders and crew first. That's a huge thing.''' ,'''Central to the effective functioning of early capitalism was the fundamental principle of trusting and being trusted.''' ,'''The basic idea of retirement income is, to me, to get a check, two checks every month, one from your fixed income and one from equity account. And you want them to grow over time.''' ,'''The driving force of any profession includes not only the special knowledge, skills and standards that it demands, but the duty to serve responsibly, selflessly and wisely, and to establish an inherently ethical relationship between professionals and society.''' ,'''We make too much out of past performance, and it's very misleading to investors. It causes them to move money around. They buy a fund that's hot and then it turns cold as all hot funds eventually do. And then they get out. Well, buying at the high and selling at the low isn't going to leave you a satisfied shareholder, right?''' ,'''Never underrate the importance of asset allocation.''' ,'''I was never the type who had a particular ambition. I had friends in college who would say, 'I want to be a vice president by the time I'm 35 years old.' A lot of people had these career plans. I didn't have any. I thought if I did my best, good things would happen.''' ,'''I don't like going into stores, I don't like the whole process of buying things.''' ,'''Net return is simply the gross return of your investment portfolio less the costs you incur. Keep your investment expenses low, for the tyranny of compounding costs can devastate the miracle of compounding returns.''' ,'''It seems to me - particularly for these retirement-plan investors, the vast majority of whom are not particularly financially sophisticated - by far the best way is to invest in index funds.''' ,'''Working for company X and having a substantial portion of your retirement plan in company X is simply exposing yourself to too much risk, because the company is both your employer and the source of your retirement income. So if something goes wrong, you lose both your job and your retirement plan.''' ,'''It is the power of words and books - explaining and dramatizing great ideas and articulating high ideals - that is the greatest weapon in the missionary's arsenal.''' ,'''Time is your friend; impulse is your enemy.''' ,'''When you're young, you've got plenty of time to recover from your mistakes.''' ,'''If the fluctuations in your investment portfolio are reduced, the impact of emotions and behavior on your account is also reduced.''' ,'''We do some things for family reasons. If it's not consistent, well, life isn't always consistent.''' ,'''I would always advise young people to follow their star - not my star. They have to live their own life. If they decide they want to go into the investment business, do it, but make it a better business than it is today.''' ,'''In an ideal world, Adam Smith-like, individuals would recognize what they need to do in their own self-interest, and they will make changes happen and look after themselves.''' ,'''My incentive in starting Vanguard, I'm very blunt about this, it was my means of preserving my career. That's a very selfish thing.''' ,'''In investing, you get what you don't pay for. Costs matter. So intelligent investors will use low-cost index funds to build a diversified portfolio of stocks and bonds, and they will stay the course. And they won't be foolish enough to think that they can consistently outsmart the market.''' ,'''The culture of the mutual fund industry, when I came into it in 1951, was pretty much a culture of fiduciary duty and investment, with funds run by investment professionals. The firm I worked with, Wellington Management Co., they had one fund. That was very typical in the industry... investment professionals focused on long-term investing.''' ,'''Eliminate emotion from your investment program.''' ,'''Nothing is simpler than owning the stock market and holding it forever, and that's essentially the idea behind the index fund.''' ,'''I like Burton Malkiel's 'A Random Walk Down Wall Street.' He comes to the same conclusion that I do - that indexing is the way. My 'Little Book of Common Sense Investing' says pretty much the same thing.''' ,'''I think high turnover is definitively the investor's enemy, so you don't want to bring a high-turnover philosophy to this business. You want to have a long-term philosophy.''' ,'''As I have said before, the daily machinations of the stock market are like a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.''' ,'''The average hedge fund manager is going to earn zero per cent in extra return.''' ,'''What indexing does is neutralize a large part of the stock market. There's no trading in those stocks, or almost none.''' ,'''If the job of capitalism is to create wealth for those who put up the capital, no fund group comes close to Vanguard's success in serving its owners. So we're probably as far away from communism as is realistically possible.''' ,'''A fiduciary standard means, basically, put the interests of the client first. No excuses. Period.''' ,'''I've been studying mutual funds since 1949, when I began researching my senior thesis at Princeton University.''' ,'''I learned you work for what you get, and I feel sorry for people who haven't had that upbringing.''' ,'''When our financial system - essentially our money managers, marketers of investment products and stockbrokers - put up zero percent of the capital and assume zero percent of the risk yet receive fully 80% of the return, something has gone terribly wrong in our financial system.''' ,'''There's no perfection in family life, and certainly we aren't perfect, but we're probably about as close as we can be.''' ,'''Invest as efficiently as you can, using low-cost funds that can be bought and held for a lifetime.''' ,'''The stock market is a giant distraction from the business of investing.''' ,'''Diversification has been, and balance, like Wellington, has been so drummed into me, it's part of my personality.''' ,'''At the beginning of my sophomore year at Princeton University, I took my first economics course; our textbook was the first edition of Samuelson's 'Economics: An Introductory Analysis.'''' ,'''The grim irony of investing is that we investors as a group not only don't get what we pay for, we get precisely what we don't pay for.''' ,'''Glen Weyl is a good friend of mine.''' ,'''I liked the so-called Volcker Rule. I would have separated investment banking and commercial, deposit banking, as we did under the Glass-Steagal Act. I would have brought back Glass-Steagal.''' ,'''The index fund always gives you the market return.''' ,'''My grandfather was a wealthy and respected merchant in Montclair, New Jersey, where I was born. But his estate was wiped out in the Great Depression, and as a result, I had what I consider the ideal upbringing: We were a proud family, good citizens, and we didn't have a sou.''' ,'''When a door closes, if you look long enough and hard enough, if you're strong enough, you'll find a window that opens.''' ,'''I spend about half of my time wondering why I have so much in stocks and about half wondering why I have so little.''' ,'''I don't see any magic in hedge funds.''' ,'''Mutual funds with superior performance records often falter.''' ,'''In my long experience, one thing I know is that truth is elusive.''' ,'''If you were to just design the perfect retirement plan, you would own the stock market or you would own the bond market. You would get all the costs or all that you possibly could out of the system. So on an annual basis, if the market went up 8 percent, you would get 7.8 or 7.9 percent.''' ,'''I built a career out of knowing what I don't know.''' ,'''I've usually used the phrase 'stay the course' as one of the great rules of investment success.''' ,'''The long-term focus of index funds is a much needed counterweight to the short-termism favored by so many market participants.''' ,'''Vanguard never would have happened if I hadn't been fired as CEO of Wellington Management Company, the firm that did the investing for the Wellington fund and eight sister funds.''' ,'''I had done some work on index funds in my senior thesis at Princeton in 1951.''' ,'''Wise investors won't try to outsmart the market.''' ,'''It occurs to me that, after the huge output of writing I've produced over the years, there is a close link between my twin careers as investment executive and financial writer: The power of the word and the power of the book have played a major role in turning my vision... into reality.''' ,'''I would advise someone who has just retired to be something in the broad range of 50/50 stocks and bonds.''' ,'''Investing is a virtuous habit best started as early as possible.''' ,'''Successful investing is all about common sense.''' ,'''Regardless of what happens in the markets, stick to your investment program. Changing your strategy at the wrong time can be the single most devastating mistake you can make as an investor.''' ,'''I seek the truth.''' ,'''While we would typically encourage young people to start saving for the future as early as possible, it's unlikely that a budding entrepreneur will be able to do so. The entrepreneur will need every bit of capital available for the business, which will likely crowd out personal savings.''' ,'''Our financial system is driven by a giant marketing machine in which the interests of sellers directly conflict with the interests of buyers.''' ,'''My father's money vanished in the Great Depression, and he had trouble keeping a job.''' ,'''While the interests of the business are served by the aphorism 'Don't just stand there. Do something!' the interests of investors are served by an approach that is its diametrical opposite: 'Don't do something. Just stand there!'''' ,'''If you put nothing away for retirement, I can tell you, to the last penny, how much you will have when you retire: nothing.''' ,'''I'm not sure I really am an entrepreneur. I'm not much of a businessman. I know I'm not a marketing guy. I do have an entrepreneurial lineage, though.''' ,'''My favourite holdings are Vanguard's Wellington Fund, a balanced mutual fund which is a legacy investment from my first career at Wellington Management Co., and the Vanguard 500 Index Fund.''' ,'''The malfeasance and misjudgments by our corporate, financial and government leaders, declining ethical standards, and the failure of our new agency society reflect a failure of capitalism.''' ,'''I tend to give to those who have helped me along the road of life: Blair Academy, Princeton University, our church, and several hospitals that got me here in one piece. On the community side, I've always been a big supporter of the United Way.''' ,'''Have rational expectations for future returns and avoid changing those expectations in response to the ephemeral noise coming from Wall Street.''' ,'''I think average investors should not trade a lot. The evidence is overpowering. The more you trade, the less you earn.''' ,'''My only regret about money is that I don't have more to give away.''' ,'''There no longer can be any doubt that the creation of the first index mutual fund was the most successful innovation - especially for investors - in modern financial history.''' ,'''The reality of life is, if you have a bagel shop and everybody is pouring into the doughnut shop across the street, if you want to stay in business, you start selling doughnuts.''' ,'''We must work to establish a 'fiduciary society,' where manager/agents entrusted with managing other people's money are required - by federal statute - to place front and center the interests of the owners they are duty-bound to serve.''' ,'''Entrepreneurs or international conglomerateurs, or large financial institutions buy or create mutual fund management companies to create a return on their own capital. It's capitalism at work, where the rewards tend to go to the managers rather than the investors.''' ,'''U.S. companies are innovative and entrepreneurial.''' ,'''With actively managed funds, people have big behavior problems. With funds that have done well, they put their money in, and when it has done bad, they want to take it out.''' ,'''I do think that impact investing is not that effective. Shares go from investor A to investor B, and the company doesn't even know it. It's inevitably an ineffective way to communicate to the company your feelings.''' ,'''We have moved from treating funds as investment trusts designed to serve their owner-beneficiaries to treating funds as consumer products, designed to attract the largest possible assets. This new approach has ill-served the interests of fund shareholders.''' ,'''The Vanguard Experiment was designed to prove that mutual funds could operate independently, and do so in a manner that would directly benefit their shareholders.''' ,'''Well, I like regulation as little as anybody else. It can be intrusive. It can be detailed. It can be bureaucratic. It can be unevenly administered. It can be unfair. But most regulations that we have for mutual funds and for banks are regulations that we earned. We did something wrong and we're paying a price for it.''' ,'''The best rule for philanthropy is to give until it hurts, as much as you can, because none of us can get through life all by ourselves.''' ,'''Well, bitcoin is a currency. Bitcoin has no underlying rate of return. You know, bonds have an interest coupon. Stocks have earnings and dividends. Gold has nothing, and bitcoin has nothing. There is nothing to support the bitcoin except the hope that you will sell it to somebody for more than you paid for it.''' ,'''There is no country like the United States, with its diversified industrial base, technology leadership, innovation and strong pressure to build companies to make them grow.''' ,'''There's no such thing as wealth without risk.''' ,'''What we need is congressional action to establish a federal principle of fiduciary duty - encapsulated by the phrase 'no man can serve two masters.'''' ,]
+++