+++
author = "Kathryn Prescott"
title = "Kathryn Prescott Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Kathryn Prescott Quotes"
keywords = "kathryn prescott,kathryn prescott quotes,kathryn prescott quote,kathryn prescott sayings,kathryn prescott saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My parents were always pretty free with me. They were of the school of thought that if you really cramp down on someone and tell them not to do all these things, it's gonna become like forbidden fruit.''' ,'''The great thing about 'Skins' is that it's not '90210.' We don't have to look stick-thin and ripped. Those shows send out the wrong messages by showing body-perfect people but not mentioning that they spend four hours a day in the gym to look that way.''' ,'''I know people who have been without a home for ages, and lots of my friends are sofa surfing because they are in between jobs or saving for degrees and other studies - paying £500 rent every month is just not feasible for them.''' ,'''Hopefully I won't be 35 still playing a 16-year-old.''' ,'''I was at college studying psychology, philosophy, textiles and drama. But because I wasn't one of those all-singing, all-dancing stage-school kids, I just assumed I'd never become an actor.''' ,'''I don't have a type looks-wise, but all my exes have been funny, open-minded and ambitious. I can't stand men with no passion in life.''' ,'''When you hear someone say something homophobic, it really ages them. It sounds old-fashioned.''' ,'''I actually hate reality TV! I know people love it, but when I watch, I'm analytical, and I'm like, 'This can't be real because of the camera position! And I see the cuts!'''' ,'''The reason most people get eating disorders is because they want to be skinny, but they do it stupidly, and they stop eating completely - nobody knows anything about nutrition or exercise. I think it should be a separate subject in school.''' ,'''These people living on the streets could have been friends you once knew. They are people who have somehow fallen through the gaps and found themselves, often through unimaginable circumstances, on the cusp of existence. In another reality, this could easily be me or you.''' ,'''Just because we don't recognise someone from an area of our own lives, somehow it has become easy to simply ignore them and walk away.''' ,'''If you're an actor, you're at the mercy of a script. You've got far more control if you're the photographer.''' ,]
+++