+++
author = "David Green"
title = "David Green Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 David Green Quotes"
keywords = "david green,david green quotes,david green quote,david green sayings,david green saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Coming from a family of preachers, the idea of giving back has been part of my life as long as I can remember.''' ,'''It is by God's grace and provision that Hobby Lobby has endured. Therefore, we seek to honor God by operating the company in a manner consistent with biblical principles.''' ,'''You can't learn if you don't try.''' ,'''You can't have a belief system on Sunday and not live it the other six days.''' ,'''Hobby Lobby has always been a tool for the Lord's work.''' ,'''It's so easy to make things complicated in business.''' ,'''I realize that a lot of business leaders may disagree with me, but I truly believe that God belongs in what my company does. By putting Him first in my operations, He can bless what I attempt.''' ,'''My father and mother had tremendous integrity, and obviously that affected me.''' ,'''God has blessed me with a wonderful family, a successful business, and outstanding employees. I do not take these blessings lightly.''' ,'''Giving is above what we owe God, and that is our tithes.''' ,'''When Hobby Lobby was created in the early 1970s, I was committed to use profits to help ministry work.''' ,'''I can't help but tell people of the greatest story ever told - God's love and our eternal life.''' ,'''You need an attitude of service. You're not just serving yourself. You help others to grow up and you grow with them.''' ,'''Business owners should not have to choose between violating their faith and violating the law.''' ,'''When I take a risk, I like it to be a calculated risk, meaning I make it as small as possible.''' ,'''If you have anything, or if I have anything, it's because it's been given to us by our Creator.''' ,'''I want to know that I have affected people for eternity. I believe I am. I believe once someone knows Christ as their personal savior, I've affected eternity. I matter 10 billion years from now.''' ,'''The Health and Human Services preventive services mandate forces businesses to provide the morning-after and the week-after pills in our health insurance plans.''' ,'''This is my hobby: growing stores, adding stores. It's fun.''' ,'''If I die without food or without eternal salvation, I want to die without food.''' ,'''Our Heavenly Father is pleased when we don't compromise our faith and principles in times of desperation.''' ,]
+++