+++
author = "Diego Forlan"
title = "Diego Forlan Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Diego Forlan Quotes"
keywords = "diego forlan,diego forlan quotes,diego forlan quote,diego forlan sayings,diego forlan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Uruguay is a small country but with a lot of football history. We've won so many things, and so the people are always expecting us to do good things.''' ,'''Time moves on for everyone.''' ,'''It was a privilege to enjoy the national team and be part of a group that gave so much to our country, wear the shirt with great people.''' ,'''Courtois was rated highly enough by Chelsea to go back and replace Petr Cech, one of the best goalkeepers of modern times. He has lived up to his reputation.''' ,'''Football doesn't do sentiment well; it's a cruel profession.''' ,'''At Inter Milan, I agreed to play on the wing and didn't like it.''' ,'''Japan is a country that works well. The trains, buses, and planes stick to their timetables. When you try to change the schedule of anything, it can confuse.''' ,'''All of the usual formations have advantages and disadvantages, but none would work without the magic of the players.''' ,'''I love the Copa America. It showcases all the classic rivalries of South America, all those neighbours, up against each other.''' ,'''Every player loves to score goals, but hat-tricks should be savoured, as they don't happen very often.''' ,'''Cristiano Ronaldo joined United a year after me. He was ultra-confident, with the talent to back it up. He was dedicated, too, and practised as hard as anyone after training. You could tell that he wanted to be a great player, the greatest.''' ,'''Players should get the best deals for themselves whenever they can. Football is a relatively short career.''' ,'''I am very happy here at Atletico, and I want to bring the same kind of joy to all the fans.''' ,'''Ancelotti is one of the best coaches and has proved this by winning trophies.''' ,'''I am not saying that I am at the same level as Messi or Ronaldo. They are the best two players in the world, but I am very proud that I managed to finish above them in the goalscoring charts, especially as I was playing for Atletico Madrid, not Barcelona or Real Madrid.''' ,'''In England, the club presidents do not seek publicity or have a high profile. In Spain, they like to be considered the most important person at the club.''' ,'''I found it difficult when I first started to travel around the world as a footballer. Hotels go from places you are excited to stay in to places you get tired of pretty quickly.''' ,'''I try to go through my life not owing anything to anyone.''' ,'''During my career, I've have a lot of satisfaction, but I miss the Champions League. I'd like to win it with Inter.''' ,'''I feel I have nothing to prove at all, my scoring rate in La Liga speaks for itself.''' ,'''As a player, if a club is desperate to sign you, then you can benefit from that. Desperate clubs are prepared to pay more money; they are prepared to act decisively and play you.''' ,'''I keep really fit.''' ,'''When I see some of the pitches which my father played on, I think that it must have been a different game.''' ,'''I have never been at a club where the players talked so much about a previous manager as they did about Jose Mourinho at Inter Milan.''' ,'''It is only natural that the years pass, and after consecutive matches, you feel more and more tired, but it is normal.''' ,'''I wake up at 7 A.M. each morning and work out with a personal trainer.''' ,'''My compatriot Diego Godin is one of the best defenders in the world, good enough to play for any team in any league.''' ,''''Seba' Veron was one of the best players I shared a dressing room with. Not only was he technically gifted and could pass the ball accurately over distance, not only could he anticipate where players would run, but he also ran himself.''' ,'''Every manager goes through bad times.''' ,'''I'm happy to play as a centre forward or a second striker, like in the national team with Luis Suarez and Edinson Cavani.''' ,'''There were great players at United, and I just didn't have the chance to play, which was fair. It was difficult getting into the team, that's all.''' ,'''I will never play in England again, but I still actually look back with fond memories at some moments.''' ,'''As soon as Jose Mourinho was given the job, I knew that he was the right man for Manchester United.''' ,'''To score is always special; to score in the Bernabeu for Atletico is incredible.''' ,'''My father played for Sao Paulo for several years. I played in Brazil, too, and made a lot of friends there.''' ,'''Strikers love to play with other strikers, as I did with Sergio Aguero, Luis Suarez, and Edinson Cavani. You can make the most of your individual talents for the good of the team. If you can strike up a good partnership with another player, it's like striking gold.''' ,'''There are many great players to have won the adidas Golden Ball Award, and it is a great privilege to receive this award and be part of this select group of players.''' ,'''We're a small country, and if you look at it that way, then we're at a disadvantage, though I know that most of the players who know or have come up against Uruguayans prefer to avoid us.''' ,'''Winning the Europa League with Atletico Madrid and then reaching a semi-final of the World Cup is great.''' ,'''Systems, coaches, and directors or club presidents do not win games - players do, they are the only people who can make a significant difference once that game starts.''' ,'''Milan is beautiful, and the Interista fans are even more so.''' ,'''I was very young at Manchester United, and I feel that I was just starting to find my feet when I was sold and Rooney was brought in.''' ,'''In the World Cup finals, you're unlikely to meet a continental rival. In Copa America, you know they are just around the corner and that you will have to beat them to win the competition.''' ,'''I have a career, and I deserve respect.''' ,'''There were no Manchester United fans protesting when I left their club in 2005. I wasn't one of their most important players, so I moved on, worked really hard, got my breaks, and my career took off.''' ,'''Retiring from international football was a personal decision, and I was very sure about what I was doing. I played for my country for more than ten years, and there were highs and lows. It was a fantastic experience, though, and the most wonderful thing is that it ended well.''' ,'''Competition keeps you young. It motivates you. It challenges your ego. Messi and Ronaldo have this with each other.''' ,'''The Japanese people and their country left a huge impression on my wife and I, and we found it difficult to say goodbye before moving back to South America.''' ,'''Online, your quotes can now be picked up around the world, twisted, translated, and interpreted to mean the opposite of what you have actually said.''' ,'''I can't recall playing for a team who weren't involved in a fight for points at the end of the season. That would be strange for me.''' ,'''When Atletico wanted to sell me, I was told that I earned too much money and they wanted me off the wage bill. I liked that honesty.''' ,'''Atletico fans were always so desperate for us to win; it was like a religion to them.''' ,'''There are no logical answers in football. That's just the way it goes.''' ,'''I like every game to matter, to feel like we must win.''' ,'''Big clubs with one rich owner have been one of the main changes in football since I started playing.''' ,'''Although I will not always play well, I always give everything on the pitch.''' ,'''You never know for sure whether a player will adapt to a new country until he gets there.''' ,'''Football has allowed me to see the world, and in Paz, I have a wife who is keen to see the world with me.''' ,'''There are games when you do well, and others that go differently.''' ,'''A player always comes on to the pitch to give their best, and I cannot be criticized for my commitment, only for my performances.''' ,'''The Italian Fabio Cannavaro, who was with Real Madrid when I played against him several times, was the best player in the world in 2006. He wasn't tall, but very quick and strong. He always knew his opponents well, as if he'd researched them.''' ,'''I'm friendly - I've never changed - but some people can be intimidated to approach you, especially younger footballers.''' ,'''It's hard to know when to call it a day as a footballer.''' ,'''People have high expectations of me, and I want to fulfil them.''' ,'''I've played as a lone striker and enjoyed it, especially if you have good supporting players around you. But a full season by myself? That would be hard.''' ,'''Argentina produces great footballers, but Uruguay does the same.''' ,'''With a good start, players can relax a bit more and aren't so anxious throughout the season.''' ,'''Sometimes, in the last minute, against big teams... you never expect you have the chance to win, but there is that 'garra' that everyone talks about.''' ,'''Football has changed, and so has the relationship between the players on the pitch. Where once some players would try everything to distract opponents, now it's harder. There are TV cameras everywhere, which have much higher quality images than before. There are lip readers in studios working out what you are saying to each other.''' ,'''The passionate fans, pumped full of adrenalin, think they own their club and, by extension, the players because they play for their club. They don't. It is the club who 'own' the player, and only while he is under contract.''' ,'''Playing a World Cup is spectacular.''' ,'''Football is a really simple game, and the most important thing, in any formation, is that the players do their jobs, not the formation which they play in.''' ,'''I played 112 times for Uruguay and experienced some of the greatest moments in my life representing my country.''' ,'''I try to see the positive side of things.''' ,'''Even as a kid, I'd kick a tennis ball against a wall with both feet for hours. That was one way to become two-footed.''' ,'''As a footballer, I have always found it better not to be too emotional. Better to be cool, consistent, clinical. Celebrate goals, yes, but keep your feelings for those you trust most.''' ,'''It is easy to criticize me from behind a pen or a microphone, from someone who never set foot on a football field.''' ,'''Luis Suarez is one of the best players in the national team - and in the world, in fact.''' ,'''Nobody comes back from a serious injury and is the same after a month or even three months. You should play in the reserves; you get your muscle back and regain your match rhythm. Psychologically, you need to build your confidence back up and you hope there are no complications. Even in a settled side, it's hard.''' ,'''I'd be happy to play in Sao Paulo. It would be a dream; that would be very exciting.''' ,'''I went to Japan to experience a new culture, and I would recommend that any footballer does that. But the main reason I went was to play football.''' ,'''I had wanted to play for Penarol since I was a boy. When I was young, I would go to their training ground, but at 18, I left Uruguay for Argentina, and my professional career started.''' ,'''Italy won the world title in 2006 and went out in the group phase in 2010 and 2014. They didn't make it beyond the first round. You don't win things because of your history, the shirt, or the names on the teamsheet.''' ,'''Other Brazilians who've gone to Europe haven't always settled so quickly. Neymar has.''' ,'''I have played international games two days after travelling around the world. Your body clock is all over the place, and you are waking up at 4 AM. But once a game starts, then your adrenalin kicks in, and you seem to forget the tiredness.''' ,'''2010 was a magical year and was unforgettable.''' ,'''It's not easy for a coach to deal with a player who is in slow decline.''' ,'''I'd never thought of going to Japan, but the J-League came to me, and I could see that they wanted me to be part of the project. In the beginning, they said, 'We have two or three teams for you, although we cannot say which ones at the moment, but we want you as a player, as everything.'''' ,'''The best strikers make you sit up and take notice because every time they get the ball, you think that something amazing could happen. Of course they'll score goals, but they'll have something in their game which makes you think, 'Wow, he can win this game by doing something magical.'''' ,'''Two English defenders were among the finest I played against: John Terry and Rio Ferdinand.''' ,'''I have huge respect for Porto, a great club that's always in the hunt for titles, but they aren't Real Madrid, one of the biggest clubs in the world.''' ,'''My best years were 2010 and 2011, and the 2010 World Cup was the most incredible experience. Our tiny nation reached the semi-finals, I finished joint-top scorer in South Africa, and my goal against Germany was voted the best of the tournament. I was also named the best player of that World Cup.''' ,'''I try to do my best both on and off the pitch, giving a good image in my behaviour.''' ,'''Atletico players have always been characterised by this kind of player in attack like Fernando Torres, Sergio Aguero, Diego Costa, and Radamel Falcao.''' ,'''People seem to love or hate Mourinho, but players tend to love him.''' ,'''If nerves undo you, then you're unlikely to make it as a top footballer.''' ,'''Some players don't like to speak to the media or prefer to talk on live television so people can hear for themselves what is said, in real time.''' ,'''Ronaldo can score every type of goal. He can use both feet, his head, take free kicks, finish from close range or outside the box. He has everything.''' ,'''We are just lucky to be able to watch Ronaldo and Messi at their best.''' ,'''As a footballer, it can be enjoyable to do a proper interview where you trust the journalist to reproduce your thoughts.''' ,]
+++