+++
author = "Jin"
title = "Jin Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Jin Quotes"
keywords = "jin,jin quotes,jin quote,jin sayings,jin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm worldwide handsome. I am very handsome.''' ,'''I'm careful about speaking about this, but I believe it is only natural to accept the mandatory military duty, and I will go when I receive a draft notice, no matter when that is.''' ,'''What's most important to us is that our fans listen to and enjoy our music. That alone makes us happy enough.''' ,'''I have a motto of my life, 'If you behave young, your face becomes young, too.''' ,'''We never made a conscious effort to spread globally.''' ,'''Of course, we're very excited if our songs and albums do well, but that's not necessarily a goal that we set.''' ,'''I believe military duty is a duty.''' ,'''I'm not a good dancer but Rap Monster is really terrible at it. The two of us are ultimate dance rivals.''' ,'''What makes up who I am now is our fans, ARMY, and they are the reason I'm able to do music.''' ,'''We're often overseas, and many people sing along with our songs in Korean and tell us proudly that they studied Korean. It makes me proud.''' ,'''We'll continue to try to increase knowledge about our culture.''' ,'''The people who've really been a big influence on me are the members of BTS. It was thanks to them that I started doing music and was able to write songs too.''' ,'''When it comes to choreography practice, the rest of the five members learn from the dance instructor while Rap Monster and I are excluded from the group and end up learning the moves in the corner.''' ,'''I used to just live my life by going with the flow.''' ,'''If you go to school you can meet friends and you can play soccer, you know?''' ,'''We feel that prejudice should not be tolerated; it really has no place.''' ,'''I try to save water by not washing as much.''' ,'''I like animated films, but not necessarily the characters.''' ,'''I wish for the advent of an era in which everybody makes and appreciates good music.''' ,'''When I looked at Ioniq, I thought about something in a childish way: If a thunder hits the car, will it recharge?''' ,'''Skin is what completes my appearance.''' ,'''When something is delicious, it's zero calories.''' ,'''The way I recharge is simple. I have 3 ways. Either I eat, play games, or sleep.''' ,'''There are rare occasions when I inevitably have to go out. And when I do, people come up to me to say they're really glad to see me, and that they're really proud of how more people got to know about Korea because of us.''' ,'''I didn't really know a lot about music when I started out, but now I've learned how to write music or make melodies.''' ,'''I really like that if I work harder and harder, it is possible to see and create new opportunities and even rewards in the future.''' ,'''I love sheet masks. I try to put them on whenever I feel my skin is dry and exposed too much to the sun. They help me make up for lost moisture and brighten my skin.''' ,'''I'm very grateful to our members who were able to unite their hearts and want to say thank you to ARMYs who always love us.''' ,'''I want to try something in the genre of rock. I think it will come out great because our members are pretty charismatic.''' ,'''Our goal is to try to show ourselves, expose ourselves to ARMY as much as possible. There are a lot of platforms now.''' ,'''Records and numbers are important, but there's nothing better than a lot of people being happy through our music.''' ,'''We just made music that we liked and that people liked in Korea, and then people outside of Korea began to like it - in the same way that we hear pop songs from outside of Korea and enjoy them too.''' ,'''I value my looks very much, so it's equally important to take good care of my skin - that's a pivotal part of my face.''' ,'''Those who want to look more youthful should live life with a young heart.''' ,'''Because so many people love seeing me on stage and because I can make many people happy, I become happy through them.''' ,'''Fans have given me a lot of books about the jungle!''' ,'''There's a lot of pressure to meet up with people. I haven't changed, but my friends find it difficult to be around me. It's quite a shame to see them grow apart from me. I've lost a lot of people around me.''' ,'''I just act like a kid on purpose. But I feel like a grown-up when I talk to my friends and they ask for advice.''' ,'''I'm not scared of seeing bugs, but I get really scared if they crawl on me. I'm also really bad at watching horror films. During my freshman year of high school, I was watching a horror movie with a guy and I ended up hugging him without realising it.''' ,'''The films by Mamoru Hosoda or Hayao Miyazaki show things that can't be expressed by people. When I watch people acting, I end up analysing too much and it breaks the mood.''' ,'''You can't do anything about the past.''' ,]
+++