+++
author = "Earl Campbell"
title = "Earl Campbell Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Earl Campbell Quotes"
keywords = "earl campbell,earl campbell quotes,earl campbell quote,earl campbell sayings,earl campbell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Coming up as a kid, I played middle linebacker and I was very bow-legged, and I wanted to be like the legendary Dick Butkus.''' ,'''It really started cooking when I moved to Houston. I bought a house and got my own barbeque pit.''' ,'''Everything in life has a price on it - there ain't a damn thing free in America, and football has got a price on it.''' ,'''I try to get them to remember that they're not just athletes, but student-athletes.''' ,'''I always knew that I wanted to do something in business and I prepared myself for that.''' ,'''There are two things panic patients hate to do. They hate to take medication - and they hate to go to doctors. They hate to come to grips.''' ,'''First of all, I'm so glad that the city of Houston has a football team again. They have such great fans. I'm really happy for the people of Houston because they deserve a football team.''' ,'''I have a company called Earl Campbell Foods. I got into the meat business in 1991.''' ,'''Emmitt Smith is a great running back. One of the things I like about him along with Edgerrin James is that neither one of them 'show out' when they run a touchdown.''' ,'''I did some good things as a rookie.''' ,'''Our company sells about five to six million pounds of sausage a year. We sell it retail and to restaurants. We've got all kinds of products.''' ,'''After watching films of Jim Brown, I noticed that he never ran out of bounds. He always ran North and South and that's what I turned my style into. I was a North and South runner.''' ,'''Sometimes I pay for it, With the way I walk now, the things I did to my body wasn't supposed to be done. At 48 years old, it is saying, 'Hey, Earl, remember what you did to me?'.''' ,'''I have a wife and two boys. One is 18 and the other is 14. The 18-year old is getting ready for college next year and he made a decision to run track. He runs a lot like Michael Johnson.''' ,'''When I was a kid and got in trouble, I'd always say, Mom, I'm in trouble. Well, Mom, I'm in trouble.''' ,'''I miss the guys. I don't get to see them often. We do get together in Houston now and then.''' ,'''There had been talk about me getting involved with the new team in Houston. I don't know if it's something that will become a realization, but it would be something that I would love to do.''' ,'''I think one game we played the Oakland Raiders and Jack Tatum and I had an accident on the one-yard line. The only thing that Jack Tatum didn't do was wrap me up so I backed into the endzone backwards.''' ,'''I talk to student-athletes. I try to get them to remember that they're not just athletes, but student-athletes. You need to get an education, keep your hands clean and try to represent the university.''' ,'''Pittsburgh was a great team. Coach Noll, Joe Greene, Jack Lambert, L.C. Greenwood and all those guys did a great job. That's the team that kept us from winning two Super Bowls. It was a great rivalry.''' ,'''I had two things I could do: I could run over you, and I could put a good stiff arm on you. That was about it.''' ,'''Somebody will always break your records. It is how you live that counts.''' ,'''I learned from different guys I played with, too. The key was probably three people: The good Lord, the offensive linemen I played with and great fullbacks that could block very well.''' ,'''My running style was kind of just head-on, because I couldn't dance.''' ,]
+++