+++
author = "Jean-Georges Vongerichten"
title = "Jean-Georges Vongerichten Quotes"
quotes_len = "59"
description = "the best 59 Jean-Georges Vongerichten Quotes"
keywords = "jean-georges vongerichten,jean-georges vongerichten quotes,jean-georges vongerichten quote,jean-georges vongerichten sayings,jean-georges vongerichten saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If we put a vinaigrette together, every part of it is weighed. For the burger, we do a bit of arugula, olive oil - everything is weighed. To the gram.''' ,'''I want every dish to be a ten.''' ,'''Pound Ridge is about five miles from our country house. When you go every weekend for the last ten years without fail, well, that starts to feel like a home.''' ,'''At ABC Cocina and Kitchen, 90 percent of our produce and vegetables come from Union Square, and that's all from upstate New York farmers. We are simply committed to this idea of local, organic food.''' ,'''There is so much more vegetable use in Thailand, India and China than meat. Yes, when you go to the markets or buy street food, you see shrimp or chicken - but mostly vegetables.''' ,'''For people in London, Asian flavors are always part of the culture, more than in New York.''' ,'''I think we're always going to be based in New York. So I would say 50 percent New York and the other 50 percent around the world.''' ,'''Spice Market was just a big investment on lots of different levels.''' ,'''I think, when I was younger, I was cooking to impress. Sometimes the dish would have 15 things on the plate. That's cooking only for yourself. As you get more mature, you take all the superfluous things away, and you get the essential flavor. Now I cook for people, not for myself.''' ,'''I cook every day for six hours. It's my therapy. My love.''' ,'''I eat everything. I still like to go to Peter Luger once in a while.''' ,'''The day of the week changes, but one day in the week I eat vegetarian.''' ,'''Food is a part of life. People are foodies and love to shop for food.''' ,'''The house is always full, and we're always cooking - outside, inside, for six, eight, a dozen, 20 people.''' ,'''The Hamptons remind me of my childhood vacations. I love the beach, restaurants, and produce found on the East End.''' ,'''My grandmother taught me how to make the basic pate brise pastry crust when I was young. The one thing I learned simply by eating her endless variations on delicious tarts for dinner every night is that this dough can be used for just about anything - sweet or savory.''' ,'''I think, as a chef and restaurateur, that you have to take care of your business. Otherwise, you're only as good as your last meal. You have to watch if your food costs are too high, or you could be out of business in no time.''' ,'''Food for me has to pop, and at Spice Market, the food really pops.''' ,'''I landed in 1980 in Bangkok, and I stopped to eat ten times between the airport and the hotel. It was all lemongrass and ginger and chilies.''' ,'''No one can understand my accent!''' ,'''The role of a chef isn't to reinvent dishes but to tweak.''' ,'''This is what I grew up on in Alsace. It's choucroute. I'd wake up every morning with the smell of cabbage and potatoes and pork.''' ,'''My two essential ingredients are chilies, any kind, dried or fresh; and acid, whether it's citrus - lemon, lime, yuzu - or vinegars. Food has to pop.''' ,'''When you do a menu at a restaurant, you have to be the engineer of that menu. It has to be a crowd-pleaser.''' ,'''I drink a lot of juice and eat a lot of vegetables.''' ,'''A chef and a restaurateur are different jobs: One is about pleasing people with what's on the plate; the other is about understanding the market. I'm a chef, but I think I'm a savvy businessperson, too.''' ,'''I love creating new things. It's difficult to be creative once a restaurant's open. People want the same dishes. For me, the creativity is in opening a new place and starting a new menu.''' ,'''I am a huge supporter of the Waxman foundation.''' ,'''My mother worked in a chocolate factory, so when I came home from school, I had a piece of baguette with dark chocolate in it. I remember her smelling like chocolate.''' ,'''When I arrived in New York, I was at the Drake hotel for five years; so, yeah, I really miss hotels. It's like having friends stay at your home. Every day you get to treat them, not only to dinner, but for breakfast, and everything throughout the day.''' ,'''At home, I never plate. Things go in the middle of the table, and you serve yourself. In the restaurant, every day I plate things, but at home, I want to enjoy my company.''' ,'''Food is important for me, but as a restaurant group, to expand, you know, we have to look where the best market are - where the best markets are.''' ,'''I spent seven years in France. Then, I went to Asia for five years. I came to London in 1984 and then America in 1985. In 1991, I opened my first restaurant in New York City.''' ,'''My presence in California will bring a new, inspiring culinary environment to life, and I'm delighted to share my creative techniques and evolving fresh ideas with the Beverly Hills community.''' ,'''Actually, I'd really love to do something in Bali, up in the mountains. A little restaurant with that scenery would be beautiful.''' ,'''My kitchen in New York City is in the Richard Meier building on Perry Street, so it's ultra-modern: white, glass and transparent. It's 180 square feet, with an induction stove. Everything's hidden, so you don't see the microwave or the fridge.''' ,'''At lunchtime, our kitchen was like a mini restaurant: my grandmother and mother had to cook for as many as 25 people - extended family plus 10 employees. We ate a lot of cabbage and a lot of potatoes.''' ,'''The toughest decision is always whether to open a restaurant. Two or three bad months, and you could be out of business.''' ,'''For my 16th birthday, my family took me to L'Auberge de L'Ill, which was family-run but had three Michelin stars. It was a revelation. After that meal, I realised this is what I want to do.''' ,'''The dish that changed my life was tom yum kum. You start with a pot of water, add lemongrass, lime leaves, lime juice, coriander, mushrooms, and shrimp; ten minutes later, you have the most incredible, intense soup.''' ,'''I have 20 restaurants. And if one doesn't work, it doesn't work.''' ,'''I'm cooking 42 years, and I didn't know bananas are good for my brain.''' ,'''I grew up in Alsace - in Strasbourg, by the canal; the family business was coal handling. It was still in the days when three generations would live under the same roof. There were 15 people for lunch, 20 for dinner.''' ,'''You've got to be in your kitchens, or it all falls apart.''' ,'''I love cooking, but I love the business, too. It's important because a lot of chefs forget the business side and have to shut down after six months.''' ,'''I grew up near Strasbourg in Alsace, where my family were coal merchants.''' ,'''My father was in the coal and heating business, and he wanted me to take over his business, and I resented every moment of it. So I would never force my kids to do what I do.''' ,'''I arrived in Bangkok in 1980: I was 23 years old, and it changed my life.''' ,'''For friends, I love to make bruschetta. I grill country bread with Frantoia olive oil and make toppings, like crab, roasted squash, mushrooms, whatever's seasonal.''' ,'''I think food is getting lighter and healthier because people eat out so often. It's about quality ingredients because that is the root of good food.''' ,'''I arrived in New York in 1986, when I was 28. The market here was nothing. In the Union Square farmers' market, it was a couple of potatoes, everything from California. So the only place I was comfortable shopping was in Chinatown, because it all came from Hong Kong.''' ,'''I love Sunday lunches with the family that start at 1 P.M. and finish at 5 P.M.''' ,'''You don't do a business for pleasure: You have to make money.''' ,'''In the morning, we sliced all the vegetables and layered everything up in a pot with a glass of Riesling. On the way to church, we dropped it off with the baker, who sealed the lid with a strip of dough and put it in his oven for a couple of hours. We picked it up at 12 o'clock and took it home to eat with mustard and salad.''' ,'''Cooking at home is easier than cooking in the restaurant because you don't have to write a menu or try to please everybody.''' ,'''For me, the good food starts with good product.''' ,'''A steak is a steak, so I tried to experiment with different side dishes, such as truffle croquettes, and unusual condiments, but I learned that people don't want you to change the steakhouse.''' ,'''When I went to London, they told me I spoke with a funny accent - English with a Chinese accent.''' ,'''Our best hits are real-estate stories, going back to our first, JoJo in 1991.''' ,]
+++