+++
author = "Paige Spiranac"
title = "Paige Spiranac Quotes"
quotes_len = "70"
description = "the best 70 Paige Spiranac Quotes"
keywords = "paige spiranac,paige spiranac quotes,paige spiranac quote,paige spiranac sayings,paige spiranac saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've done golf and fitness shoots, but in those I'm still fairly covered up.''' ,'''I love golf, I think it is a great game but I think there are a lot of things that need to change. I think it needs to become more progressive, more inclusive.''' ,'''You may not even realize how much your off-the-rack clubs are affecting your game.''' ,'''I probably do more community service than any other professional golfer.''' ,'''I embrace who I am, and I embrace the fact that I feel empowered feeling sexy.''' ,'''If you've never been fit for clubs, your game could seriously be suffering. People tend to stick to out-of-date, poorly fit clubs because they either don't see the benefit of a fitting or are intimidated by the process.''' ,'''Golf is the absolute worst place for me to be because I am the exact opposite of everything that a golfer should encompass, should be, and I'm not.''' ,'''Golf's a gentleman's game. So it's all about integrity and you cheer on other people, and it's kind of different from other sports where you just want to beat everyone.''' ,'''Turns out, the enjoyment I receive from growing the game through content creation and collaborations, and the work I do with the Cybersmile Foundation around cyberbullying, is leaps and bounds above what I got out of playing competitively.''' ,'''I literally post swing videos. Like, how is that interesting? But I've created such a following, and they're loyal fans. It's really cool to create a community around something I love, and that they love, too.''' ,'''It was a hard adjustment my freshman year in college, I was so shy and nervous and had always been around only adults, and then had to be around kids my own age.''' ,'''In the age of millennials, women's rights, and female empowerment, I hope my voice helps to encourage the next generation of great female athletes and golfers to possibly stop social injustices and prejudices from creeping into the game that I fell in love with at such a young age.''' ,'''I'm not refined, I'm raw and real and I wear what I want and I have always been so different and golf is not that way.''' ,'''From the first time I swung a PXG club I have wanted to add them to my bag. They feel incredible and the performance really makes a difference.''' ,'''Whenever I'm stressed out or having a bad day, the one thing that gets me happy or back into like a good place of mind is being on the golf course. I love being out there, especially really early in the morning getting the first tee time out and just playing by myself. It's so peaceful.''' ,'''It's only when we stop looking exclusively to the podium for our heroes and start looking all around us that we'll make the greatest progress toward a better tomorrow.''' ,'''It's easy to get swayed by advertisements or the latest new gear, but what you think you want could actually rob you of yards and add strokes to your score, based on your personal swing and playing style.''' ,'''When you have a lot of followers, you get the good and bad. So I had a career out of it. But unfortunately, I had people hating on me every single day.''' ,'''To be a professional golfer in the 21st century, you must be an athlete.''' ,'''Golf is really tricky. I feel like you either have to be a broadcaster, or a professional golfer or a golf instructor. If you're not one of those things you don't really fit in the game.''' ,'''I started playing golf after a broken knee led me to quit my career as an elite gymnast. It wasn't long before I became one of the world's top-ranked amateur players.''' ,'''If you look at what people typically wear when they play, OK, my clothes could be considered provocative. But I'm not wearing them for a reaction. I'm just comfortable in fitness clothing. Golf is a sport, so dress like an athlete. Name another sport where people wear khakis and cotton polos?''' ,'''But if I feel comfortable swinging in a short skirt or shorts, if I feel athletic and strong and confident, I can do that, and you shouldn't call me certain names for it.''' ,'''Growing up, I had a hair condition where my hair would fall out easily, and I had bad asthma.''' ,'''It wasn't until last year that I figured out the problem: I just don't love competitive golf. What I love is the game itself. I love being outdoors, practicing, and smelling the freshly cut grass at 6:00 a.m. as the sun rises. But I didn't love travel, or pressure, or the mean-spiritedness of my competitors.''' ,'''I love myself and I love my body.''' ,'''I realized that I could save the world and I would still get hate. I'm never going to try and please other people. All I can do is live my truth and be a good person, and I will feel right and fulfilled. That's what matters.''' ,'''Everyone knew I was home-schooled. Everyone always said I was weird, and they're kind of right. And I think people can always tell that I'm a weak link. So if you are going to bully someone, I'm an easy target.''' ,'''I'm very passionate about the game, but I don't want to do it as a living. I feel confident in the path that I'm taking now and I didn't feel confident in the path that I was taking with golf - I just realized that I don't want to play professionally.''' ,'''But one of my absolutely favorite things to do is go to comic book stores on the weekends. I'm a huge comic book nerd.''' ,'''Golf is elitist, it's stuffy, it's exclusive and I hate that because I am not that and I was never welcomed in and I'm still not welcomed in.''' ,'''I always seek people's approval and I'm always never good enough.''' ,'''I've never felt like I fit in. I always feel like I'm walking in the wrong direction or swimming upstream.''' ,'''I was a tomboy. I played football and wasn't afraid to get dirty. Shopping? Not for me.''' ,'''I want to be less of a role model and more of a mentor. I don't ever want kids to put me on a pedestal and feel like they can't talk or reach out to me. I want to be there for them.''' ,'''I dress differently, I don't conform to what golf is supposed to be.''' ,'''I respect and understand that golf is enveloped in tradition and that certain rules and regulations must be upheld.''' ,'''I'm not ashamed of my social media following, my Sports Illustrated swimsuit shoot, or the tough time I had in my LPGA debut, but these small facets of my life are easily manipulated by the Internet to get views, and they don't define me as a person.''' ,'''People say I haven't accomplished anything, but I feel like I've done a lot. I'm an ambassador for the Cybersmile Foundation, which is an anti-bullying organization.''' ,'''As my followers know, I'm always looking for ways to improve my game and have a little more fun on the course.''' ,'''I want people to see that golf is fun and it's cool. You don't have to be a professional golfer to enjoy it.''' ,'''All I ever wanted was to be a golfer on the LPGA tour. That's still my dream, but getting there has turned out to be a lot more complicated than I thought.''' ,'''Almost every woman I've met has encountered bullying.''' ,'''My weakness is hitting it straight under pressure.''' ,'''If someone is misrepresenting my playing career, I try to correct them. If they say something mean about me I'll let them know it hurts my feelings. But I've noticed that the best thing for me is to show love back to them and show positivity and by doing that you gain a fan.''' ,'''My strength is short game. I love the creative side to it. You can hit a wedge a million different ways. The flop is my fave.''' ,'''Over the years, golf has evolved from a leisurely game of stick and ball into a competitive sport for highly skilled athletes. Players not only spend countless hours fine-tuning technique on the course, but also improving strength, stability, and endurance in the gym.''' ,'''You know what, I was one of the top 25 amateurs in the world. I had a pretty good college career.''' ,'''Every child thrives on encouragement, but beware of forcing it. I've seen too many family relationships crumble because of excessive ambition on the course or the range.''' ,'''Because of the increased physicality of the sport, golf apparel companies began incorporating more performance-based materials into their designs, as well as updating styles that had fallen out of fashion over the years.''' ,'''I may not go down in history as the best female golfer to ever play, however my intent is to do whatever I can to grow the game.''' ,'''I'm a content creator, so I like to read the comments, and I like to engage, because if people aren't interested in what I'm doing, then I'm not doing a good job.''' ,'''People seem to think I got where I am because of the clothes that I wear.''' ,'''The numbers don't lie, so make sure to come in with an open mind when it comes to building your bag. For example, the brand that helps you drive it longer and straighter might not suit you best when it comes to your short game.''' ,'''I'm called rude things, and people say nasty stuff. It's disrespectful, and as women we don't deserve that.''' ,'''I'm really trying to do everything I can to bring golf to people who have never done it before, as well as just make golf fun and cool.''' ,'''The gymnastics community is toxic. You just do what they say no matter what. It's really scary.''' ,'''For me, working with kids is one of my favorite ways to give back, and I refuse to let public opinion about whether I'm a 'winner' stop me from being a positive role model and mentor.''' ,'''I'm introverted, and all my friends make fun of me because all I do is work out and play golf. I'm a grandma: stay in most nights and asleep by 9:30.''' ,'''When it comes to the golf industry, I know that people see me as a gimmick.''' ,'''People seem to think I got where I am because of the clothes that I wear. That's unfair to me and unfair to all of my accomplishments.''' ,'''Different women feel empowered in different ways, and it's not right to tell someone what they can and cannot do.''' ,'''I feel like everyone in golf is just playing this part of this perfect golfer when in reality it's nothing like that.''' ,'''I actually was a competitive gymnast for the first part of my life. From age 6 to 12, I dedicated pretty much everything to that, until I got injured really badly.''' ,'''It's hard for women every single day; we have to be nice, but not too nice, ambitious, but not too ambitious. It puts a lot of pressure on what we should and can be.''' ,'''I always feel like an outcast... it's just always been very different to everyone else.''' ,'''Tennis players wear sleeveless tops and skirts with spandex shorts so that they can hit, reach, and lunge for the ball effectively. Similarly, in order to perform at the optimal level, golfers need to be able to rotate, extend, crouch, and bend, often in extreme weather conditions for up to five or six hours at a time.''' ,'''I do media work but I don't do broadcast on TV. I'm a content producer and creator, so I just go out there and produce awesome content.''' ,'''The ability to act as a role model shouldn't depend on owning a pile of trophies. Instead, we should look at role models as whole people - people who fail but overcome adversity, people who inspire us both on and off the course, people who spend their time trying to make their community a better place.''' ,'''If professionalism in golf equals athleticism, then athleticism should be promoted and showcased, and that means allowing the clothes that promote it.''' ,]
+++