+++
author = "Giles Deacon"
title = "Giles Deacon Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Giles Deacon Quotes"
keywords = "giles deacon,giles deacon quotes,giles deacon quote,giles deacon sayings,giles deacon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Why shouldn't we want everybody to have a piece of Giles in their wardrobe?''' ,'''I've always liked historic jewellery that's got a kind of quirkiness or playfulness to it; I like that it's not too serious.''' ,'''I liked the fact DAKS was an unknown quantity. It's more like Gucci before Tom Ford got there. There's a lot you can do.''' ,'''Just because something is less expensive shouldn't mean it is less well designed.''' ,'''I don't really see the point in planning to show off-schedule. I think it's things like showing on-schedule that helps London be organised as it is.''' ,'''DAKS is a much more restrained silhouette, and there's a real emphasis on daywear, outerwear, and tailoring. It's more stripped-down.''' ,'''The natural world is a source of inspiration.''' ,'''I don't believe in a recipe for success. You have to work hard; you may not always get it right - you have to bounce back from situations, and you have to be really focused and determined. It's important to have fun as well. Work shouldn't be a torture.''' ,'''My mother was a housewife. My father worked in the agriculture business, but they were very encouraging about everything. When I said I wanted to do art, they were very supportive.''' ,'''Due to the hectic, non-stop nature of my work, I'm always using my BlackBerry to stay in touch with my studio, wherever I am.''' ,'''I go to contemporary galleries all around the world when I can. There's always something historical and something contemporary; those are my rock references.''' ,'''With all my clients I work with, they all have their absolute specialness about them.''' ,'''I like to have a swim in the morning, a great way to start the day.''' ,'''I think when wedding dresses are talked about, every woman has a different set of factors in her mind of what it could be because they've been thinking about it possibly for such a long time.''' ,'''Students are up to their eyeballs in loans, and it's going to get even worse. It's going to be hideous, actually. Students are going to be saddled for life. It's going to put a lot of people off going to college, which is a shame.''' ,'''Some things can be quite stupid yet interesting. Life can be like that.''' ,'''I like characters in life, generally; I don't like to see a collection modelled on a homogeneous look. That terrifies me.''' ,'''My designs are slightly subversive in their way; it can be in the cut or the colour, but they're always obtainable: they're not so difficult that a 40-year-old woman wanting to go to a cocktail party looking foxy and a little bit different in something well-made would be alienated by them.''' ,'''A lot of people's circumstances can change very, very quickly, and people can move jobs, relationships can break down, something else could happen, and the next thing you know, you can't pay your rent, you can't get the support you require, and you're out on the street.''' ,'''I didn't set out wanting to be a fashion designer from the age of 3. It wasn't that kind of dream.''' ,'''We want to be the go-to business for super-special daywear and eveningwear, to focus on what we are known for and what our customers want from us.''' ,'''The reason I wanted to work with New Look was that they wanted to stick with one designer and do lots of collections a year.''' ,'''A healthy body really does make for a healthy mind.''' ,'''Even if you have a lot of money, you may not want to spend a lot of it on clothes.''' ,'''The women that wear my clothes would want a pink BlackBerry in their handbag.''' ,'''I don't like acres of faceless girls walking.''' ,'''When I was younger, I wanted to be a marine biologist, among other things.''' ,'''I go to L.A. three or four times a year. It's great for research.''' ,'''I am really looking forward to walking past people on the street wearing my clothes and know I am designing for an everyday woman.''' ,'''My designs at Ungaro are a lot more sexual, in more of an obvious way: my personal designers are a little bit more sideways.''' ,'''I'm interested in women who have got character and experience and an opinion about things.''' ,'''Everybody's got a lot to their personalities. You're not just one element. There are some days you want something that can be a bit stricter or a bit more disciplined or something a bit more floaty and a bit freer.''' ,'''People are always saying, 'You use irony,' and it's like, actually, we don't use irony: we use wit and playfulness and irreverence.''' ,'''People don't necessarily realise that there can be just as much work on a quiet jacket as an overblown gown.''' ,'''I am more interested in people's attitude than someone who is a perfect face. Every time I walk the streets of London, I see someone who interests me. It doesn't matter how old they are.''' ,'''The customer who likes to be noticed is important to us.''' ,'''Women I've known have always been quite strong and confident women. Sure, I've got some friends who aren't so overtly confident, or at least don't appear that way. But when you get to know them, they are very much so.''' ,'''People are often a bit more adventurous with swimming costume prints; they like the idea of something a bit more jolly.''' ,'''With couture, it means I get to show fall in July with delivery in September. My clients will be getting their pieces in season.''' ,'''I think a bit of jewellery that cheers you up for the day isn't a bad thing.''' ,'''I did an art foundation course, and I knew I wanted to do something in a creative field. And fashion just seemed like the most fun.''' ,'''People should just get over themselves.''' ,'''With couture, the great thing is that each piece has its own character, and you have space to explore and continue themes season after season.''' ,'''Fashion designers seem the busiest people on the planet.''' ,'''Let's be honest: not everybody can afford to buy £5,000 dresses, so the jewellery is a nice of way of getting the Giles product out into the world and introduce it to people not familiar with the label. QVC is a really good partner to help us do that.''' ,''''Irony' is such an over-used word.''' ,'''The name Holly Fulton has become synonymous with daring, bold graphic prints which you just know if you wear you'll have a brilliant time in.''' ,'''I try to exercise three to four times a week.''' ,'''Cecil Beaton was Andy Warhol before Andy Warhol, really.''' ,'''We design for a whole range of ages and body types, and we always have done. What's great about us is that the common thing that they all like is an accessible eccentricity of an accessible flamboyance, and I think the super thing about that, it isn't age-specific: you're not only dressing 25-year-olds; we're dressing women from 25 to 65+.''' ,'''Clothes that a wallflower would like, that's not my thing. I like people who look interesting.''' ,'''I had a great teacher who was really encouraging and said I should go to Central Saint Martins. So I worked my socks off, and I managed to get a place there. It was there that I developed a real love for design.''' ,'''For me, green is more about cycling than recycling.''' ,'''I believe in the democracy of design.''' ,'''With couture, you're going right to the consumer, and that's something we learned from doing trunk shows. You're meeting the client; you're finding out what they like and what they don't like. You've really got your customer there in front of you, so you know what works and what doesn't.''' ,'''If a piece is individually made to measure, then it's couture.''' ,'''I love London. Wherever I've lived, I've always had my flat here.''' ,'''I've always been a big supporter of homeless charities across the board, ever since I first moved to London.''' ,'''It can be refugees, it can be a pregnant mother, it can be a 15-year-old... homelessness can happen to everybody.''' ,'''That era of designers being away with the fairies is gone... You've got to live in the real world.''' ,'''Animals. They're nice, aren't they? They're good things, animals.''' ,'''I really like doing good work and working with good people - that's the thing that drives me.''' ,'''Anyone looking for a black cashmere sweater isn't going to come to me.''' ,'''I've always drawn a lot. I like the idea of turning a 2-D sketch into a 3-D thing very quickly. And clothing is really good for that.''' ,'''I'll spend a couple of days in Paris, a couple back in London, some time at the factory in Italy... I like travelling, but it can be a struggle to get home for weekends.''' ,'''If you've invested money in buying a piece, you don't want it to just disintegrate. We all have that first wash anxiety, when that great t-shirt you've just bought shrinks away to nothing.''' ,'''I like women to have life, personalities. Women who would perhaps cause some trouble on a night out and have a lot to say for themselves.''' ,'''Rooney Mara is someone I'd like to dress; we've not worked with her before and she certainly has very interesting personal style.''' ,'''I very much like Christopher Kane. He actually did a work placement with me, and you could spot his talent straight away.''' ,'''One day I'll do a Dorian Gray, and there will be a picture in the attic. I'll look like Helen Daniels from 'Neighbours' after her stroke.''' ,'''I sometimes sit and draw people on the bus, or some fantasy hybrid animal. You know, wherever the hand will lead.''' ,'''I don't like po-faced fashion.''' ,'''Pretty much hated school. I never really found my footing. I just didn't like lessons.''' ,'''Fashion was spontaneous and about getting things done, which I really liked.''' ,'''I can be very modern and experimental.''' ,'''I liked natural history. I liked the outdoors. And I found the sea quite interesting.''' ,'''My longest collaborative working relationship is with Katie Grand, the editor-in-chief of 'Love' magazine. Katie's an inspiration and a sounding block. She's got such great taste.''' ,'''I have an art-school background, not a fashion background where it's like, 'Oh, we're going on holiday to Miami.'''' ,'''I can never really comment on rumours.''' ,'''I love historical references.''' ,'''People often think that the world fashion is so full of a certain pretense that it can't just be about going for something because it suits you and looks great, and it's nicely cut and is made of beautiful fabric. You know, if it has a bit of lightness and playfulness to it, then I think people just respond to that really well.''' ,'''I don't design for wallflowers.''' ,'''I went to public and state schools - not at the same time. I did my art foundation course at Harrogate College of Arts. This brilliant tutor suggested I apply to Central Saint Martins. I adored it.''' ,'''There's one thing I would like to do on the high street, and that's something different to what's been done before. So, who knows what that could be.''' ,'''My parents weren't into fashion. I didn't have an eccentric granny who mixed lace mantillas with tweed.''' ,'''There are some great skinny girls, but it's about characters, isn't it? That's what I find attractive. People who've had interesting lives and tell you something that you don't know or are really good fun.''' ,'''I always find the idea of Britishness a bit of a boring old concept, to be honest. That world of Britishness always comes off a bit twee and only about cream teas and that sort of things.''' ,'''You take it very seriously when you start any project, but not everything in life ends up where you think it's going to be.''' ,'''I do like designing clothes that are - not exactly lofty but intellectual in their sexiness.''' ,'''The effort you put into anything when you're a designer is 100% because it's all about what you get back out from it.''' ,'''I don't really have a mentor.''' ,'''Single-sex private schools, especially in the middle of nowhere on a bleak hill in County Durham - I don't think they make sense.''' ,'''I was never one for just sitting in front of the telly.''' ,'''I'm lucky that I've worked with the biggest divas in the world. We've had Miss Piggy and Minnie Mouse, so I've got to be careful who I say now, but obviously, I'd love to dress them again.''' ,'''At a certain period in time, the fashion industry was portraying this image of a totally unrealistic woman, women who are not allowed to be themselves.''' ,'''I'd really love to dress Lauren Bacall. She's incredibly interesting - a gorgeous, stylish woman with a strong personality.''' ,'''It's important to offer well-thought-out pieces at lower prices.''' ,'''My friends and I used to take two-hour trips to the record store in Newcastle, and we started buying copies of The Face and i-D. And then I went to art school, and as time progressed, I ended up where I am now.''' ,'''Making your own clothes is great - but don't make everything, or I'll be out of a job!''' ,'''I've been a fella in the fashion industry for a very long time now, and the industry has been very good to me.''' ,]
+++