+++
author = "Sarah Mlynowski"
title = "Sarah Mlynowski Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Sarah Mlynowski Quotes"
keywords = "sarah mlynowski,sarah mlynowski quotes,sarah mlynowski quote,sarah mlynowski sayings,sarah mlynowski saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I started a MySpace teen lit discussion group and invited people to join.''' ,'''In 'Bras & Broomsticks,' Rachel Weinstein gets the shock of her life when she discovers that her mom and her younger sister, Miri, are both... witches! In 'Frogs & French Kisses,' Rachel and her witchy family are back - Miri is busy zapping up ways to save the world, while Mom has gone boy crazy and become a magicaholic.''' ,'''I always work from an outline.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be a part of that experience of writing to an audience that is just starting to fall in love with books. When I felt that my writing for adults had become cemented, I decided to write a YA series.''' ,'''Even though I knew my way around Facebook, Twitter terrified me. RT? OH? Hootsuite? Huh? My Twitter-savvy friends attempted to explain what a hashtag was, but, still mystified, I signed up for an online Twitter 101 class. Yes. I'm geeky like that.''' ,'''I feel more pressure when I'm writing for teens. I'm very aware that my audience is impressionable. Therefore, I'm far more careful about what I say and the language I use.''' ,'''When you go on vacation with people, you learn a lot about them.''' ,'''My cellphone calls random people.''' ,'''I watch a lot of teen TV and read a lot of YA novels. I also talk to teens whenever I can. There are cultural differences between when I was a teen and now, but emotions - anger, angst, love - are the same.''' ,'''I'm up at 8:30 every morning, and I write from about 9:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M. - with some breaks, of course. I really try to see writing as a career that I turn off when my husband comes home from work. Otherwise, writing could very easily become all-consuming.''' ,'''I think that if you write what you love to read, that will be what your audience wants to read, too.''' ,]
+++