+++
author = "Mark Roberts"
title = "Mark Roberts Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Mark Roberts Quotes"
keywords = "mark roberts,mark roberts quotes,mark roberts quote,mark roberts sayings,mark roberts saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a free spirit; more people should become free spirits.''' ,'''I got asked by a freelance journalist to jump in front of Princess Diana's funeral. How pathetic is that? That would have been the stupidest thing on the planet.''' ,'''Everything seems to have been turned upside-down, but in a good way.''' ,'''Violence is for mugs. War is for mugs.''' ,'''I was asked to model but I never took up the offer.''' ,'''I don't make political statements; let's all have a laugh. Let's all live and be free. I try and live to the letter of the law, but right on the edge of it.''' ,'''I'm making the statement that we should all live life and have a laugh. Nakedness is a thing where people take notice. If you do it in the right way, people laugh.''' ,'''You have to really think about things before you do them.''' ,'''I was in Liverpool city center and I thought I broke one of my toes, just by jumping on buses. I put my arm in the door on the outside, and the bus just drives away with me naked.''' ,'''I really want to do the Olympics. Obviously, I can't let things out of the bag, so to speak.''' ,'''When I'm in bars or clubs, it gets to the point where I feel I'm obliged to streak. It's not a problem.''' ,'''Neil Armstrong, when he was out there landing on the moon, I was there first.''' ,'''God knows when I'm going to retire. I think I'm going to be bored.''' ,'''Nudity, in the right way, can enhance a film or a TV program or a TV commercial. If it's done tastefully it can make it more of an interesting product.''' ,'''I don't want to do anything in bad taste.''' ,'''The third biggest comic people in America want to make a comic book out of me. It's unbelievable.''' ,'''We'll do a crazy video of a great song that people can actually dance to.''' ,'''In England, there are so many TV commercials with nudity in them, and there are so many TV programs that show nudity on a regular basis. It's becoming more of a norm.''' ,'''I go from pub to pub, or jumping on buses or stopping cars. I don't need a TV audience. Every time I go naked, all of a sudden TV cameras pop up around me.''' ,'''One of my favorites is 'The Sound of Music'. When Julie Andrews runs through the hills singing her head off, I always wish that a gust of wind would blow her skirt up.''' ,'''I always thought, because America is supposed to be the land of the free, nudity would be part of the norm over there, but it isn't. It's surprising.''' ,'''I can read the Tarot cards and believe in ghosts.''' ,'''The Full Monty, ah, it's superb. The Full Monty showed how life really is in certain cities of England.''' ,'''Hollywood have been in touch; they want to make a movie of my life.''' ,'''It's always been performance art, but now it's on a different level.''' ,'''I wanted to get superimposed on a shuttle launch.''' ,'''It takes time to love someone properly, and in this business, you get very wary of people.''' ,'''I just love having a buzz all the time, regardless of the consequences.''' ,]
+++