+++
author = "Lacey Chabert"
title = "Lacey Chabert Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Lacey Chabert Quotes"
keywords = "lacey chabert,lacey chabert quotes,lacey chabert quote,lacey chabert sayings,lacey chabert saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel like I'm that typical new parent that's nervous about everything.''' ,'''My family has always called me 'Lay Lay,' and my dad used to always call me 'Dynamite Termite' because I was really short and small and I hated to be still. I would never stop.''' ,'''When I was growing up I always wanted to be a waitress. My sister opened a restaurant in Mississippi, and I went down there and was a waitress for a few days. Let me tell you, I got it out of my system.''' ,'''Everyone can relate to being bullied. Everyone can relate to wanting to fit in and being part of a clique.''' ,'''Sometimes it's not always perfect, and there are mistakes, and you pick yourself up and move on. I've learned you can't be a perfectionist. I still strive to do my best in every area, but I've learned to let go.''' ,'''I had to have my first kiss in front of, like, a hundred people. I didn't know what to do. So my sisters told me to, like, practice on a pillow, you know? But it didn't kiss me back so I didn't know what to expect.''' ,'''Christmas is my favorite time of the year.''' ,'''It's actually kind of a skill to act cold - to have the mannerisms of being cold when it's the complete opposite of how you behave when you're hot.''' ,'''I like shopping, and I like to drive.''' ,'''I don't want to be a 'teen star' because so many people don't ever grow out of that.''' ,'''Jonathan Bennett and I are very close friends.''' ,'''Meeting my daughter for the first time was the most special moment of my life. They laid Julia on my chest in the delivery room, and my heart completely melted. She was just so peaceful.''' ,'''Being a parent can be overwhelming at times, but it's something we're figuring out as we go.''' ,'''Do what you're passionate about.''' ,'''You can overcome anything.''' ,'''The judgment, criticism, and rejection you face as an actor can be overwhelming.''' ,'''When you become a mother, it's a common thing that you just want to put every ounce of your being into your child, which is a very beautiful experience.''' ,'''I need to decide whether to apply for college or delay it for a couple of years while I pursue some more acting projects. Right now I'm trying to sort things out, so I can make the right choices.''' ,'''I was raised cooking my grandmother's food, my mom's recipes.''' ,'''This is my dream. I've been doing this since I was a kid, and I've been blessed to work and be a working actor, and there's not a day that goes by that I'm not thankful for that, but my priorities have definitely shifted.''' ,'''I like to take pictures of lots of things: people-such as my nephews, my dogs, and just interesting objects that I see. For instance, I might take a picture of flowers by the side of the road, an old sign or a fence.''' ,'''My biggest project is being a momma!''' ,'''We always do a white elephant gift exchange on Christmas Eve, but my mom always gets really nice gifts for it. And we hang out in our PJs on Christmas Day.''' ,'''I always wanted to entertain. When I was little, I would sing in front of the mirror with a hairbrush or my sisters and I would make shows. I always wanted to be on TV.''' ,'''I like that, in voice acting, you can play different characters than you can when you're on camera and you're limited by your physical being.''' ,'''I grew up with a little brother, and we would always watch 'Transformers' together, and he had all the toys. So I was really thrilled and honored to be a part of this franchise.''' ,'''The only way I can be there and really get into the character is if I'm her.''' ,'''It's more fun if you can control things like lighting and make special effects in the darkroom.''' ,'''I loved school. But when I started 'Party of Five' in the fifth grade, I was taken out of school and tutored on the set.''' ,'''My mother and I have always had a very close relationship, so I wanted to honor my mom by naming my daughter Julia as well.''' ,'''I sing; I started my career at 9 years old in 'Les Miserables' on Broadway.''' ,'''I would love for a 'Mean Girls 2' to happen.''' ,'''I absolutely love to laugh.''' ,'''We did a remake of Lost in Space. Filmed it in London for four months.''' ,'''Neve Campbell, Scott Wolf, and Paula Devicqu - we all keep in close touch. Especially now that I have the baby, I want to share her with my extended family. And I do consider them part of my extended family.''' ,'''I hope maybe I'll be in a Christmas movie that becomes part of someone's holiday tradition.''' ,'''Playing a real-life character is definitely a lot more responsibility than one that is fictionalized.''' ,'''Navigating the transition from child actor to an adult actor isn't easy.''' ,]
+++