+++
author = "Larry Wilcox"
title = "Larry Wilcox Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Larry Wilcox Quotes"
keywords = "larry wilcox,larry wilcox quotes,larry wilcox quote,larry wilcox sayings,larry wilcox saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Life can be a bore if you're constantly walking sidewalks instead of a tightrope once in a while.''' ,'''The film business was a great lesson in business combat and what it takes to survive.''' ,'''I'm very candid.''' ,'''I've been very selective in what I did and didn't do.''' ,'''I have a special interest in children who have lost a parent or loved one in the line of duty as they served their country as a police officer, firefighter, federal agent or member of the military, but children all over the word need help and an opportunity to flourish.''' ,'''I have learned a great deal in my life, and DeMolay helped me to learn that character and integrity should be cornerstones in your life. As a Senior DeMolay, as a father, the best advice I could ever give would be to take the high road in life, and you will be able to build trusting relationships.''' ,'''Family is very important to me because that is the footprint we perpetuate. That is, the ripple in the water when the rock first impacts the pool, and it is those waves, that energy that one produces, that determines our direction.''' ,'''My goal would be to make Frank Capra-type films about real people, how they define their reality.''' ,'''Exposing your ignorance is how you get somebody to embrace you.''' ,'''I've always felt that children are the flowers of our future.''' ,'''The literary aspect of the film business excites me, but show business in general doesn't take any mental giant.''' ,'''A lot of people in film run around with a facade and use the right vocabulary and think they're mental giants, but it's very limiting.''' ,'''Everyone in business is tenacious and extremely aggressive. If you're not a 'now' person - do it right now - then you're not going to be successful. I like that kind of mentality.''' ,'''I learned a lesson that I don't ever want to be a CEO.''' ,'''I love to act, but business is more interesting because it's more competitive and involves more people. There's more 'now' mentality and energy. Intellectually, it's a lot more interesting.''' ,'''I guess I'm just a frustrated cowboy.''' ,'''I owe the public a good performance, the best I can give. We really bust our chops on 'CHiPs' but when I go home and get a weekend off, I want to spend it quietly, with my lady.''' ,'''I don't mind talking about 'what might have been,' but I am not one to doubt or regret most of my decisions.''' ,'''Dentistry was an ego trip, and acting is a personal need. Usually it's the reverse, and I honestly don't think I had the talent in my hands to be a good dentist.''' ,'''It's like with a girl: it's more fun to meet and slowly, gradually learn things about each other. A little mystery is always nice and it's interesting to still learn new things about someone you are involved with.''' ,'''Another thing I like to do is sit back and take in nature. To look at the birds, listen to their singing, go hiking, camping and jogging and running, walking along the beach, playing games and sometimes being alone with the great outdoors. It's very special to me.''' ,'''I was raised on a ranch in Wyoming, and I've been riding horses most of my life.''' ,'''I just didn't realize how powerful 'CHiPs' was.''' ,]
+++