+++
author = "Francine Pascal"
title = "Francine Pascal Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Francine Pascal Quotes"
keywords = "francine pascal,francine pascal quotes,francine pascal quote,francine pascal sayings,francine pascal saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I get some of my ideas from watching my three daughters, but most of them come from my own memories of growing up. I can remember how romantic I was, not just about love, but romance in the classic sense - the romantic ideals: of honor and truth, of loyalty, sacrifice and fairness. Those were the elements that made a story satisfying to me.''' ,'''I always loved reading. Growing up, my favorite book was 'A Child's Garden of Verses,' by Robert Louis Stevenson.''' ,'''I don't do rewrites. I put all the pages in a pile next to the typewriter.''' ,'''When I first thought of the idea for 'Sweet Valley High,' I loved the idea of high school as microcosm of the real world. And what I really liked was how it moved things on from 'Sleeping Beauty'-esque romance novels where the girl had to wait for the hero. This would be girl-driven, very different, I decided - and indeed it is.''' ,'''The same way that some people can play the piano, I can do plots! They just come!''' ,'''I like to play poker. I have a nice poker group that's been going on for years.''' ,'''Since I was a small child, I was always writing either poems or plays... plays in which I had the starring part.''' ,'''I always had a fascination with twins.''' ,'''I know you think that when you're 35, 45, 55, you'll be different. But I'm going to let you in on a bit of a secret. You're going to look different, and your life is going to be different, but in your head you'll always be that 16-year-old girl.''' ,'''No matter when you were born or where, puberty is the same. It's the same for your parents as it is for you - what's happening in your body dictates everything.''' ,]
+++