+++
author = "Alexandra Paul"
title = "Alexandra Paul Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Alexandra Paul Quotes"
keywords = "alexandra paul,alexandra paul quotes,alexandra paul quote,alexandra paul sayings,alexandra paul saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm trying to practice owning less stuff.''' ,'''For me, going vegan was an ethical and environmental decision. I'm doing the right thing by the animals.''' ,'''I'm very much a lead by example person.''' ,'''Meat is an inefficient way to eat. An acre of land can yield 20,000 pounds of potatoes, but that same acre would only graze enough cows to get 165 pounds of meat.''' ,'''I loved doing Baywatch. It was so much fun!''' ,'''I'm not particularly impressed with going 50 miles per gallon. That doesn't impress me when we can go to the moon.''' ,'''Power, as in the power structure, is why we are still using gas in cars.''' ,'''The human overpopulation issue is the topic I see as the most vital to solve if our children and grandchildren are to have a good quality of life.''' ,'''If the whole world went vegan, there would be less war. How you eat determines your mood and your outlook on life.''' ,'''I don't wear leather, wool, or silk.''' ,'''There is a reason it is called fossil fuel-it is an outdated method of getting power.''' ,'''Unless everyone grasps the importance of having only two children per couple, wars won't be over just oil anymore, they will be over water and food.''' ,'''Women have this obsession with shoes.''' ,'''I'm very out of style... or I should say I have my own style.''' ,'''I don't think I miss anything by not watching television.''' ,'''I really haven't been cognitive of gas prices. It wasn't until I filled up my husband's Toyota Prius Hybrid that I had a moment of understanding of how people who drive gas cars feel.''' ,'''I don't always buy organic food. It is more expensive.''' ,'''I had never been able to get a car that said how much I cared about the environment until I drove electric.''' ,'''I've always preferred food be on the blander side.''' ,'''The cars we drive say a lot about us.''' ,'''When the Exxon Valdez spilled in 1989, I was angry. I even wrote on the back of my car, Boycott Exxon!''' ,'''The only way people are going to change their car buying habits, and the only way government will get behind alternatively fueled vehicles, is if gasoline prices continue to go up.''' ,'''The big companies and their short-term bottom line rule this country.''' ,'''I really believe in non-violence, but I also believe in a short of resistance that has to be respectful.''' ,'''Electric cars aren't pollution-free; they have to get their energy from somewhere.''' ,'''I know I'm an actor, but I'm not at all a believer in people watching a lot of TV. I've never had television in my home.''' ,]
+++