+++
author = "Austin Butler"
title = "Austin Butler Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Austin Butler Quotes"
keywords = "austin butler,austin butler quotes,austin butler quote,austin butler sayings,austin butler saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Depression and anxiety can't fit in your head if you're cultivating feelings of joy and inspiration.''' ,'''I don't have many walls that I put up.''' ,'''How someone treats a waiter or doorman can tell you so much about a person.''' ,'''I was scouted at the age of 10 by a Hollywood agent. I was a really shy, geeky-looking thing, and started in the industry by doing 'extra' work on films.''' ,'''I've always been really into action movies. Since I was little, that was my favorite type of film.''' ,'''Film and television are just different. Film is cool because it's a complete package. You know the beginning, middle, and end. You can plan it out more, which I like. But with television you get a new script every week, so it's constantly a mystery as to what you're going to be doing.''' ,'''I love English girls! I adore all their different accents. Who knows, I could find a British girlfriend on my travels!''' ,'''You can go the route of not living your life at all - and a lot of actors do that, where they just won't even go out of the house at all - but it makes life so unenjoyable. You can't go out, you can't hold hands with your girlfriend, you can't do any of these things.''' ,'''I think it's important to have a dream and to follow your heart.''' ,'''I've never actually been to prom.''' ,'''As soon as you start feeling like you can't trust the person and you need to check his phone or have his Facebook password or look through his messages - as soon as that trust barrier is broken - it's hard to keep a relationship going after that.''' ,'''I am such a music fiend. I go after so many different types of music. I'm on iTunes constantly just buying new music!''' ,'''I was home schooled starting in seventh grade.''' ,'''I've played guitar and piano for a while, so it's really fun to play music on film.''' ,'''Humans make mistakes.''' ,'''I'd always loved movies. I watch them all the time; my dad is a huge movie buff.''' ,'''I went through a period when I was rebellious and a mess of a person.''' ,]
+++