+++
author = "Daisy Fuentes"
title = "Daisy Fuentes Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Daisy Fuentes Quotes"
keywords = "daisy fuentes,daisy fuentes quotes,daisy fuentes quote,daisy fuentes sayings,daisy fuentes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just thought any workout that is effective and I can do while laying down I'm signing up for.''' ,'''I think I would have been so much in awe of the movie set, the people and what everybody's job was, that I don't know if I would be able to concentrate on the character.''' ,'''And right away as soon as I started doing Pilates, about 2 to 3 weeks into it I could tell that my clothes were already fitting differently. And I felt stronger than ever. My core felt tighter than ever.''' ,'''I love to feel glamourous. I love to have other women feel glamourous.''' ,'''I was an accidental model. One day I was asked to me a model by a neighbor who was short on models. Then I got into TV.''' ,'''When I was a junior, boys were allowed to come visit me at the house. We could sit on the porch until about 8 o'clock at night; that's when it started getting dark. That was it.''' ,'''TV is my first love and I haven't disappeared from it totally.''' ,'''I believe my customer knows her style and knows how to mix and match your style.''' ,'''You have got to pay attention, you have got to study and you have to do your homework. You have to score higher than everybody else. Otherwise, there is always somebody there waiting to take your place.''' ,'''You are not alone with a guy until you are a proper age. You don't go to certain levels with men until you are married or you have a certain relationship.''' ,'''To do a really good interview, you have to be truly interested in the person.''' ,'''I was born in Havana, Cuba and raised in Madrid, Spain. Then I moved to New Jersey.''' ,'''I thought that I was going to have to pay them to do what I wanted to do, that was how much fun I was having. You're 20 years old and you're hanging out with rock stars and going to fabulous parties, and then you talk about it!''' ,'''Fits did not go over well in my house. There was a lot of discipline and obedience and you had to be very ladylike. Ladies didn't curse and I still don't curse in front of my parents.''' ,'''It is nasty. You can think that you know someone in this business and you really don't. You can be stabbed in the back very easily. You can be praised very easily. It doesn't matter who you are or what you do.''' ,'''I just smoked a Cohiba the other day. It was great. You have to appreciate everything that cigar is.''' ,'''I love sitting down and talking to people. CNBC gave me a chance to do it in a way that I liked. They gave me a chance to also develop the skills to learn from my mistakes.''' ,]
+++