+++
author = "Mick Hucknall"
title = "Mick Hucknall Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Mick Hucknall Quotes"
keywords = "mick hucknall,mick hucknall quotes,mick hucknall quote,mick hucknall sayings,mick hucknall saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I thought of Britain as a moderate place. Britain isn't a place of majority madness, we're not like that.''' ,'''People always tell me that redheads go silver. Long, silver-grey hair would be my ideal way of ageing.''' ,'''I feel enormously privileged to be part of the generation that witnessed the magic of the Beatles first hand, and I think 'A Hard Day's Night' connected with my four-year-old self because it was the whole package: an album and a movie.''' ,'''I'm from the punk generation, but I make romantic, soft soul music. I like the bizarre disconnect of that but, clearly, some people don't.''' ,'''I grew up in Denton, east Manchester, and was raised by my late father, Reg, a barber.''' ,'''I first heard Miles Davis as a student, when I was struck by his extraordinary musicianship, and his work did affect some of the sounds of Simply Red. He was one of the reasons I chose to have a muted trumpet on 'Holding Back the Years.'''' ,'''Possessions aren't my raison d'etre.''' ,'''My mum left when I was three and my dad never remarried.''' ,'''Tony Blair's a friend.''' ,'''Family is so important, I know that.''' ,'''In January 1999, I proposed an initiative to the Music Industry Forum which I called Communities In Tune. Its aim was to bring community centres to the Internet generation.''' ,'''I am grateful I have been blessed with a family that I never imagined I would ever even understand what that is, let alone have my own family.''' ,'''To properly fund the NHS, we must ALL chip in. As a fully paid U.K. tax resident since 1985, I'd be proud to contribute to that.''' ,'''I first sang 'Holding Back the Years' in my earliest band, Frantic Elevators. When the Elevators split and I started Simply Red, I returned to the song and wrote the 'I'll keep holding on' chorus.''' ,'''At art school, a teacher said: 'The best paintings are when you get lost in a piece of work and start painting in a stream of consciousness.' I wanted to do music, not art, so started writing lyrics that way. The first song I wrote was called 'Ice Cream and Wafers.' The next was 'Holding Back the Years.'''' ,'''I had a spate of being run over between the ages of 11 and 13. I was quite a rambunctious child, I had a little moped I used to ride illegally. I got hit by cars three times because I was a very day-dreamy kid.''' ,'''I would say the worst period of my life was between 1997 and 2000. I was lost, I was all at odds. I needed a family, I guess.''' ,'''I have great memories of my time at Manchester Poly. I still enjoy DJing from time to time.''' ,'''A Hard Day's Night' is the most perfect pop album you'll ever get to hear in your life; it's filled with definitive versions of the two-minute pop song.''' ,'''I didn't want to be one of those touring musicians who get to hear about their daughter taking her first steps while they're in New Zealand.''' ,'''Whatever the means of delivery, whatever the technological and corporate structures, music will always be about groups of talented individual performers communicating emotionally with individual fans.''' ,'''As a teenager you bounce off your mum, they give you guidance.''' ,'''I wanted love from every single woman on the planet because I didn't have my mother's love.''' ,'''I must have been six or seven - standing in front of a full-length mirror with a yardstick, pretending to be John Lennon. In my head, I was always going to be a singer, and The Beatles were probably the first musicians that had a major impact.''' ,'''My long-term girlfriends have always had something special about them.''' ,'''Allowing valuable sound recordings to pass into the public domain does not create a public asset: it represents a massive destruction of U.K. wealth and a significant loss to the U.K. taxpayer.''' ,'''I am a 'champagne socialist,' and I'm proud of it.''' ,'''My dad knew I was mad about music. While he worked as a barber he would hear songs on the radio and we'd have endless discussions about them. So I got my first record player when I was 11 years old.''' ,'''I get great creative pleasure from my work.''' ,'''I'm a songwriter, my love of music has never left me and I literally don't seem to be able to stop writing songs, they keep coming.''' ,'''I think my music ran parallel to a lot of people's lives. We were always chugging along in the background.''' ,'''In 1998 when I did the album 'Blue,' that was my worst phase.''' ,'''Corbyn Labour's budget numbers simply don't add up on the NHS and the economy.''' ,'''I can't vote for Corbyn.''' ,'''Copyright is fundamentally socialist - it is radical and redistributive, subversive even. How else would you describe a form of property that anyone can create out of nothing?''' ,'''Around 1988 I started to 'dread' my hair; because it's curly, it would go into dreads naturally if I stopped combing it. But the dreads went down only one side, so I had to have extensions put in.''' ,'''Wine is my passion. I'm not keen on the snobbery or elitism of wine, that's not what it's about - I just really enjoy it.''' ,'''It took me years to learn to deal with the realities of fame and success. It's hard work sometimes but clearly the pluses outweigh the negatives.''' ,'''Whatever I do winds people up. I've been tattooed with every one of those criticisms.''' ,'''I like good food and I've always had a very natural empathy with women.''' ,'''Copyright promotes artistic creativity and the free circulation of ideas.''' ,'''For some, music is a limitless source of cheap content, just waiting to be exploited.''' ,'''You're damn right I'm comfortable, I've worked very hard to be comfortable. But something I've always tried to impress upon people is that these folks in the houses of parliament affect what's in your wage packet, the welfare of your kids, your health. Why wouldn't we be interested in it?''' ,'''My dad's generation was stony-faced.''' ,'''I don't want to be a slave to commercial success any more.''' ,'''I love quality drinks - a really good beer, or a great wine.''' ,'''Those who say they're not ambitious are being disingenuous.''' ,'''Everyone dreams of being in a band because they want to be like the Beatles, but even the Beatles weren't always that happy.''' ,'''I'm really bad with dates and never know what I'm doing from one day to the next.''' ,'''Composing is what drives me; it's not the pursuit of fame. My songs are like pages in a diary.''' ,'''I'm a troublemaker.''' ,'''Money's Too Tight to Mention' was about as big an anti-Thatcherite message as you can get in pop music. There was a vast swath of the British media at that time that were rabid Thatcherites; do you think they are going to take kindly to me? Then I got hit by the left, because we were too popular.''' ,'''You live the life of a gipsy when you are on tour, and that's not ideal for family life.''' ,'''I'm quite happy being famous for what I do but I'm not happy about being famous for the sake of being famous.''' ,'''The way I'm distorted and intentionally misquoted has been going on since 1985.''' ,'''I actually felt sorry for Liverpool bands like Bunnymen and Wah!, having this immense pressure of following the Beatles. I suppose I responded to that challenge by being nothing like them. I carved my own thing.''' ,'''I knew I was famous the day I played football with mates in L.A. I scored a goal and Rod Stewart jumped on top of me. I thought: 'I had a poster of you on my wall when I was 12.'''' ,'''I am one of the best singer-songwriters this country has produced. Ever.''' ,'''I've read some amazingly derogatory things about me over the years and I've sat there and thought: if you replaced 'ginger' with 'black' or even 'Asian,' you'd be up in front of a judge.''' ,'''I wish I had known my mother, but I've only met her twice. I can only figure about people who were there for me and she wasn't.''' ,'''I've always thought my dad was fantastic and now I'm a dad myself I can see what an incredible sacrifice he made as a man in the 60s - he was there every day for me, cooked my meals and shaped me.''' ,'''Tom Jones told me only a few singers have got the pipes, and he's right. He has. Sinatra did. I have.''' ,'''Music was my only outlet as a teenager. I always had the gift of music; I was singing at the age of four.''' ,'''Being abandoned by my mother gives me a sense of insecurity that I will never recover from. I have to try and recreate that balance by trying to create a sense of self-worth. And yes, being on stage is a part of that.''' ,'''Family puts things in perspective.''' ,'''The last Simply Red album, 'Stay,' was good, but the first three tracks were designed for radio play. They were written to meet people's expectations of Simply Red.''' ,'''I felt trapped by my success.''' ,'''People are racist about redheads in a way they'd never dare to be about black or Asian people.''' ,'''I just want to write songs in my little corner. And I still love music, I've not been worn down by cynicism.''' ,'''What helped a lot was becoming a dad at 47. I can't begin to imagine how I would have coped when I was just starting out with Simply Red. Gabriella and I would have been another one of those divorce statistics.''' ,'''Copyright's democratising effect is seen most clearly in the music business. Anyone who can speak, sing, rap or hum and operate a simple sound recorder can create a copyright song. Imagination is the only limit.''' ,'''As I've gotten older I've got more bass in my voice but also because I don't talk very much during the day I've managed to keep my voice in good condition.''' ,'''My dad was one of the reasons I kept Simply Red going so long. I was brought up to stick at things. I was the only songwriter in Simply Red, so I could have toured under my own banner. But I'd developed the name, so I stuck with it.''' ,'''Privatization of utilities costs would be astronomical, as would setting up a National Bank.''' ,'''Otis Redding was the ultimate 60s soul singer. We only get an indication of what he might have become, but he had the best soul pipes a lad could wish for.''' ,'''Once I had a daughter and I had a wife I knew I was going to enter a completely different world that I'd never known before.''' ,'''The Beatles and the Stones had Elvis and Hollywood, but when it came to my generation America meant Richard Nixon and Vietnam.''' ,'''The reason I'm uncomfortable with celebrity and don't care about it is that none of that matters. I think that's why people attack me and think I'm arrogant. I've never felt the need to justify myself. If I make good music, that music will do the job for me, even when I'm dead and gone.''' ,'''I have sensitive skin, so if I shave every day, I go blotchy. I tend to shave and leave it a couple of days. Then a couple of days becomes a week, I look up and I've grown a beard.''' ,'''Comfortable and political can go together quite well.''' ,'''For my profession, you need hair.''' ,'''I feel a bit like the antichrist as I had the bulk of my success in the 80s and I hate 80s music.''' ,'''I'm one of the people that's managed to rise above my class, that's the working- class dream, the whole Lennon-esque, John Osborne kind of thing, you know - jump out - if you get the opportunity to better yourself that's fantastic, and I've done it.''' ,'''There's no such thing as a typical day because I lead a very random life.''' ,'''I've got one of those heart-shaped faces and I take weight on my cheeks and jowls and gut, so in pictures I look much heavier than I actually am.''' ,'''People strive for success, but it's very lonely at the top. Now I realise the ultimate prize is a family.''' ,'''All the best British groups were inspired by black American music. With The Beatles, it was Motown and the blues. With me, it was a mixture of British styles and the more sophisticated Seventies soul of Barry White and Marvin Gaye.''' ,'''Strong copyright protection is not only compatible with future digital business models: it is an essential pre-condition of their success.''' ,'''Musical recording history is full of multi-racial collaborations and it is this cross-pollination that has created the magic of Ellington, Sinatra and the Beatles. I am merely a part of that tradition.''' ,'''I'm going to write music that's appropriate to my age. And if younger people want to come along with me, they're welcome to.''' ,'''I keep reading that I'm diminutive - why do people call me that? I'm 5ft 11in with size 11 feet. I'd actually like smaller feet. It might be a fetish, but I do like graceful feet, and small ones lend themselves to grace.''' ,'''When we treat music as an industrial commodity, and young people as merely consumers, we overlook the joy of participating in music... of learning to play an instrument, of joining a band or an orchestra, and playing gigs.''' ,'''Fatherhood has changed me completely.''' ,'''Ageing is something to celebrate. If you can avoid long-term debilitating injury and illness, it's something you have to embrace because the other choice is being dead. So embrace it, grow with it. And that's what I try and do.''' ,'''A red-headed man is not generally considered to be a sexual icon.''' ,'''For a frontman of a band, good hair is a requisite.''' ,'''I always used to listen to quite a bit of classical music because my dad liked it, and if you've got any ear for music at all you have to enjoy Mozart.''' ,'''I loved the African-American culture, but racism was still a big problem and white America was exactly what I didn't love.''' ,'''When I stopped Simply Red the reason was to bring up my daughter Romy. I wanted to be a dad that was around.''' ,]
+++