+++
author = "Alicia Sacramone"
title = "Alicia Sacramone Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Alicia Sacramone Quotes"
keywords = "alicia sacramone,alicia sacramone quotes,alicia sacramone quote,alicia sacramone sayings,alicia sacramone saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''And I want a gold medal more than anything. I just want a gold medal, so that's been pushing me forward.''' ,'''Beijing didn't go the way I planned and I would have liked to have performed a little bit better personally. After Beijing that is what stuck in my mind. I want a better Olympic finish.''' ,'''I feel blessed to have an opportunity to try out for a second Olympics team and if it doesn't work out, hey I gave it my all.''' ,'''I literally tried every sport and was miserable. Soccer couldn't hold my attention. I couldn't figure skate. I'm afraid to swim. So I did dance for five years. It came a time where I was getting a little bit bored with it.''' ,'''When I was trying out for my first Olympics at 16, my family and coaches tried to regulate what I ate. But the stricter they got, the more I rebelled.''' ,'''I had ridiculous amounts of energy. Mom's like, you're driving me crazy - do you want to try gymnastics? From the moment I started it, I loved it and it kind of was like storybook from there.''' ,'''Growing up I definitely looked up to Dominique Moceanu. She was my favorite gymnast and she was on that '96 Olympic team. She was always so fun to watch. I kind of wanted to model my career after hers.''' ,'''As a gymnast, you always wear spandex. Being a teenager wearing spandex? It was tough accepting how my body looked, especially if there was any weight gain.''' ,'''I love chocolate. I like milk and dark chocolate, but definitely not white.''' ,'''It was probably right after I made my comeback - after retiring post-2008 Olympics - when I finally felt more at ease with my body. Being away from the sport helped put things in perspective.''' ,'''I like that my body is in shape and toned, and isn't too muscular. I feel I still have a woman's physique.''' ,'''I try not to deprive myself of anything. I don't do the low-carb thing or anything like that.''' ,'''During the week I have workout every day from 9 to noon, then I get to rest, then back to the gym from 4:30 P.M. to 8:30 P.M.''' ,'''I got a custom-made silk dress from a Chinese tailor for really cheap. I sketched it out on a piece of paper, and they took my measurements and made the dress for me in a day!''' ,'''It was a dream come true for me to be at the Olympics.''' ,'''I really want to go back to school and finish up my sociology degree.''' ,'''I was terrified of vault, like literally I hated it. I had a fear of running as fast as I could at a solid object, which is I think a normal fear to have because nobody would really want to do that. Once I got over the fear of running into the table I just kind of relaxed and now it's like autopilot. I love it.''' ,'''When you make mistakes during routines, it's not easy getting through them.''' ,]
+++