+++
author = "Heather Cox Richardson"
title = '''Trump brings rhetoric and reality together in a cartoon caricature of a Republican politician that anyone can understand. That gives him a vital role in history. He is the perfect exorcist to drive a stake through the heart of the modern Republican Party.'''
description = '''the best Heather Cox Richardson Quote: Trump brings rhetoric and reality together in a cartoon caricature of a Republican politician that anyone can understand. That gives him a vital role in history. He is the perfect exorcist to drive a stake through the heart of the modern Republican Party.'''
slug = '''trump-brings-rhetoric-and-reality-together-in-a-cartoon-caricature-of-a-republican-politician-that-anyone-can-understand-that-gives-him-a-vital-role-in-history-he-is-the-perfect-exorcist-to-drive-a-stake-through-the-heart-of-the-modern-republican-party'''
keywords = '''Trump brings rhetoric and reality together in a cartoon caricature of a Republican politician that anyone can understand. That gives him a vital role in history. He is the perfect exorcist to drive a stake through the heart of the modern Republican Party.,heather cox richardson,heather cox richardson quotes,heather cox richardson quote,heather cox richardson sayings,heather cox richardson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation'''
+++
Trump brings rhetoric and reality together in a cartoon caricature of a Republican politician that anyone can understand. That gives him a vital role in history. He is the perfect exorcist to drive a stake through the heart of the modern Republican Party.
