+++
author = "Kay Hagan"
title = "Kay Hagan Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Kay Hagan Quotes"
keywords = "kay hagan,kay hagan quotes,kay hagan quote,kay hagan sayings,kay hagan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to look at the whole package, but I definitely want to protect the middle-class taxpayer, first and foremost.''' ,'''For too long, Americans have fallen victim to financial abuses at the hands of predatory lenders that operate in the shadows.''' ,'''The Small Business 'common app' would function much like the one that students complete to apply to multiple colleges and universities simultaneously. It would ensure that small businesses across the country can concentrate on growing and creating jobs - not wasting time, filling out mountains of repetitive paperwork.''' ,'''I need to be looking at what's important in North Carolina, and you better believe that's what I will do.''' ,'''I'm up for re-election in 2014, and yes I do plan to run for re-election.''' ,'''Well, I believe in God. I taught Sunday school.''' ,'''North Carolina is strong because our people are strong. They define our state - by their hard work, commitment to their families and neighbors, their willingness to sacrifice so that their children can have a chance to forge their own path.''' ,'''My faith guides my life.''' ,'''People like Elizabeth Dole have given too much power to the special interests.''' ,'''I want to use every tool in the toolbox that's at our disposal to help our economy and put people back to work.''' ,'''North Carolina is home to some of the largest financial institutions in the country, and a vibrant network of community banks. We're a banking state, and we're proud of that distinction. But we also understand that responsible financial regulation protects consumers and businesses.''' ,'''We in Congress need to do everything possible to encourage and cultivate small businesses, so that they can expand and create jobs. Far too often, however, U.S. small businesses are impeded by government paperwork and bureaucratic red tape.''' ,'''After much thought and prayer, I have come to my own personal conclusion that we shouldn't tell people who they can love or who they can marry.''' ,'''Religious institutions should have religious freedom on this issue. No church or minister should ever have to conduct a marriage that is inconsistent with their religious beliefs. But I think as a civil institution, this issue's time has come and we need to move forward.''' ,'''The fabric of North Carolina and what makes our state so special is our families and our common desire for a brighter future for our children. No matter what your family looks like, we all want the same thing for our families - happiness, health, prosperity, a bright future for our children and grandchildren.''' ,]
+++