+++
author = "Anne Graham Lotz"
title = "Anne Graham Lotz Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Anne Graham Lotz Quotes"
keywords = "anne graham lotz,anne graham lotz quotes,anne graham lotz quote,anne graham lotz sayings,anne graham lotz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In the Bible, ordination - I don't see that in the Scripture. In the Bible, it's whether you're filled with the Holy Spirit, whether you're anointed by God, whether you're called by God, whether you're obedient to Him. I want to be those things, but I don't see any purpose for me in being ordained.''' ,'''I don't take any money from my ministry. I'm not on salary. My husband supports me.''' ,'''Around 1998, I went through lots of pressures and struggles. My children got married within eight months of each other, my son was diagnosed with cancer and went through major surgery and radiation, my mother had five life-threatening hospitalizations where I stayed with her, my husband's dental office burned to the ground.''' ,'''One misconception is that if we follow God in the life of faith, and that means obedience - that we read His Word, we're obedient, we pray, we go to church, we do the right things - that somehow His blessing means we're going to be okay.''' ,'''I'm living my life for an audience of one. I live my life to please God. And I believe if He's pleased, that people like my mother and my daddy, my grandparents, you know, my husband, my children, they'll be pleased.''' ,'''I don't want to be entertained. I don't want visuals or musicals. I don't want a vacation. I don't want to quit. I don't want sympathy. The cry of my heart is 'Just Give Me Jesus.'''' ,'''You can work all your life and make all the waters in all the rivers on Earth drinkable, but if, when you die, you are not ready to meet God, it doesn't matter.''' ,'''My life's goal is not to write books; my life's goal is to know God better today. The neat thing about a goal like that is you can achieve it. Faith is constant; it's a relationship.''' ,'''If God can bring blessing from the broken body of Jesus and glory from something that's obscene as the cross, He can bring blessing from my problems and my pain and my unanswered prayer.''' ,'''The blessing of my mother is that she is so interested, she is so bright, she never complains - the joy of the Lord just bubbles out of her. Anybody who's in her presence is blessed to be there.''' ,'''I want to take my focus off myself and focus on God. It's like setting your spiritual compass so no matter which way you turn during the day, whatever comes up, then my thoughts go back to Him and whatever He said that morning.''' ,'''There were so many outstanding women in scripture that were leaders. And, you know, the organized church sometimes puts boundaries on us that the Bible doesn't.''' ,'''I think of religion as man's attempt to reach God, and you can't do that.''' ,'''When the storms of life come, if they come to me personally, to my family or to the world, I want to be strong enough to stand and be a strength to somebody else, be shelter for somebody else.''' ,'''Death is a door. When we close our eyes in this life, we will open our eyes to Jesus.''' ,'''Every time I see my brother, I just praise God for God's grace in his life. Because if God can change Franklin from a prodigal into a man of God, he can do it for anybody.''' ,'''I've had Christians treat me in a way that is so wrong and so vicious, I realized there's a difference between God's people and God.''' ,'''When life is good and we have no problems, we can almost let ourselves believe we have no need for God. But in my experience, sometimes the richest blessings come through pain and hard things.''' ,'''Sometimes when you're suffering really intensely, you can't pray for yourself.''' ,'''I get up earlier than my husband and I intentionally spend time in prayer and Bible reading just to focus myself for the day, because the days get crazy.''' ,'''I think some people who say they're not Christians can behave in a more godly fashion than people who call themselves Christians.''' ,'''There is nothing at all that God won't forgive.''' ,'''I felt that one of the things God impressed on me was that I needed to start a nonprofit corporation, so that any money that came my way, whether it was an honorarium, a book sale or a gift, would go into a nonprofit ministry.''' ,'''My hope is that this life is not all there is. This life is like preparation for what is coming next, and what is coming next is something so glorious that the Bible says minds can't conceive it, eye has never seen, your imagination could never even enter into all that God is preparing for those who love him.''' ,'''Some people who suffer run away from God, and I know the tendency, but instead I just run to Him.''' ,'''It has been religious people, often within the organized church, who have been the most critical of and even hostile to my relationship with God.''' ,'''I read God's word when I am not suffering. And then I don't have to all of a sudden establish this habit when I am hurting.''' ,'''It was when my children were 5, 3 and 10 months old that I just felt the desperate need to get to know God through the pages of my Bible. And as a result, I started a Bible class in my city for the primary purpose of being in it.''' ,'''I believe that God has a plan and purpose not only for the human race, but for my individual life.''' ,'''I do not believe evil men are led by God. I believe there are plots of evil. We live in a sinful world, and there are a lot of things that happen as a result of sin.''' ,'''I'll tell you what, I love my daddy. And he's so special. He's meant so much to me, so it's not a thorn in my side to be known as Billy Graham's daughter. It's a privilege.''' ,'''As burned as I've been by local churches and by people who call themselves in God's name, Jesus gave us the church. It's supposed to be a community of like-minded people who encourage and strengthen each other. But that's not how it always works.''' ,'''If I can center down and strengthen the core of who I am, and the core of who I am is my relationship with God, then that helps me maintain peace deep down. If I can maintain a healthy spiritual core, I think that's enormous for helping the stress.''' ,'''Abraham wasn't perfect. He failed, made mistakes. But, he would go back, get right with God, and then just keep moving forward. He didn't quit when things got hard. He just kept on going. And everywhere he went, God was there. God was with him.''' ,'''Are you facing a superheated furnace? What God wants is for you to look full in the face of Jesus. Get your focus off whatever it is that appears to be unanswered and focus on the Son.''' ,'''Abraham is such a fascinating figure. Three world religions - Judaism, Christianity, and Islam - all claim him as a patriarch. He was raised in a religious home. And yet he rejected religion in order to pursue a personal relationship with God.''' ,'''Religion can be one of the greatest impediments to finding God.''' ,'''When I put my faith in Jesus Christ as my savior, and I asked him to forgive and to come into my life, and He does - from that moment forward I have established a personal relationship with God that I have to develop, you know, through Bible reading and prayer, and living my life for him.''' ,'''Even as a teenager, I felt that for whatever reason that we were living very close to the end of human history. And now at my age I believe that with almost an increasing certainty.''' ,'''When Jesus says you must leave your family to follow Him, he doesn't necessarily mean physically. He means leave your dependence on them, make an emotional break with them.''' ,'''Just like you need to strengthen your core physically with exercise, you also need to strength your core spiritually.''' ,'''Besides walking, I do stretches every day. I had back trouble starting when I turned 40, so I have to stretch out my muscles every day.''' ,]
+++