+++
author = "Martin Naughton"
title = "Martin Naughton Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Martin Naughton Quotes"
keywords = "martin naughton,martin naughton quotes,martin naughton quote,martin naughton sayings,martin naughton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are still a lot of people who have the expectation that they're entitled to everything and want to pay for nothing.''' ,'''You can't run a €10 million business the way you run a €1 million business.''' ,'''We cannot rely on imported fuels forever, and we aim to replace traditional oil and gas boiler systems with products which are much more efficient.''' ,'''We recognised from the start that we couldn't just stay in the U.K. and Ireland markets. We have always looked to the products of the future. I've always said, 'If you don't innovate, you'll evaporate.'''' ,'''I think we're much harder on ourselves than other people are. This is not a unique situation here... But I never liked the 'Celtic Tiger' as a phrase.''' ,'''It's much more difficult running a business than buying one.''' ,'''I don't think I'd enjoy running a public company. We haven't needed to go to the market to fund expansion.''' ,'''I find politicians globally are somewhat disappointing, not just in Ireland.''' ,'''There's a herd instinct, and every time that people hear an announcement such as PayPal's in Dundalk, they start thinking, 'Ireland must be good if they're investing there', and by extension, 'Dundalk must be good, so let's have a look at it.'''' ,'''We see China becoming an unstoppable force. It's a huge threat and a huge opportunity.''' ,'''We didn't wait for the renewable heat incentives to come into place; we wanted to be first to provide consumers with alternative ways to heat their homes.''' ,'''Being Irish means you belong to the clan. It's what you feel. They feel Irish.''' ,'''Making new products is an easy tap for a company in a recession.''' ,'''The only way you can acquire anything is by writing a cheque. At the end of the day you're writing a personal cheque, which tends to concentrate the mind.''' ,]
+++