+++
author = "David Eigenberg"
title = "David Eigenberg Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 David Eigenberg Quotes"
keywords = "david eigenberg,david eigenberg quotes,david eigenberg quote,david eigenberg sayings,david eigenberg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think there's a big difference between New York and Chicago.''' ,'''You can never have too much ketchup, 'cause it's a food group.''' ,'''In Hollywood, they don't care about hurting anyone's feelings.''' ,'''I've had an amazing career.''' ,'''I never pushed the envelope of wanting people to know me, or be on the covers of magazines. I just want to enjoy what I'm doing.''' ,'''I'm a hard-luck kind of guy. Usually, things that I hope for don't go my way, so I'm very used to that. In fact, I expect it.''' ,'''You never know when your last day gig is, and if you spend your life thinking about it, you'll drive yourself nuts. But I try not to foster or exhibit any desperation.''' ,'''I've always tried to stay fit, but I'm a little guy. I'm 5-foot-7.''' ,'''You never know what's going to happen. It's kind of nice to limit your expectations so when something clicks, you go, 'Hey, that's nice. Thank you.'''' ,'''I became a genius on 'Ed,' though I'm not sure it was very convincing.''' ,'''I'm happy to work when I've worked, and you've got to take the hard times with the good times. But there are times where I'm not as financially set as one might assume. So you have concerns about, 'Wow, I have this level of notoriety and... I better get a job.'''' ,'''I obviously spent a lot of time in New York City, and I loved it, but Chicago has a very different history than New York City does.''' ,'''Some people plan their life out, and it occurs. Others have things they're thinking about, and things don't go that way.''' ,'''New York has a strong focus on the migration of immigrants, and there is a crime element there and even an underbelly, but Chicago is a much harder and more brazen city.''' ,'''You've got to be pretty mean to pick up on women who only know you from television and then cast them aside.''' ,'''Entertainment is very close to religion in this country. If you buy the hype, it can be very dangerous.''' ,'''It's good to be noticed when you are proud of your work.''' ,'''I never had a kid before, and it's the best. It's something you're privileged to be part of, and my favorite things in the world are my kid and wife.''' ,]
+++