+++
author = "Hal Holbrook"
title = "Hal Holbrook Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Hal Holbrook Quotes"
keywords = "hal holbrook,hal holbrook quotes,hal holbrook quote,hal holbrook sayings,hal holbrook saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Man is the religious animal. He is the only one that's got true religion, several of them.''' ,'''I like to be who I am.''' ,'''I don't have a director. The audience directs me.''' ,'''We live in a democracy. We have this extraordinary opportunity to use our mind and say what we think, speak as we think. Sometimes what we say is objectionable to other people. But that is part of a free society.''' ,'''I developed a resistance to authority. Not to discipline - I learned that. But to authority. I like to think for myself. And I like to cause trouble.''' ,'''You can go into Mark Twain's material and prove anything you want. He was against war. He was for war. He was against rich people and he was for them. He was a kaleidoscope.''' ,'''I got a feeling about political correctness. I hate it. It causes us to lie silently instead of saying what we think.''' ,'''Man looks in the abyss, there's nothing staring back at him. At that moment, man finds his character. And that is what keeps him out of the abyss.''' ,'''We don't have truth delivered to us very often, especially in this very commercialized world.''' ,'''One of the problems with putting Huck Finn into a movie or on the stage is, you always make the white people stupid and racist. The point is, they don't know they're racist.''' ,'''Mark Twain cannot be defined.''' ,'''There's no good guys and bad guys.''' ,'''To communicate with each other, we got to get mad at each other sometimes.''' ,'''I have a suicide impulse.''' ,]
+++