+++
author = "James Anderson"
title = "James Anderson Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 James Anderson Quotes"
keywords = "james anderson,james anderson quotes,james anderson quote,james anderson sayings,james anderson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Instinctively I know the difference between general pain from bowling, and pain caused by a specific problem.''' ,'''I realise I would not be the bowler I am today without the experiences, positive and negative, that I have had in Australia down the years.''' ,'''There is something special about the early stages of an Ashes Test. There is this unique buzz.''' ,'''It is easy for people to say 'Go and express yourselves' but you need the players, talent, confidence and environment to do it.''' ,'''You can get suckered into believing you have to always be attacking with the bat, ball or fielding positions. But Test cricket is not always like that. There are times when it is a bit slow paced and even a bit boring.''' ,'''Alastair Cook is one of my best pals.''' ,'''I understand that when a player reaches his mid-thirties, and has a few injuries, people start to question how long he can last.''' ,'''It is scary when bowling how hard batsmen hit it now.''' ,'''An inswinger - that gets an lbw or bowled - after a few outswingers is always very pleasing.''' ,'''I'm very fortunate to have the body I have.''' ,'''Maybe, early on, I had too many coaches, with three or four guys all giving different input.''' ,'''I don't actually have a regular end I bowl from at Old Trafford.''' ,'''I didn't watch a Test match live until I played in my first in 2003.''' ,'''I've played in Test matches before after injury without first playing a county game or warm-up of some sort.''' ,'''I'm always trying to improve whether by being more consistent, accurate, fitter or able to bowl longer spells.''' ,'''I dreamt of playing for Lancashire then but never really thought it would happen.''' ,'''You can feel a bit of extra pressure bowling at your own ground.''' ,'''I'm enjoying playing. As long as that continues, I'll carry on playing as long as I can.''' ,'''I'll tell you something about Glenn McGrath - he was a much better bowler than me. This is not false modesty.''' ,'''At that speed, batsmen are almost trying to premeditate where the ball will be - they feel like they don't have time to react or move. That's the difference between bowling in the mid-80s and the mid-90s.''' ,'''As long as the body feels OK, I'm enjoying playing, helping the team improve and taking wickets, I'll keep going.''' ,'''There's a fiercely competitive rivalry between myself and Virat Kohli - but also enormous mutual respect.''' ,'''There is nothing quite like an Ashes trip Down Under.''' ,'''I've spoken to people who have retired once they lost the enjoyment of a long day in the field or going to the gym. If I lose that, it's time to go.''' ,'''I'm a very competitive person and maybe I'd taken things a bit too far at times.''' ,'''I play a bit of golf, off a 12 handicap.''' ,'''I would like a better record here in Australia but I would like a better record in every country.''' ,'''Part of the reason I fell in love with cricket was watching fast bowlers. They provide a sense of theatre with dramatic, ferocious spells and that applies as much in one-day cricket as in Tests.''' ,'''Ben Stokes, for example, is someone who plays better when he is a bit aggressive - and that's something you don't want to take away from him.''' ,'''I've spent most of my life watching fast bowlers - initially as a kid on TV and later in the flesh when I started playing top-level cricket.''' ,'''I regard sledging, chirping, whatever you want to call it, as one of the weapons at my disposal.''' ,'''When you're a kid, you dream about playing cricket for a living, playing for your county and then your country.''' ,'''The more I can get into my brain the more I can produce on the field.''' ,'''You so often see bowlers pick out a lovely new ball from the bag at nets and it looks great when it swings in the air and nips off the seam with batsmen playing and missing. But you have to simulate match situations. What about when the ball is 60 overs old, the sun is blazing down, the pitch is flat and there's not a hint of movement?''' ,'''The Oval 2018 was one of the most extraordinary Tests I've been involved with.''' ,'''The time to think about personal achievement is at the end of your career.''' ,'''For a fast bowler, not much stress goes through my body.''' ,'''When games are close together you have to draw a line under the first match whether you win or lose, and then start again for the next one.''' ,'''It's great when you can challenge yourself against the top players in tense situations. I've always enjoyed it.''' ,'''If you can dismiss the best in the world, it means you're doing something right and have the quality needed to perform at the highest level.''' ,'''A coach can help only so much. Out on the field you need a partner.''' ,'''From an England point of view they have put money into white-ball cricket because our performances in World Cups has not been good enough, I understand the reasons for that. But we have to be careful not to go too one-day, we have to find a balance because there is such a legacy of Test cricket in this country and we can't lose that.''' ,'''Andrew Strauss captained me through my purple patch.''' ,'''I played at Lancashire when Glen Chapple was 40 to 41 and he was as good as he ever was then.''' ,'''Being away so much makes you treasure those moments you are at home, spending time with your family.''' ,'''It would obviously be a big deal to reach 500 wickets but I don't see it as a target or goal, it's not something that has driven me on.''' ,'''A bully waits until they are in the ascendancy to pounce on people.''' ,'''I managed just five Tests between 2004 and 2006.''' ,'''I've been doing a lot of strength and stretch work to get stronger.''' ,'''An out-and-out fast bowler is one of the great sights in cricket.''' ,'''Getting past 30 as a sportsman, the end could be just around the corner.''' ,'''Test cricket tests your ability as a cricketer but also bring out your true character.''' ,'''I've just enjoyed playing for England - it's an amazing job.''' ,'''Milestones have never really meant a lot. They probably will mean more when I've finished playing and actually reflect on what I have achieved.''' ,'''I remember playing a Twenty20 game in Australia in 2007 and Matthew Hayden smacked one back at me. My head goes down as I follow through and as I looked up I just saw this white flash pass about an inch from the side of my head. If it had been a touch straighter I would not have had time to react and who knows what could have happened.''' ,'''I just go out and try to help England win games.''' ,'''Some of the best cricketers in the world were very quiet on the field but came across in a way that made it very hard to sledge them. It went in one ear and out the other.''' ,'''I'm proud to have represented England in four World Cups but it was hugely frustrating that we never reached a semi-final or played to our ability.''' ,'''To get key players out in a Test win is what you remember years later.''' ,'''I remember my first meeting with Alastair Cook clearly. The entire Lancashire side, some of them pretty mild-mannered, really laid into him. He'd just scored a double-hundred for Essex against Australia in a warm-up match before the 2005 Ashes. For some reason, we all assumed he must be really arrogant.''' ,'''It is a knowledgeable crowd at Old Trafford and they will also tell you when you are not bowling well.''' ,'''There have not been many occasions when I have bowled pain free and generally you are not 100 percent.''' ,'''I am quite stingy when it comes to giving runs away.''' ,'''Obviously, when I go in at No. 11 it stands to reason that we will have a better chance of scoring runs or batting out time if the batsman at the other end takes most of the strike. That's because, as my place in the order suggests, he is a better batsman than me.''' ,'''Having two bowlers who can exceed 90 mph is a mouth-watering prospect - and something batsmen will not relish one bit.''' ,'''In the heat of battle you might not be thinking clearly and that is when players have to take on the responsibility of helping the other guys out.''' ,'''I first got into cricket by watching Test matches on TV and listening to overseas tours on the radio. The sport really grabbed me - and it didn't matter that England weren't hugely successful back then.''' ,'''I don't like half-volleys being driven for four.''' ,'''A lot is made of the pink ball. But it is the same really. A good ball is a good ball, regardless of the colour. You might want to bowl a touch fuller with the pink ball when it is nipping around but generally a pink kookaburra behaves the same as a red kookaburra.''' ,'''It is easy to get carried away in this Twenty20 era and think Test cricket has to be entertaining all the time.''' ,'''Even at the age of 36, I'm always looking at ways to improve.''' ,'''For me, what works is keeping training short but with high intensity and then recovering well. Physio, massage, icing, things like that.''' ,'''A lot of teams see Lord's as a special place and up their games to try to get their names on the honours' board.''' ,'''As a cricketer you can go under the radar. It's not like we're footballers who get papped everywhere. I can go down to the corner shop without getting hassled.''' ,'''For me I love playing against the best players in the world, testing yourself and seeing whether you can get the better of them.''' ,'''I don't agree with the theory that removing grass and pace from the pitch nullifies Mitchell Johnson.''' ,'''I know my game really well and I'm relatively comfortable in most situations.''' ,'''What I try to do is improve as much as I can so I can be the best bowler I possibly can.''' ,'''I think I have got a decent pain threshold.''' ,'''The pink ball is a bit different. I don't think it moves as much through the air.''' ,'''This game's a lot easier early on in your career because people haven't seen you play. Things got a lot harder when people saw what I did with the ball and began to think about how to bat against me.''' ,'''Growing up, my education about Test cricket came from dad's video of the 1981 Ashes series - and Ian Botham's incredible match at Headingley.''' ,'''Nasser Hussain was skipper when I first played for England and a massive influence. He showed me a lot of faith.''' ,'''Cricket often leaves you scratching your head.''' ,'''The Gabba is not a frightening place to play.''' ,'''Dealing with sledging is an individual thing. For me, I am not going to take abuse from David Warner or anyone else and not have a word back. But it is down to the person.''' ,'''I will try to keep going as long as I can. I'd love to play until the age of 40 - it will be interesting to see if I can do that.''' ,'''The first time Stuart Broad walked into the dressing room, with his flowing blond hair, striking blue eyes and perfect figure, I thought: 'My God, she's beautiful.'''' ,'''A competitive edge has helped me through my career.''' ,'''Hashim Amla is someone that stands out. He's a world-class player and I have not had a huge amount of success against him.''' ,'''Kohli is always fired up, very animated on the field and plays with passion.''' ,'''You cannot treat someone differently just because they have become captain. We still took the mickey out of Alastair Cook when he was in charge. You have to treat them first and foremost as a team-mate.''' ,'''Partnerships are not just about bowling in tandem all the time. It all is about helping the other guy get in the right frame of mind.''' ,'''Lord's is such a special place and to get my first and now my 500th wickets here is something that will live with me for a long time.''' ,'''I love talking about the game and passing on knowledge if I can but being a coach full time is another story.''' ,'''There is a lot of talk about how Twenty20 has changed batting techniques in Test cricket. But it has also had an impact on bowling.''' ,'''If someone says something to me, I am not going to back down. Whether it's defending myself or standing up for one of my teammates, that is the way I play the game.''' ,'''I very rarely get recognised in the street.''' ,'''No, no I don't speed or anything. I drive a VW Touareg so.''' ,'''Trent Bridge, 2013, is my favourite Test. An Ashes opener and England won a thriller by 14 runs. I managed to take ten wickets, which helps.''' ,]
+++