+++
author = "Tippi Hedren"
title = "Tippi Hedren Quotes"
quotes_len = "55"
description = "the best 55 Tippi Hedren Quotes"
keywords = "tippi hedren,tippi hedren quotes,tippi hedren quote,tippi hedren sayings,tippi hedren saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To be the object of someone's obsession is horrible.''' ,'''When you love someone, you treat them well.''' ,''''Marnie' was ahead of its time. People didn't talk about childhood and its effects on adult life. It was taboo to discuss sexuality and psychology and to put all that into a film was shocking.''' ,'''Hitchcock had a very strange mind.''' ,'''As far as I know, Vera Miles had a terrible time with Hitchcock, and she wanted to get out of the contract. He didn't let her. She did 'Psycho,' and I believe, if you look at 'Psycho,' there isn't one close up of Vera, not one. After that, she would never even speak about him to anyone.''' ,'''I didn't think any amount of money was worth something that would take away what you believed in or what you stood for. I didn't want to do something my parents and daughter couldn't be proud of.''' ,'''I really need to work. People think that I'm no longer interested in acting and only interested in working with the animals. Obviously I have given that impression, but it is not how I feel. I think I'm a good actor. I think I look OK. I don't understand why I'm not working all the time.''' ,'''I shouldn't be married.''' ,'''One lion thinks it's just hilarious to tackle us. He's very funny about it... and we always know when it will happen.''' ,'''We had a lion that was living in somebody's basement outside of Branson, Missouri.''' ,'''I kind of look at my modeling career and the Hitchcock years as stepping stones to what I'm doing now.''' ,'''It is up to the public to stop attending these theatrical, and aquatic shows, and circuses with wild animals. The rhetoric about how the animals are happy and well cared for are lies. Don't be swayed by them. The money behind these shows is huge; there is nothing good about them.''' ,'''My light shines when things get really tough.''' ,'''Honest to God, all my life I have had such a fear of spiders. In fact, I use to have a reoccurring dream about one. Very clearly, it was black with a red head. It would sit up in the corner of the bedroom and when it started getting closer, I would wake up in a panic.''' ,'''If people could be as honest as animals, what a different world it would be.''' ,'''I know so many people who are eaten up by regret. It manifests itself in so many ways. They either become mentally a bit off, or they get very fat, or they are just horribly depressed.''' ,'''Right now I'm looking at a liger out my bedroom window. He's half lion and half tiger. And he's absolutely beautiful. His name is Patrick.''' ,'''You don't see sick animals in the wild. You don't see lame animals in the wild, and its all because of the predator: the lion, the tiger, the leopard, all the cats.''' ,'''I was studying my 'Bold and Beautiful' script the other day, lying in a hammock, when one of my Siberian tigers walked up and grabbed it out of my hand - she wanted to play. See - teeth marks!''' ,'''You can have a million dollar, 20 million dollar budget or 60 million dollar budget, and if you don't have a good script, it doesn't mean a thing.''' ,'''We have a lion, tiger, liger, which is the father is a lion and the mother is a tiger, black and spotted leopard, mountain lion, Asian leopard cats. Weve got a tremendous number of the exotic feline.''' ,'''I use every single thing that Alfred Hitchcock taught me in my acting career... I am very grateful for the education he gave me in making motion pictures.''' ,'''It's going to be very interesting to see somebody playing me.''' ,'''I don't know if you have ever been the object of someone's obsession - but if it's not of your desire, it is horrible. It is really awful.''' ,'''I have a strong Lutheran background, and my parents instilled in me strong morals.''' ,'''Working with Chaplin was very amusing and strange. His films are so funny, but working with him, I found him to be a very serious man. Whereas the films of Hitchcock are macabre, he could be a very funny man to work with, always telling jokes and holding court. Of course, when I worked with Charlie he was getting older.''' ,'''I was at the end of the studio system so when I walked into movies, I had a magnificent suite in which I had a living room and a kitchen and a complete makeup room. I had everything just for me. With the independents, you're kind of roughing it, literally.''' ,'''I'm regarded as the patron saint of manicurists.''' ,'''Everything that I've done in my life was to lead me to my work with the animals.''' ,'''I've had a love of animals from birth. I love getting to know other species. We should all be aware that there is not one thing we can give a wild animal in captivity that they need.''' ,'''I can look at myself in the mirror, and I can be proud.''' ,'''I could really use a corporate sponsor. People think that because you're in the movies, you're rich. I have allocated all my resources to Shambala so the animals will always be safe.''' ,'''In fact, I think I have had a ghost in my house. Although not active lately, unexplainable things would happen and the kitties were particularly sensitive - especially, Marlon Brando... the cat not the man.''' ,'''I had to have help getting up these stairs because I've been tackled by so many lions and tigers. Really. I'm like an old football player.''' ,'''I've always had a fascination for animals. I loved watching them, and even then I thought of them as beings rather than pets. I call it a birth affect!''' ,'''I kinda go for the Jane Eyre type of film. I am fascinated by classics.''' ,'''I'm a loner.''' ,'''I was under contract with Hitchcock before I even met him. They wouldn't tell me anything about the film, or who was working on it. They had all sorts of excuses as to why they couldn't tell me anything.''' ,'''Self-belief? My parents gave it to me.''' ,'''Being the object of Alfred Hitchcock's obsession was horrific, but while he ruined my career, he could never ruin my life.''' ,'''There were so many people who wanted me for their films.''' ,'''I really like birds. Everyone always wants me to say that I can't stand to go near them, just like they want Janet Leigh to confess that she can't bear to take a shower. Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you.''' ,'''He was such a fabulous drama coach. What better person to have than Alfred Hitchcock? His work as a director was impeccable. I learned so much.''' ,'''Because of 'The Birds' and 'Marnie' I was, as the expression goes, hot in Hollywood and producers and directors wanted to hire me.''' ,'''These are the animals that are the reason why you don't see old animals in the wild. You don't see sick animals in the wild. You don't see lame animals in the wild, and its all because of the predator: the lion, the tiger, the leopard, all the cats.''' ,'''I had to be extremely strong to fight off Mr Hitchcock. He was so insistent and obsessive, but I was an extremely strong young woman, and there was no way he was going to get the better of me.''' ,'''So I think it is common knowledge that Hitchcock had fantasies or whatever you want to call them about his leading ladies.''' ,'''In most states, it's more difficult to get a license for your dog than it is to buy a big cat. Right now, there are more tigers in the state of Texas than in all of India.''' ,'''Birds I am fine with - spiders are an entirely different matter.''' ,'''So I do have to work, you know, and I find as many movies and TV shows that I can, because otherwise I wouldn't have an income.''' ,'''Hitchcock had a charm about him. He was very funny at times. He was incredibly brilliant in his field of suspense.''' ,'''You don't know what mental telepathy exists from the human to the animal.''' ,'''Federal legislation is urgently needed to stop this insanity of wild animals in captivity.''' ,'''Animal abuse is rampant in the U.S., right under everyone's eyes, for the entertainment of the public. The brutal confinement and pain of training methods of wild animals in the circus, the aquatic and theatrical shows, leads to retaliation by the animals. Eventually they find the right time to strike out, and they will.''' ,'''It has become my mission to stop the insanity of wild cats as pets.''' ,]
+++