+++
author = "Justin Gaethje"
title = "Justin Gaethje Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Justin Gaethje Quotes"
keywords = "justin gaethje,justin gaethje quotes,justin gaethje quote,justin gaethje sayings,justin gaethje saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a coachable person. I don't like to lead myself. I've been taught by great people, and I was able to listen to them.''' ,'''I just like punching loudmouths in the face.''' ,'''I've never been in a street fight before, like one-on-one.''' ,'''Melvin Guillard went to a split decision with me, he left the third round in a wheelchair. He did not walk to the back - he left in a wheelchair.''' ,'''When I sat down and knew I was going to go to the UFC, I thought of Edson Barboza and I almost had a panic attack. And then right away I called my manager Ali Abdel-Aziz. I said, 'Ali, that's the fight I want.' I think it's the worst fight in the lightweight division for me, the scariest.''' ,'''I'm not larger than life, my personality is not larger than life, I promise you. But when I fight I am larger than life, I promise you that.''' ,'''With the way I fight, the UFC's not stupid. For one, they probably know that they're don't have me forever.''' ,'''I've been telling people I need to start smiling to my opponents and shaking hands and just being nice, so then when the bell rings, I catch them off-guard, because I used to catch people off-guard, but everyone's ready now.''' ,'''I'm not infallible. Never will be.''' ,'''I'm hoping to earn enough to buy a few properties, that way I can make money that way and I want to do social work.''' ,'''You will regret not seeing me fight live.''' ,'''I don't want to fight guys ranked behind me.''' ,'''I was always sort of a competitor.''' ,'''I am a Division I All-American wrestler, but I wrestled college wrestling matches, seven minutes long. If I was to go in there and wrestle for seven minutes of a fight, a 25-minute fight, you're not getting nothing out of me for the rest of the time.''' ,'''I win and lose in one way. And that's either putting them to sleep or putting it on the line and going to sleep.''' ,'''From a business standpoint, of course I'm not gonna fight someone that's unranked or something like that.''' ,'''In hindsight, I'd love to be undefeated still, but that's not what this sport is.''' ,'''I'm a great defensive wrestler.''' ,'''My only goal ever in a fight was to go in there and create chaos. Now, I want to control the chaos that hate's created. I want to fight in the right spots.''' ,'''I had no idea if I could fight when I first started. My first four amateur fights, I had never even been punched in the face or trained of any kind.''' ,'''I do think I'm the best lightweight in the world.''' ,'''I want to be the world champion.''' ,'''I get paid by the fight, not by the minute.''' ,'''When I take a right hand, I roll with it. I don't absorb every single bit of the punch. There's different ways to alleviate some of the force of a punch besides just getting out of the way. When I take it, it's on my gloves.''' ,'''What I do is not for the faint of heart, but I'm a different breed.''' ,'''I am a Division 1 wrestler.''' ,'''I've been saying I'm the best in the world for a long time.''' ,'''Working in a juvenile detention center, being a probation officer for at-risk youths, I'll do something like that. Something nice and stable.''' ,'''I know plenty of wrestlers who are 15-0 and going nowhere.''' ,'''My timing and pressure is the definition of MMA.''' ,'''It sucks to say it, but if I was to go out there and get outclassed by James Vick, I'd have to hang them up. He's not good, he's slow.''' ,'''I'm not saying I'd walk through everybody. There's some great fights for me, though, and I'd put on a hell of a show with a lot of the fighters in the top 10. My pressure is second to none, and a lot of them don't have any way to prepare for what I'm going to be bring.''' ,'''I owe it to myself to not sell myself short by taking a pay cut just to go to another organization.''' ,'''I'm not here to take damage. I don't want to not be able to talk. Every single time I fight, I know that... this could be the last time that you're able to do this, the last time you're able to talk.''' ,'''Everyone knows I'm going to come in there and I'm going to stop your takedowns.''' ,'''When I'm done, I want to be known as the fighter that everybody wishes they could've seen live.''' ,'''Twenty-five minutes is a long time to stay focused. It's really something I had to work on to go in there and not get complacent for 2 seconds or 5 seconds or 1 second. That's all it takes.''' ,'''You have to learn how to fight through when it sucks and it's really hard.''' ,'''If I'm going to get tired, I'd rather it be from fighting and not from wrestling.''' ,'''I happen to have a college education and I never planned on being a fighter.''' ,'''A lot of people say I'm reckless and I take too many shots. I take shots on the forehead. There's nothing wrong with that. It puts me in punching range.''' ,'''There's not a lot of people that can sit there and take the punishment that I can deliver.''' ,'''To be a superstar you have to win and you have to have something special. For me, I hope that knocking people out is my something special because I can't sell myself, per se, and become a different person on camera and a different person off camera.''' ,'''This is entertainment business and I fight for money.''' ,'''You could be the best in the world, but it doesn't matter. It's four-ounce gloves. I've been dropped in practice with a knee to the body. I take a good knee to the body and break my ribs in the fight, I lost. I mean, it's a fight.''' ,'''I watch a little bit of tape to pick up small stuff, but I don't try to pick apart my opponent's game plan. I'm going to keep coming forward. I don't ever take a step backward. I get hit, and I'm right back into range.''' ,'''The way you stop a takedown in wrestling is to meet force with force. You don't try to go away.''' ,'''I have a human services bachelors degree and I want to work social work, I want to work with at-risk youth.''' ,'''People love the fact Chael Sonnen is saying he's undefeated. It's crazy to me that people like something like that but don't give respect to the fighters that just put it on the line.''' ,'''I like to take chances.''' ,'''I wanted to take the short road to the top, and I think I'm doing that.''' ,'''Barboza is up there. He's a scary fight, but I like being scared. And that's a fight that me, as a fan, would want to see. I know how much fans would love something like that. So I'll go out there and try to finish that dude with leg kicks.''' ,'''I love the sport, I'm a fan of MMA, I've been a fan of MMA since before I started it, I was a fan of Eddie Alvarez before I started fighting, so just the culmination of events that have transpired in my life through hard work, through specifically hard work, it's just, I'm happy.''' ,'''I got into wrestling when I was four years old.''' ,'''This is a making-money business, and the only way to make money is knocking people out. Lying on someone? That's pathetic to me. You gotta drop a bomb.''' ,'''I'm very levelheaded.''' ,'''I went to college, I wrestled and I took some amateur fights. When I graduated, I wanted to start using my degree, but I figured I would start fighting professionally. Then I won 18 in a row and I fought Eddie Alvarez on pay-per-view.''' ,'''I wrestled Jordan Burroughs two times - Jordan Burroughs had a hell of a time trying to take me down. I stopped his double leg numerous times. And he also, probably, fractured my sternum - from me trying to stop him.''' ,'''I want to take out the best in America, then I want to take out the best in the world.''' ,'''I want to go to Brazil, I want to fight top Brazilians in Brazil. I want to go to Russia, fight Khabib in Russia.''' ,'''I want to fight Khabib. I think I'm one of the biggest threats to his title.''' ,'''I've wanted to - and have been - testing myself against the best guys in the world.''' ,'''I want to be a fighter, this is what I love to do, but it's totally taxing on the body and the mind. Especially the mind.''' ,'''I want the best money, and obviously the highest ceiling that you can be the best is in the UFC. But yeah, I praise Bellator. They gave me a great offer.''' ,'''Humans recognize effort, and that's what I do. I give max effort.''' ,'''God, it's such an unforgiving sport.''' ,'''I respect the boss.''' ,'''Georges St-Pierre's doing it the best. He made his money, made his name, and now he's able to make money not fighting. That's what I want to do.''' ,'''I praise World Series of Fighting, they gave me every opportunity I had, and at the end, they were totally professional and did everything they could to help me out.''' ,'''I want the biggest fights possible.''' ,'''It's life or death for me every single time I step in the cage.''' ,'''I want to prove I'm the best in the world.''' ,'''I love reading comments online.''' ,'''When you fight me, you aren't going to be able to be so careful. They better block their face and knock me out. I'm going to hit them, kick them. I'm going to come forward. They'll have to run, literally run, backwards. That's the only way to get away from me. And eventually you're going to run into the cage.''' ,'''I'm so much better than James Vick.''' ,'''I know that the only way I'm going to advance in this sport is to be exciting and to finish fights, and I'm fine with that.''' ,'''I'm an entertainer.''' ,'''I don't fight to win or lose. I fight to entertain people.''' ,'''Whoever they send me a contract for, I'll fight him.''' ,'''I should never be trying to avoid something in a fight, especially something I'm good at.''' ,'''I could lose and it could be the best fight ever, it still does great things for me.''' ,'''I don't get hit a ton on the button.''' ,'''False confidence is false confidence.''' ,'''I'm trying to live until I'm at least 65 or 70, so I might as well try and stay healthy until at least that long.''' ,'''I watched the UFC way back in the day, before there were time limits. I always knew it's what I wanted to do some day.''' ,'''Skill wise, there's nobody that's gonna outwork me.''' ,'''You only have to go on a couple message boards to know what the fans want, and the fans want you to put it on the line and to entertain them.''' ,'''My pressure is second to none and my timing and attitude are second to none, and that's what I want to be recognized for; not for being undefeated, because what does that mean? That just means you won. And I want to known for my style and the way that I fight, the timing that I bring and the fact that I rely on my reactions, stuff like that.''' ,'''When I lose, I'll get knocked out. It won't be because I got outworked or outskilled or anything like that.''' ,'''Natural human instinct, reaction, whatever, is if you're perfect, you're going to try to skate by and get by, get away with things the easiest way possible.''' ,'''I know for a fact entertainment is more important than winning.''' ,'''I'm trying to be as real as I can and I'm being myself. I'm not gonna create an act.''' ,'''Me and my brother, as anybody who's a twin will tell you... it's a competitive relationship. Ours is really competitive.''' ,'''Do I think people are sleeping on me? Absolutely.''' ,'''I think Khabib is going to take him down immediately, or create some kind of scramble immediately. I don't think Poirier stops his takedowns.''' ,'''I'm not an idiot.''' ,'''I'll worry about things I can control.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it's an unforgiving sport.''' ,'''When you win, you get to pick someone in front of you to fight.''' ,'''I wish I was fighting Jason High in his hometown. I would put him to sleep in front of all his fans. He's mainly a wrestler, but I'm an All-American wrestler. So I'm really not worried about Jason High.''' ,]
+++