+++
author = "Harley Pasternak"
title = "Harley Pasternak Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Harley Pasternak Quotes"
keywords = "harley pasternak,harley pasternak quotes,harley pasternak quote,harley pasternak sayings,harley pasternak saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In America, we eat until we're full, which means we usually go past the point of satiety because satiety actually follows digestion.''' ,'''While many processed foods are full of salt, and excessive salt intake is associated with hypertension and other conditions, salt is essential to health. It can be dangerous to have too low a sodium intake.''' ,'''Only 1 to 2 percent of adults have a real food allergy. This gluten thing is a... whatever. It's not an allergy for most people.''' ,'''One piece of white bread has the same calories as three egg whites scrambled with peppers and onion. Which option do you think is better for you? If all calories were created equal, these two options would have to be nutritionally equivalent.''' ,'''Smart snacking is an invaluable weapon against cravings and poor food choices. For me, this translates to three meals and two snacks a day, each containing protein, fiber, and healthy fat.''' ,'''I see myself as a problem solver, creating solutions.''' ,'''Life is all about balance, and there are certain times of the year - birthday, anniversary, holidays - that are meant to be enjoyed without guilt. That being said, Thanksgiving is a meal - it's not a Thanksgiving day, and it's not a Thanksgiving week.''' ,'''There are 168 hours in a week, and even if you're working out two, three, four, or five times a week for an hour, you're still not working out at least 95 to 98 percent of the week. So it's what you do during that time that's far more impactful than what you do in the gym.''' ,'''Cranberries are an ultra healthy fruit, but cranberry sauces are often so sugared down that it eliminates all their healthy benefits.''' ,'''Seriously, I faced a lot of anti-Semitism playing hockey as a kid. It motivated me to play well and to punch everyone who was anti-Semitic. I was taunted and called names. I'd either beat them with a goal or with my fists.''' ,'''Kanye has been a good friend for ten years. He flew back from London to Los Angeles for 24 hours just to go to my wedding.''' ,'''I'm a big sweet potato fan.''' ,'''A meal is a when you eat something that incorporates multiple food groups.''' ,'''If you really want to thrive, I would say you need a minimum of 12,000 steps a day.''' ,'''Get yourself a pedometer. It's an inexpensive device that fits in your pocket or clips on your pants and counts your steps.''' ,'''For the average person at home, they should know they don't need a celebrity trainer. It's all about your habits outside of the gym.''' ,'''The United States is far too efficient. We've lost the ceremony of eating. People don't eat at home and cook meals at home.''' ,'''I grew up in a typical Ashkenazi household. My bubbe actually lived with us. She'd make us the traditional colorless, beige, heavy foods: chicken soup, kreplach, gefilte fish, tzimmes.''' ,'''When the biceps become too strong, it brings the shoulders forward and makes for a gorilla-like posture.''' ,'''Walking is the most effective form of exercise.''' ,'''I've never seen or heard of a healthy sausage or bacon of any kind.''' ,'''I'm not a vegan - especially when it comes to protein quality. I stick with the traditional proteins.''' ,'''I've been a big fan of cottage cheese my whole life.''' ,'''The Swedes prepare their food through curing, smoking, pickling and boiling. Pickling food contains digestive-system-friendly probiotics, and while boiling may not be the tastiest, it's effective without adding fat!''' ,'''A toned backside truly anchors your physique and can make the difference between jeans fitting and jeans really fitting.''' ,'''The joke may be that no one likes fruitcake, but if that were the case, they wouldn't appear on store shelves every holiday season!''' ,'''I used to love eating canned fruit. Once I learned how to read a food label, I learned that canned fruit is arguably the least healthy form of fruit consumption.''' ,'''Through my work as a nutritionist and trainer to celebrity clients, I've had amazing opportunities to travel the world. In my experience, I made what seemed to be a remarkable discovery: the farther I travel from the U.S., the easier it is to find foods that are both nourishing and slimming.''' ,'''If you wait too long between breakfast and lunch or lunch and dinner, you're more likely to be ravenous and overeat and/or make poor food choices.''' ,'''We focus way too much on the front of our midsection, which, in the process, over-strengthens and draws the torso forward so you end up with shorter-looking abs. Focus on lengthening by working your lower back instead. This will give your midsection a full overhaul.''' ,'''To benefit your metabolism, your appetite, and your waistline, snacks need to have protein and fiber.''' ,'''It's important to train your abs front to back, side to side, and all around to look great all around.''' ,'''When you look at the fittest, leanest populations like Japan and Scandinavia, they don't even go to the gym. The average person in Sydney takes 11,000 steps a day, and the average person in Houston does 4000. Guess who is going to be leaner, regardless of their diet?''' ,'''Lentils, beans, and other legumes, such as chickpeas, are all excellent sources of fiber.''' ,'''While cardio prompts your body to burn calories while you are exercising, resistance training not only sculpts, tones, and strengthens your body, but it causes your body to burn more calories when you are at rest.''' ,'''Do something active that's fun. On tour with Kanye and Common, we would have basketball games on a court in every city we went to. With Alicia Keys, we would mountain-bike across Vancouver Island. With Lady Gaga, we would explore all the cool neighborhoods.''' ,'''I've designed exercise video games, running shoes, healthy beverages, and workout equipment.''' ,'''Both cardio and resistance training are essential for looking and feeling great.''' ,'''I used to laugh at my friends who garden, but I now garden. You don't even feel like you're exercising. You're having fun, and you're being healthy at the same time.''' ,'''Most people make the mistake of over-training the biceps and under-training the triceps.''' ,'''In addition to protein, edamame is a great source of fiber and mono-unsaturated fats.''' ,'''I review all the riders for my music clients and make sure there's healthy food and snack options, like strained yogurt, fresh berries, and lean protein.''' ,'''Some people might sleep eight hours and wake up exhausted because they're not getting good quality sleep.''' ,'''Strengthening the lower back helps develop that sexy curve everyone wants from your back to your bum.''' ,'''While most vegetables are good sources of fiber, greens - especially the dark, leafy variety - are jam-packed with fiber and a ton of micronutrients.''' ,'''I tell all my clients to drink at least six water bottles a day.''' ,'''Couscous is not a grain. I repeat, it is not a grain. Much like its brother spaghetti and its sister ravioli, couscous is pasta.''' ,'''Your levels of cholesterol are primarily dependent on your own body's production rather than the result of eating animal fats. Moreover, some forms of cholesterol are heart healthy.''' ,'''Dietary fiber provides a whole slew of health benefits when consumed in adequate amounts. It not only promotes 'regularity,' it also reduces your risk of several chronic diseases and plays a crucial role in successful weight loss.''' ,'''The key to finding protein for your snacks when you're on the go is making sure said snacks don't need to be refrigerated, don't need to be cooked, and are in convenient packaging.''' ,'''I love the convenience of a protein shake, and not just for after a workout.''' ,'''One thing is to not look at fitness as something that you do at a prescribed time of day in a prescribed room and a prescribed building. You should incorporate physical activity throughout your day.''' ,'''People always ask me if there was one thing they could do today to change the way they look and feel, what would it be. The answer is simple: Walk. To be exact, I want you to walk 10,000 steps a day.''' ,'''I grew up in a household where both my brothers had Type 1 Diabetes, so I was raised eating healthy food with healthy ingredients.''' ,'''I hate greens. I hate vegetables, but greens - especially in a smoothie - are a great way for a big kid like me to hide my vegetables into the meal.''' ,'''Cardio-based exercise involves moving at a moderate intensity, using many muscle groups at once. Think: walking, jogging, cycling, etc.''' ,'''If you don't own traditional dumbbells, you can also use soup cans or bottles of water.''' ,'''Just remember the letter 'S': salads, stir fries, scrambles, soups, smoothies and sushi. You can't go wrong with the letter 'S.'''' ,'''You don't need equipment of any kind to get a good workout in. In fact, you can get a good workout in the smallest of spaces, from a dorm room, to a studio apartment to a hotel room.''' ,'''It's important that we have a global perspective and look abroad and learn from our neighbors.''' ,'''Don't let yourself get stuck without a healthy snack option. If you allow yourself to get famished at work, you're going to be more likely to get your snack from the vending machine, and when was the last time you saw something fresh and healthy in one of those?''' ,'''Creating an overall healthy lifestyle for yourself doesn't require a radical diet or significant life change. In fact, it can be attained through common sense decisions about the way we eat, move, and live.''' ,'''A lot of the movements we do in the gym are things that can be done outside, but we have the benefits of the beautiful scenery, the fresh air, the sunlight, and the vitamin B.''' ,'''If you want great legs, you need to train them all around, not just the front of the thighs. Use multiple joints whenever possible. And running stairs is one of the best things you can possibly do. It has little to no impact on your joints, and you're working your glutes, hamstrings, and quads all at the same time.''' ,'''The blue light emanating from our cell phones, our tablets and our laptops is playing havoc on our brain chemicals: our serotonin, our melatonin. It's screwing up our sleep patterns, our happiness, our appetites, our carbohydrate cravings.''' ,'''Though typically paired with words like 'organic,' 'harvest,' or 'natural,' almost all granolas are fattening.''' ,'''There is a world of difference between foods fortified with synthetic vitamins and minerals, and eating vegetables, fruit, and other whole foods full of vitamins and minerals in their natural form.''' ,'''To ensure maximal fiber intake and to identify true whole-grain products, do the 'flip-and-check.' Flip to the nutrition facts label and list of ingredients on the back, and check that the product has at least three grams of fiber per serving and that whole grains is first on the ingredients list.''' ,'''There is no such thing as a healthy cleanse. It's the worst thing you can do for your body.''' ,'''I spent almost 11 years at university. I have three degrees. I was a nutritional scientist for the Department of National Defense, and then I spent the next 20 years studying it and writing about it.''' ,'''Make your plate colorful. A lot of Asian countries make it a point of having five colors present on every dish, which leads to eating nutrient-rich foods.''' ,'''Different foods have different effects on our body beyond their calorie count. Our metabolism, hunger, blood sugar, and hormones respond differently to different types of foods. That means that 100 calories of broccoli is not the same as 100 calories of licorice, just as 3 oz. of salmon is not the same as 3 oz. of cupcakes.''' ,'''The idea behind resistance training is that you're basically tearing something and creating a microtrauma in the muscle. When the muscle recovers, it's going to recover stronger and denser than it was before.''' ,'''You cannot out-exercise a bad diet.''' ,'''Fitness isn't about being extreme and hard-core. Healthy eating is not about counting calories, weighing food, or finding less tasteful ingredients. Life is about balance.''' ,'''When I was a little kid, I was chunky. My mother would always joke she would have to get me husky jeans for larger kids. My wife reminds me sometimes, if I overdo it with chocolate chip cookies, that I will have to wear husky pants again.''' ,'''There is almost a 60-year age difference between Miley Cyrus and Jane Fonda, and one day I trained them both. I would say I trained Jane in her 70s even harder than I did Miley, who's a teenager. I think, as you become older, it's not about working harder: it's about working smarter.''' ,'''If you're ready to give yourself a little challenge, take a walk and mix in short bouts of jogging. It can boost your calorie burn and give you much needed cardiovascular benefits.''' ,'''There is no such thing as a cleanse. Cleanses tell you that you need to get rid of that piece of gum you swallowed in fifth grade that is still stuck to your intestinal lining. That's not true.''' ,'''A lack of electrolytes can make muscles sore.''' ,'''Celebrities might be experts when it comes to working the red carpet, but relying on them to guide your health and wellness can be a slippery slope.''' ,'''Pick one exercise a day, a different exercise each day of the week for a different body part. You're setting yourself up for success because you don't need to go to the gym, you don't need any equipment, you don't need anything.''' ,'''You want to try to keep your sleep and meal patterns attached to the time zone that you're in. It's important so you don't feel disoriented. If we take a red-eye and land in Singapore at 8 A.M., we're not going to bed. Force yourself to stay awake, have breakfast, power through the day.''' ,'''I got into bodybuilding very young - I was 13.''' ,'''All fats do not behave the same way in your body, and certain fats, including the omega-3 fats in salmon and other fatty fish and the monounsaturated fats in nuts, virgin olive oil, and avocados, are integral to a healthy diet.''' ,'''All the healthiest countries don't eat a lot of tropical fruits. They stay away from pineapples, mangos, papayas, and melons and focus on fruits that have edible skin, edible seeds, or are citrus fruits.''' ,'''I can get anybody to lose weight.''' ,'''A cardio workout increases blood flow and acts as a filter system. It brings nutrients like oxygen, protein, and iron to the muscles that you've been training and helps them recover faster.''' ,'''A lot of the weaknesses we have are based on a lack of lateral movement, which can set you up for injury. When you exercise in multiple planes, you see improvements in balance, mobility, and function.''' ,'''Ladies, don't be afraid of getting big, bulky arm muscles from resistance exercise.''' ,'''Megan Fox finally listened to me... she is now a salmon fan. She will have salmon at least once a day. She'll go have a bunch of salmon sashimi, and she'll have a cucumber salad and miso soup and some edamame.''' ,'''Life is too short. If we're in Italy, have pizza and pasta. But not every day.''' ,''''Airplane' was my favorite movie growing up.''' ,'''Whatever you need to increase the quality of your sleep is really, really important.''' ,'''Eating breakfast revs our metabolic engines so that they're ready for prime calorie burn all day.''' ,'''Some antiquated diet books will tell you to shun all fats if you want to lose weight, but in reality, it's not healthy to eliminate fat from our diets altogether.''' ,'''Dark bread like rye or pumpernickel is much healthier than the refined white bread favored by many Americans.''' ,'''I think the U.S. has ultrasensitivity about weight loss.''' ,'''Everybody is constantly struggling to maintain a healthy lifestyle and the ideal body, regardless of whether they're overweight.''' ,'''Our bodies have a finely tuned, built-in detoxifying system: It's called our liver, and it can detoxify our bodies better than any cleanse or fast without the unpleasantness and danger of muscle cramps, dehydration, and diarrhea associated with artificial cleanses.''' ,]
+++