+++
author = "Kellyanne Conway"
title = "Kellyanne Conway Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 Kellyanne Conway Quotes"
keywords = "kellyanne conway,kellyanne conway quotes,kellyanne conway quote,kellyanne conway sayings,kellyanne conway saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been in a very male-dominated business for decades. I found, particularly early on, that there's plenty of room for passion, but there's very little room for emotion.''' ,'''The fact is, in Mike Huckabee's case, he can say, 'I was a preacher, I'm a Christian, and so I believe that life begins at conception, ends at natural death.'''' ,'''To be confronted as you exit the polling place is really a matter of if you have the time, if you have the inclination to speak to a stranger, and if you want to divulge what is a very sacred, private matter - the way that you just voted.''' ,'''Most women say 'Please speak to me from the waist up: my brain, my eyes.'''' ,'''I don't sugarcoat things, but I'm very polite in delivering them.''' ,'''John McCain was one of the senators who voted against George Herbert Walker Bush's disastrous break of his no new taxes pledge when he raised taxes in 1990. That's really important. He's a supply-sider. And he's got supply siders like Phil Graham and Jack Kemp to vouch for that.''' ,'''African Americans are concerned about the scourge of abortion in their community, and respond to related facts and figures. Large majorities agree that every life should have a chance, regardless of race, socioeconomic status or circumstance.''' ,'''Voters go into the ballot box with big ideas in their mind: leadership, change, experience, hope.''' ,'''2016 is a change election, and that favors Trump.''' ,'''Donald Trump embraces his wealth. Hillary Clinton wants us to forget that she made $21.5 million on 92 speeches.''' ,'''I look at what the polls say about attributes. I noticed in 2004 that George W. Bush led John Kerry by double digits for eight straight months on the question of who is more likely to take a position and stick with it.''' ,'''Romney, like Sen. John McCain and Bob Dole before him, were meant to mollify moderates, attract Independents, and 'rebrand' the party in a way that mostly fits the ideal of media types who would never vote Republican anyhow. Each of them lost.''' ,'''The country is increasingly culturally conservative, with a small C. Every time marriage is on the ballot, it passes. People are increasingly pro-life. They don't like taxes.''' ,'''Republican politics can sometimes feel like you're walking into, you know, an Elks Club or bachelor party.''' ,'''Voters tend to reject overreach and distraction - women in particular.''' ,'''Washington is built on power.''' ,'''Candidates matter. Campaigns matter. 'He can win' or 'She can't win' is up there with, 'I'm going to lose 10 pounds, win the lottery, and live forever.' Saying it does not make it so.''' ,'''I never knew how ugly and how stupid I was until, you know, we had Twitter.''' ,'''I didn't even know I was the first female Republican campaign manager until someone pointed it out to me on Twitter, and I said that can't be true. And then I realized this must be such a small group of women. And right away, I know them all - Susan Estrich and Donna Brazile and Beth Myers - and I respect them enormously.''' ,'''The errors in media polling rarely benefit a Republican.''' ,'''Women look at the full measure of the man, not just one comment.''' ,'''It wasn't like anybody said, 'Oh, Ronald Reagan will have a landslide in 1980.' In fact, you look back at the Dukakis numbers, the Perot numbers, there was always this presumption that the Republican was going to lose. Not just that the Democrat would win, but that the Republican was going to lose.''' ,'''Women in my focus groups, they say a bald man is trustworthy. He has nothing to hide.''' ,'''To women, a flip-flopper is the functional equivalent of the guy who never calls and always changes his mind.''' ,'''The average American is more focused on leadership than likeability. And more focused on qualifications than quality of speakership.''' ,'''I think it's important for people to understand that this started with President Bill Clinton. He, as president, thought it was such a big priority, he passed the defense of marriage - defense of traditional non-gay marriage - that we have it as a federal law.''' ,'''Donald Trump is at his very best, at his very best, when he talks about the issues.''' ,'''Women are still congenitally Democratic - and I'm the Republican pollster saying that.''' ,'''Americans overwhelmingly believe that Americans who want to do jobs, who are looking for work, should have a fair opportunity, if not a preference, to do that work.''' ,'''Women, if left to their own devices, are going to tend and trend Democratic. That is absolutely the case.''' ,'''Caucuses are different than primaries, and winner-take-all primaries are how Mitt Romney eventually took over Newt Gingrich in 2012 and why Rick Santorum left.''' ,'''You live by the media, you live by the polls, you've got to suffer by the polls, too.''' ,'''Voters deserve - and they indeed expect - a good debate on the issues.''' ,'''I've noticed a lot of people are very bold and blustery on Twitter because it's easy to do that with the poison keyboard and a hundred and forty characters.''' ,'''Women have been late-in-the-game deciders. They weigh all of the issues, all of the images, and all of the information and make a choice almost at the last minute.''' ,'''I think that people have realized it's very unwise to bet against Donald Trump.''' ,'''If you heard 40 times in a day that Newt Gingrich takes the wings off of butterflies, eventually you'd believe it.''' ,'''To me, it's a different kind of voter suppression to constantly try to make people feel like the election is over before it's even begun.''' ,'''In Gov. Huckabee's case, consistency is seen as principle... and that's incredibly valuable to voters.''' ,'''The caricatures that the mainstream media and the Democrats have about Republicans have taken hold.''' ,'''Americans don't believe that we have a surplus of jobs. They believe that we have a surplus of job seekers, and they are competing for these jobs.''' ,'''The Republican Party is too fixated on this fiction of electability.''' ,'''Women are trying to have it all but are trying to regain control over their time. That's why many women are busting out of the traditional workforce and starting their own businesses.''' ,'''In New York, the currency is money. You have money, and you get anonymity.''' ,'''The fact is that Hillary Clinton could not stand up to a cheating husband, so how in the world would she stand up to North Korea and some of our other enemies around the globe?''' ,'''Of course there's racism in this country, and we have a terrible history of that in this nation.''' ,'''Most political wives are accidental politicians.''' ,'''The hidden Trump vote in this country is a very significant proposition.''' ,'''If the Republican Party does not learn to understand unmarried women as the political force and potent voting bloc that they have become, we risk becoming the minority party.''' ,'''Former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton and President Barack Obama, each were told repeatedly, 'You can't win.' They all won.''' ,'''Gov. Huckabee seems like somebody who could run effectively against a female candidate and not make it seem like he's being derogatory and impolite.''' ,'''Women overwhelmingly support conservative policies.''' ,'''Sexual harassment is as difficult to prove as it is to disprove.''' ,'''Donald Trump performs consistently better in online polling, where a human being is not talking to another human being about what he or she may do in the election.''' ,'''Although it shouldn't be, men behaving badly is sort of an occupational hazard for those working in Washington.''' ,'''What's happened with the over-the-counter birth control issue is that the Democrats didn't see it coming. They think that they've got a monopoly on talking to women from the waist down. Anything that has to do with reproduction and birth control and abortion - they call it women's health, then they call it women's issues.''' ,'''I tell people all the time, 'Don't be fooled, because I am a man by day.'''' ,'''Nothing creates a winner quite like earning it, not just inheriting it.''' ,'''Hillary is the Mitt Romney of 2016, where she has very little in common with the average person. She doesn't drive herself anywhere, she doesn't put on her own makeup, she doesn't cook her own meals, and she doesn't research her own materials. She has very little in common with the average woman.''' ,'''Very few people know anybody like John McCain, someone who suffered and had his body, yet not his spirit, broken for six years as a POW and who has served his nation.''' ,'''I want to do right, apart from my gender - I want to do right as a campaign manager.''' ,'''Pro-lifers believe there are two victims in an abortion: the unborn child and the woman who felt that that was her best option.''' ,'''We got Defense of Marriage Act as a federal law from President Bill Clinton. And it was passed with bipartisan support.''' ,]
+++