+++
author = "Arsene Wenger"
title = "Arsene Wenger Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Arsene Wenger Quotes"
keywords = "arsene wenger,arsene wenger quotes,arsene wenger quote,arsene wenger sayings,arsene wenger saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you do not believe you can do it then you have no chance at all.''' ,'''A manager is a guide. He takes a group of people and says, 'With you I can make us a success; I can show you the way.'''' ,'''The communist model does not work economically, we all realised that, but the capitalist model in the modern world also looks to be unsustainable.''' ,'''The best football players in the world still earn very little money compared to people who really earn money.''' ,'''I think training of better Youth Coaches is essential.''' ,'''I believe the target of anything in life should be to do it so well that it becomes an art.''' ,'''At a young age winning is not the most important thing... the important thing is to develop creative and skilled players with good confidence.''' ,'''You cannot say that you are happy when you don't win.''' ,'''I believe in work, in connections between the players, I think what makes football great is that it is a team sport. You can win in different ways, by being more of a team, or by having better individual players. It is the team ethic that interests me, always.''' ,'''Of the nine red cards this season we probably deserved half of them.''' ,'''I think generally the Japanese players have more intensity in practice but generally I do the same things.''' ,'''I also think we live in a competitive world, and I love competition.''' ,'''Young players need freedom of expression to develop as creative players... they should be encouraged to try skills without fear of failure.''' ,'''I think in the future we need to look at our youth department to provide more players for the first team think it is important for a club to have a good amount of players that have roots with the club and region.''' ,'''He made the impossible possible.''' ,'''As a coach you can influence the diet of your players. You can point out what is wrong.''' ,'''Sol has experience, pace and physical power, which nobody else has together.''' ,'''Maintain that motivation to go from A to B and to keep your focus on that target without any weakening. That is called tenacity; stamina in your motivation.''' ,'''The moral values I've learnt in my life I've learnt through football.''' ,'''It's silly to work hard the whole week and then spoil it by not preparing properly before the game.''' ,'''I think in England you eat too much sugar and meat and not enough vegetables.''' ,'''When you look at people who are successful, you will find that they aren't the people who are motivated, but have consistency in their motivation.''' ,'''Some are wrong because they are not strong enough to fight temptation and some some are wrong because they do not know.''' ,'''Of course, we also have the responsibility to win games and the difficulty in the job is to combine both.''' ,'''People who work make the world live better and to reward these people well is normal. Yet they are not the people who are the wealthiest.''' ,'''In a competitive world, not everybody can follow the pace; you will leave people out. We now accept that we must take care of these people. You cannot let them die in the streets; people will not accept it. And that is right, too.''' ,'''Private life is private life. Off the pitch, there is private life, and the rest is social life, where of course you have to behave responsibly.''' ,'''I am, of course, delighted but there was never any doubt about Sol staying.''' ,'''If you have the money and you find the one player who can make you win and make the difference, no matter how expensive he is, you should do it. But there are not many players in the world who will make a real difference.''' ,'''For me, motivation is a person who has the capability to recruit the resources he needs to achieve a goal.''' ,'''English players are as easy to coach. The problem is that the Premier League has the best players in the world, and statistically not all of them can be born in England. But we don't have enough English players: we are working very hard on it.''' ,'''I believe one of the best things about managing people is that we can influence lives in a positive way. That's basically what a manager is about. When I can do that, I am very happy.''' ,'''Football is an art, like dancing is an art - but only when it's well done does it become an art.''' ,'''At the end of the day, my optimistic personality always takes over.''' ,'''In some ways England is more liberal than France, but I also find it more intrusive. But when you go abroad you have to accept the ways of where you live. I have to respect that.''' ,'''We didn't think he would play on Sunday because he was suspended - that makes me think he has all the qualities to join Arsenal!''' ,'''As a club, we have an educational purpose: to give back to those people who love Arsenal so that they learn moral values from our game and how we behave.''' ,'''My target is to make the players as rich as possible within the financial constraints of the club. My target is not to give them less money. I'm happy to make them rich.''' ,]
+++