+++
author = "Gabriella Wilde"
title = "Gabriella Wilde Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Gabriella Wilde Quotes"
keywords = "gabriella wilde,gabriella wilde quotes,gabriella wilde quote,gabriella wilde sayings,gabriella wilde saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If someone put a camera in my face now, when I am in student mode, I would get embarrassed, but when I am modelling, I play characters.''' ,'''When you play a lead role, you're in pretty much every scene. It's incredibly tiring. You really have to disappear into the film because you have no time to do anything else. You are either awake and playing the character, or you are trying to catch up on sleep.''' ,'''It's a little strange when part of your family is in the public eye, and you're being put into a box that you're not necessarily in. That's when it starts to feel a bit odd: When you're being told who you are, but it's incorrect.''' ,'''My only experience with American things is through movies.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a fashion magpie.''' ,'''It can be difficult to get cast as something that is off-center from you, and my biggest fear is to be typecast.''' ,'''I think probably honesty is the biggest quality I look for in a relationship. Being exactly who you are with the other person.''' ,'''I like to be underdressed rather than overdressed. For an event or a premiere, it's fun to dress up more - then I like to experiment.''' ,'''I actually really love British and European cinema, but you have to go where the work is, and for me, it's in America.''' ,'''I don't agree with boarding school. It's not something that I would do with my children, but I think it's something that kind of exists in England in a traditional way, and you do form very close relationships with the girls you go to school with. But it is a strange thing to live in an environment which is solely female.''' ,'''For me, it's a matter of balance. Living inside your head and experiencing real things - both are important.''' ,'''For me, acting is a long-term thing. I'm not in a hurry to make it. I have no desire to explode onto the film industry. I still want to be acting when I'm 60.''' ,'''I do think that people outside the fashion industry imagine that being a model is what you might call quick, easy money, but it can be very lonely - you have to be quite tough. It's also very physically demanding.''' ,'''The best thing about being from Britain is that it's a melting pot of cultures, characters, and creativity. I couldn't imagine coming from anywhere else.''' ,'''To open yourself up and open your heart, it's a scary thing in life, let alone a movie.''' ,'''I'm not really a fan of Valentine's Day. I think it can be romantic doing nothing on Valentine's Day. It's more romantic than being given a big bunch of flowers that everyone else is doing.''' ,'''I have never had the ambition to be famous for nothing. You have to do something with your life.''' ,'''I have sisters who act, and I'd always seen it as their thing. I was never in the school plays like them - I wanted to be a painter.''' ,'''I'd really love to be a versatile, chameleon-like actress, stretching myself a bit.''' ,'''Being in water makes me relax instantly.''' ,'''Feeling really safe as an actor is not a great thing because you're not learning or growing.''' ,'''After studying art, I was a painter for a while and was asked to audition for a movie randomly. I hadn't thought of acting before that.''' ,'''When you tell people you are a model, they have a very narrow view of who you are, and it's good to be able to say that it's not all that I am.''' ,]
+++