+++
author = "Javed Ali"
title = "Javed Ali Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Javed Ali Quotes"
keywords = "javed ali,javed ali quotes,javed ali quote,javed ali sayings,javed ali saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Tum Tak' is a beautiful thought and is a rhythmic expression. It's been composed beautifully. It may sound easy but is difficult to attempt or sing it live.''' ,'''People usually call me for experimental songs.''' ,'''Eventually, I began singing in various shows. It was then that I started appreciating the breadth and depth of Hindi film music.''' ,'''Until I started performing in public, when at the end of the concert people would come to me with teary eyes and say that my performance took them to a trance zone, I had no idea that I can create an impact with my singing.''' ,'''I have sung all kinds of songs - be it ghazals, qawwalis, romantic numbers or peppy numbers.''' ,'''Healthy competition is good to boost ourselves and helps you to take the flight forward.''' ,'''It's very difficult to get recognized in Bollywood. There are so many talented singers and so much competition.''' ,'''To be honest, I hadn't realised the greatness of film music till I was exposed to film songs after I started living in Mumbai.''' ,'''Chennai audience is musically-inclined. They understand and enjoy different genres of music.''' ,'''Music is in my genes. My entire family is into singing.''' ,'''If I'm given a choice to pick what I am interested in, I will definitely sing a ghazal for a movie.''' ,'''Gujaratis not only love music, but they equally appreciate the artists. They express their appreciation wholeheartedly, they dance with you, sing along and always enjoy the music.''' ,'''It's an amazing experience to perform in Nagpur! Music aficionados here appreciate good music and shower their love magnanimously on artistes.''' ,'''Many people say that theatre has no money, but it has been the stepping stone for the best film actors of our times like Naseeruddin Shah, Om Puri, Paresh Rawal, etc.''' ,'''I enjoy singing in different languages, be it Telugu or Bengali. I would like to sing in Malayalam too.''' ,'''I never doubted the fact that I could make it. I always believed in myself.''' ,'''The response that I get from the Lucknow audience is always the best.''' ,'''I've lost count of how many times I have performed in Chennai.''' ,'''My father belongs to Muzaffarnagar. Though I was born and brought up in Delhi, we, as a family, are known as U.P. wallahas.''' ,'''I am not a known face and a lot of people wouldn't recognise me if I walked into a room. But that's okay with me. I want people to recognize me through my work.''' ,'''By the time one song gains popularity, another one is introduced.''' ,'''When I came to Mumbai, I realised an individual should be versatile, and in playback singing you have different genres where you can explore yourself.''' ,'''I like to experiment when it comes to music.''' ,'''Music has no language barriers and this has been proved right several times by the Chennai audience.''' ,'''I personally make sure that my songs are all original without any technical help, and only when that happens that I get complete satisfaction as a singer.''' ,'''Odisha people are very musical. Our music industry has got many talented artists from Odisha. They love music a lot.''' ,'''I am a very shy person.''' ,'''One has to sing from the heart to let it touch the right chords. Unless you enjoy the song, your listener will not either.''' ,'''I don't feel that I have achieved anything, I just want people to love my songs.''' ,'''I know nothing other than singing and I feel blessed.''' ,'''It's an honour when your audience sings along, more than they listen to you at a live gig.''' ,'''Ustad Ghulam Ali has been a huge influence and has guided me constantly. In fact, it was he who suggested I change my stage name to Javed Ali from Javed Hussain.''' ,'''People are surprised when they realise that I have sung 'Tinku Jiya' as they felt it was not my genre. As a musician, till the time I don't try something, I don't refuse it. I like challenging jobs.''' ,'''Ghulam Ali Khan saab is my greatest inspiration.''' ,'''I have a taste for ghazals and I like them.''' ,'''I do see myself doing more than just playback singing.''' ,'''I stand in support of royalty for singers, but sometimes things happen all of a sudden and you have to sign a contract.''' ,'''Ghazal singing will come back with a bang.''' ,'''I have sung songs for several actors in movies, including Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan. Unfortunately, even after singing songs for their movies like 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' and 'Raees,' the two actors have not lip-synced them on screen.''' ,'''I have always enjoyed coming to Ahmedabad.''' ,'''I owe my success to Allah and my parents who have sacrificed so much to get me where I am.''' ,'''Listeners want fresh voices.''' ,'''Healthy competition is very important in any industry. It keeps you on your toes and helps you grow.''' ,'''When you have fun doing something, you should immerse yourself in it completely.''' ,'''Dance numbers continue to be popular and I believe soulful and romantic tracks, too, will never go out of trend.''' ,'''From my early training days, I am an avid listener of heavy music which is laced with proper diction and effective use of grammar of music.''' ,'''Your knowledge remains limited if you just listen to your songs but you grow as a singer when you listen to other singers' work - their style, accent and modulation. You end up absorbing new things.''' ,'''Sufi music talks about connecting people. It talks about connecting hearts and connecting man with God. Everything that talks about connection is Sufi.''' ,'''Whenever I sing a song, I just want it to reach out to the audience.''' ,'''Everyone has their own individuality and it is important that it comes out.''' ,'''I don't think I am hero material.''' ,'''My association with the Times of India has been a great journey. I have done over 15 shows within two years for the brand. I am glad to be a part of their events, as it gives me an opportunity to interact and perform for my fans across the country.''' ,'''When I had to sing 'Kajra re' for 'Bunty Aur Babli,' I thought that my voice will not match that of Amitabh Bachchan's.''' ,'''In independent music, you are the badshah and there are no restrictions, which allow you to embrace your true music. Whereas in playback, your first obligation is to your music director and then to your sensibilities.''' ,'''I love to go to Aksa Beach at midnight.''' ,'''Ghazals can never die; they will come back.''' ,'''Basically as someone who grew up in Delhi, crooning in southern languages which I don't understand is very difficult.''' ,'''I have always been complimented that my voice matches all actors like Shahid Kapoor, Ajay Devgn, Amitabh Bachchan, Hrithik Roshan.''' ,'''There is an endearing quality in Gujaratis and the way they celebrate their lives.''' ,'''I believe that your creativity increases when you evolve with changing technology.''' ,'''I am very fond of western genres, including EDM.''' ,'''I still recall how nervous I was when I went for the recording of 'Guzarish'... When I reached the studio, all of them were there - Rahman, Aamir Khan, lyricist Prasoon Joshi and director A.R. Murugadoss.''' ,'''As I grew older, I realised that I could be versatile. I decided to try out a variety of singing styles by becoming a playback singer.''' ,'''If my singing leaves a long-lasting effect in the mind of the listeners, it is the blessing of the Almighty.''' ,'''I know that composers know my voice type and what songs will suit me. I have been able to mould my voice according to the nature of the song given to me, be it rock, pop or jazz.''' ,'''A film is made for actors and actresses, not for singers.''' ,'''I rarely get the time to watch cricket as I am busy with recordings.''' ,'''I may not be a party-hopper, but I'm a diehard romantic.''' ,'''Lucknow is one of my favourite cities.''' ,'''One of the interesting things about watching a kid perform is that they are too innocent to understand how talented they are... they have no inhibitions. If you ask them to sing, they will sing based on whatever training and practice they have.''' ,'''I am a die hard fan of Lucknow food, so whenever I am in city I make sure to have the famous kebabs.''' ,'''When I was recording 'Kun-Faaya-Kun,' I did it like I was offering Namaaz.''' ,'''I grew up listening to Hindi and Marathi songs of Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosale.''' ,'''One has to be blessed to have a voice that creates impact.''' ,'''Though I come from Delhi, many other artistes like me attained success in Maharashtra.''' ,'''I do not support that everyone has to be a trained classical singer to be able to sing in films but some sort of knowledge in classical space can take you to places.''' ,'''Music is a blessing which God has given to all of us. All of us might not be able to sing but we have an ear for songs and music, that itself is a big blessing.''' ,'''I get excited when I sing in a new language.''' ,'''I like singing all kinds of songs, be it a soft number or a peppy track.''' ,'''I am huge fan of Lata Mangeshkar, Kishore Kumar, Mohammad Rafi, Ghulam Ali and Mehdi Hassan. Listening to these people inspired me to become a singer.''' ,'''I'm not complaining if my work is getting more recognition than me.''' ,'''There was a time in the 1980s when music was almost over. If you think about it, it will be tough for you to remember any song which came during that time. But now music has come back. There are amazing musicians like Vishal-Shekhar, Amit Trivedi, Sneha Khanwalkar who are doing a good job.''' ,'''In the beginning, many composers didn't have confidence in me. It's not their fault. It only comes after you've delivered your first hit.''' ,'''I enjoy singing soulful melodies because they add that extra zing to your performance.''' ,'''I love going to Jama Masjid and Daryaganj whenever I am in Delhi.''' ,'''As an artist, I do not want to limit my skills to one medium alone.''' ,'''I am a student of Ghulam Ali, who was like my guru. I changed my name in his honour.''' ,'''I think every singer should get a formal training in music.''' ,'''It's easier to record because technology is advanced. That's why there is a spurt in the number of new singers.''' ,'''Coming from a middle class background, I faced a lot of hardships during my initial years in Mumbai. I did not have much money and had to sing jingles and bhajans to survive. But those years taught me that a singer should be versatile.''' ,'''I have never followed anyone's style of singing.''' ,'''For listeners, the song 'Kehne ko jashn-e-baharaa hai' looks a very easy number. In fact, it was a challenge to sing the song as I had to really suppress my voice and make it appear like a casual track.''' ,'''Some of my fans tell me that my voice is more suited for romantic numbers, some others say I do Sufi songs better. But that just goes to say that people are more aware of the different genres now. More people are getting exposed to sufi music because of Bollywood, which is good.''' ,'''I never thought I would do a reality show.''' ,'''I don't mind even if I sing a few songs every year, but I just want to do quality work.''' ,'''When you hear a romantic song, the feeling is incomparable.''' ,'''I have got a lot of appreciation from people and they really like my voice in Sufi songs, so I will continue with that, but I'm also experimenting with other types of songs.''' ,'''A lot of singers entered the industry with me. A lot of them struggled. Many have not been able to make it but some have sustained.''' ,'''I like works by Bryan Adams and Mariah Carey, among others.''' ,'''I am fortunate that I was born in a family where music was already a part of life.''' ,]
+++