+++
author = "Homaro Cantu"
title = "Homaro Cantu Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Homaro Cantu Quotes"
keywords = "homaro cantu,homaro cantu quotes,homaro cantu quote,homaro cantu sayings,homaro cantu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We could eliminate sugar across the board for all confectionary products and sodas, and we can replace it with all-natural fresh fruit.''' ,'''Any idea's a great idea as long as it tastes great.''' ,'''Sweet treats are as much a part of our culture as they are our taste palettes, and it can sometimes seem as though sugary snacks are everywhere.''' ,'''Previous generations used to eat locally out of necessity. Without options like flash-freezing and worldwide export services, communities had to rely on local farms for all of their meals. In many ways, this was beneficial. People ate fresh, seasonal foods that were naturally flavorful and nutritious, and farmers and communities prospered.''' ,'''Things that are ultimately complex must have a simple end user experience if they are to be successful.''' ,'''The world is full of challenges, but with those come opportunity, and I'm an opportunist.''' ,'''If you could eat portions of pine trees, you could eliminate corn in many ways.''' ,'''Gastronomy has to catch up to the evolution in technology.''' ,'''When we think of classic American desserts, we tend to imagine apple pie and ice cream. However, the most classic American dessert of all might be the chocolate chip cookie.''' ,'''What is cooking? 'Cooking' is a loose term. It's understanding energy or the lack thereof.''' ,'''Urban farming is not only possible, it is crucial. But it can't be like the farming techniques of yore.''' ,'''Almond Joys are a childhood favorite, but most of us could do without all those grams of sugar, especially when trying to instill healthy habits in our kids.''' ,'''I can't think of a time in the history of man when food was in excess. We're dealing with the same old problems we've dealt with for 60,000 years.''' ,'''From a very young age, I liked to take apart things. All of my Christmas gifts would wind up in a million pieces. I actually recall taking apart my dad's lawnmower three times to understand how combustible engines work.''' ,'''I was bored at school and bored in a lot of the kitchens. It seemed like all I was doing was putting things into saute pans.''' ,'''All of the plants that we do not consider food that are safe for the human body to digest, we don't eat because they're sour and bitter. The reason why you don't eat Kentucky bluegrass or crabgrass is because it tastes sour and bitter.''' ,'''Algae is the perfect food plant. It doubles cell mass every twelve hours, depending on the strain.''' ,'''We can create any sort of flavor on a printed image that we set our minds to.''' ,'''I am a firm believer that if you can explain it to a kid, you're on the right track.''' ,'''A molecular gastronomist is really just someone who explores the world of science and food.''' ,'''People often think that losing your job is one of the worst things that can happen to someone. And, in some cases, that might be true. But for me, unemployment can be the time and the motivation to finally go after my goals.''' ,'''Whether you are new to the scene or a long-time grillmaster, everyone has unique preferences when it comes to their cooking method of choice. From propane to charcoal to wood, people take their method of grilling quite seriously, and some argue quite passionately about the pros and cons of each method.''' ,'''Cooking classes are a great way to hone your skills, learn new recipes, and meet like-minded friends. Spending time in the kitchen with people who love to cook as much as you do is fun and educational.''' ,'''Most of us have fond memories of food from our childhood. Whether it was our mom's homemade lasagna or a memorable chocolate birthday cake, food has a way of transporting us back to the past.''' ,'''There's just a certain fear that people have when they put meat coming out of a printer in their mouth.''' ,'''A food's value is based on how good it tastes.''' ,'''From food trucks to hot dog stands to county fair favorites, 'street food' has enjoyed a rich and storied history in American cuisine. However, street food has been around for thousands of years. In fact, street food is believed to have originated as far back as Ancient Rome.''' ,'''The cow, basically, eats three basic things in their feed: corn, beets, and barley, and so what I do is I actually challenge my staff with these crazy, wild ideas. Can we take what the cow eats, remove the cow, and then make some hamburgers out of that?''' ,'''The only projects that excite me have to be tied to some aspect of social change. No matter how beautiful, a coffee book doesn't exactly move you to change the way you cook or eat.''' ,'''With a little more tweaking, we could make orange juice in the orange without any packaging or processing.''' ,'''If you have time-release pills, you could have time-release expanding cheesecakes.''' ,'''If you look at, you know, the limitations of creating new products, you're only limited by the technology that you have to work with.''' ,'''Every month, about 20 tons of paper are wasted in restaurant menus alone, and so, you know, by that rationale, if you just ate your menu that was made from organic, local products, you could eliminate that paper waste.''' ,'''You know, I want to eat junk food. My kids love junk food.''' ,'''Food trucks give creative entrepreneurs the ability to cook with freedom and make what they love, meaning that they can create highly specialized meals without having the high overhead costs of running a restaurant.''' ,'''Most Americans live on a diet that includes processed fare that is neither fresh nor natural.''' ,'''I was just taught very early that if I didn't solve problems, I was headed for a very dark path. Problems were everywhere. Now, even if there are no problems, I look for problems. I'm like, 'You know what? I don't like the way this spoon works. I want to design a new spoon.'''' ,'''The Japanese have a long lifespan in part because they eat different forms of algae.''' ,'''The significance of the cherry blossom tree in Japanese culture goes back hundreds of years. In their country, the cherry blossom represents the fragility and the beauty of life. It's a reminder that life is almost overwhelmingly beautiful but that it is also tragically short.''' ,'''According to the supermarkets, there is no such thing as 'out of season.' Berries in the middle of February? Why not? Seafood flown in from Japan? Sure. While it all adds up to appetizing and varied meals throughout the year, regardless of the weather, it comes with a price tag - both ethical and financial.''' ,'''My wife and I are always concerned about how long it's going to take to eat out. You just don't know.''' ,'''Unlike charcoal grills, which take up to 30 minutes or more to heat up, wood pellet grills can give off an even heat quite quickly. And, unlike propane grills which heat up quickly but lack flavor, foods cooked on pellet grills are rich in smokiness and succulence.''' ,'''Lots of the cooking classes open to non-professionals are too low-level for experienced foodies, or don't offer enough hands-on training.''' ,'''In time, foods such as hamburgers and ice cream became more than just meals. They became part of American history and culture, touchstones that are almost immediately nostalgic and sentimental no matter how old you are or what part of the country you are from.''' ,'''The interesting thing about the miracle berry in chemo patients is that it actually straightens out their taste buds, whereas for you and I, it blocks our bitter and sour receptors. For them, it straightens them out to taste food as it normally tastes.''' ,'''I love a great conspiracy story. Who doesn't?''' ,'''Sitting down and sharing a meal together combines two of my favorite loves: eating great food and talking about great food.''' ,'''Wood pellet grilling could potentially have a lower risk of cancer when compared to other forms of grilling, as some people say that it leads to the creation of fewer carcinogens.''' ,'''My goal is to spread ideas. Trends always start at the top.''' ,'''The cherry blossom tree is truly a sight to behold, especially when it is in full riotous bloom. There are several varieties of the cherry blossom tree, and while most of them produce flowering branches full of small pinkish-hued flowers, some of them produce actual cherries.''' ,'''Nobody likes it when someone calls in sick.''' ,]
+++