+++
author = "Patrice Leconte"
title = "Patrice Leconte Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Patrice Leconte Quotes"
keywords = "patrice leconte,patrice leconte quotes,patrice leconte quote,patrice leconte sayings,patrice leconte saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Yes, I am very prolific.''' ,'''I'm not one to dwell on rehearsal or preparation.''' ,'''I like cinema. I am very fond of it. But from time to time I feel like having some time on my own.''' ,'''I like films to be complete in their written form.''' ,'''Working with the same people is so much quicker and frees up your energy for other things.''' ,'''I am not a fan of westerns particularly.''' ,'''If a film is very clever and well-written, that's what gives you freedom as a director.''' ,'''No, but it's not because I'm getting older that I'm trying to accelerate. But something very curious is happening: The older I get, the more ideas I'm getting.''' ,'''But I won't work with the exact same crew film after film because I feel the work would get a little complacent.''' ,'''What I expect of a movie reviewer is that he should love cinema as much as I do.''' ,'''My movies are, more or less, very short. I'm terrified of boring an audience.''' ,'''You can work, shop, do everything from home, and I find this unsettling.''' ,'''I would rather my films be well-known than I be well-known.''' ,'''I like films that are well-written and concise and with not a lot of room for improvisation.''' ,'''Married people from my generation are like an endangered species!''' ,'''Working with a bunch of actors is like trying to tune each violin.''' ,'''I've always done 20 things at once. It's my way of staying alive, not to keep one dish cooking, but several dishes going. And I'm pretty organized.''' ,'''You may think it's very presumptuous, but I really hope that my movies are going to turn people into better people.''' ,'''I never storyboard. I hate it. I don't understand why so many directors want to make comic strips of their films.''' ,'''When I was young, my idea was to become a filmmaker.''' ,'''I can zero in on subtle things because I'm holding the camera.''' ,]
+++