+++
author = "Amanda Hearst"
title = "Amanda Hearst Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Amanda Hearst Quotes"
keywords = "amanda hearst,amanda hearst quotes,amanda hearst quote,amanda hearst sayings,amanda hearst saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think some people still don't really know what ethical fashion is.''' ,'''I would say I'm pretty minimal. Comfort is key. So during the day, it's usually, like, jeans and a sweater. But for evening wear, I'll dress up a bit.''' ,'''Melissa Biggs Bradley spent a decade as Travel Editor of 'Town & Country,' and later served as the founding editor of 'Town & Country Travel.' She then launched Indagare Souk, an online marketplace of global treasures.''' ,'''I'm pretty relaxed with my skincare. I really like two brands: Tata Harper and Ren, which is a natural skincare line. I use lotions, and I use Dove soap.''' ,'''I try to stay in line and not be a jerk. I've always been conscious that if I really screw up, people might notice.''' ,'''In 2009, designer Tina Tangalakis went on a volunteer trip to Ghana and instantly fell in love with the country and its people. It was from that trip that Della was born, a company that provides jobs, education, and skills training to women in Ghana.''' ,'''One of my favorite luxuries in life is travel. Jet lag and lost baggage aside, it's an incredible way to learn about other cultures, meet new people, broaden your horizons... and do some amazing shopping!''' ,'''I basically made it my mission to prove that ethical fashion isn't frumpy and bland.''' ,'''I'm definitely an independent person, and I don't need boyfriends all the time.''' ,'''Personally, when I go to Tulum, I prefer to be near the action but not in the midst of it.''' ,'''If I'm going to talk about an issue, I better know what it's about viscerally.''' ,'''As I've said a million times, I'm obsessed with Liya Kebede's LemLem line. The pieces, made by artisans in her native Ethiopia, are perfect for summer! I'm also a big fan of jewelry line Lulu Frost. Designer Lisa Salzer and I have been friends forever, and I love how she incorporates vintage pieces into her jewelry.''' ,'''Compared to overdeveloped islands like Nassau, Bimini has kept its original charm. Walk the streets to see colorfully painted houses, funky shops, and trade greetings with friendly Biminites.''' ,'''A typical native New Yorker, I'm prone to wearing the city's unofficial sartorial color: black.''' ,'''I started Friends of Finn to raise money and awareness about the issue of puppy mills, which are illegal breeding facilities where animals are often bred to death and mistreated. It's a prevalent problem and a million dollar industry in the United States.''' ,'''Zaha Hadid's Maxxi Museum is proof that Rome and contemporary architecture are no longer a paradox. The building is characteristic Hadid - with curving lines and organic shapes - and the permanent collection already boasts works by Francesco Clemente, William Kentridge, and Gerhard Richter.''' ,'''I'm a really big advocate of ethical fashion. I actually have a travelling boutique called Maison de Mode, which is all about ethical fashion. I also like Maiyet from Paris. They're very Celine-esque in their silhouettes. I love their back story, too: they work with orphans in Colombia and India.''' ,'''Whenever the subject of doing reality television comes up, I immediately disregard it, because most people don't come off well, and it's embarrassing.''' ,'''There's no denying that Christy Turlington looks good in everything, but it's especially great when she uses her supermodel looks and charitable spirit to support the organization she founded, Every Mother Counts.''' ,'''I can't imagine what it's like to go through life without shoes to protect your feet, and yet millions of kids do it. That's why TOMS is such an incredible company - it gives shoes to children who need them!''' ,'''My closet is a sea of black pants, skirts, tops, and bags, so it's great to come across a brand that makes me want to break out of my fashion rut! The Sequence Collection is an accessories line that is all about color, from funky woven bracelets to brightly-patterned bags.''' ,]
+++