+++
author = "Laura Marano"
title = "Laura Marano Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Laura Marano Quotes"
keywords = "laura marano,laura marano quotes,laura marano quote,laura marano sayings,laura marano saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What better way to expand your imagination than to read!''' ,'''Every single person has the power to change the world and help people.''' ,'''I'm pretty obsessed with Sara Bareilles. She is so talented, and I feel like I would learn so much from her.''' ,'''I don't know about you, but I think blankets are the best, especially your own personal blanket.''' ,'''I'm kind of obsessed with wedges, but I go to a regular high school, so I'm not going to be wearing Vera Wang there.''' ,'''I have a whole area in my closet for displaying shoes. They are in rows. But nobody comes in my closet, so they are only on display for me. It's pretty spectacular.''' ,'''The only instrument I know how to really play, and the instrument that I absolutely love, is the piano. I have been playing piano ever since I have been 9.''' ,'''It's possible to look really cute and still be comfortable. You don't have to kill your feet to have a fashionable look.''' ,'''If I saw my friend's boyfriend flirting with someone else, I would definitely talk to him about what I saw. I would want to give him a chance to explain. However, depending on how major the flirting was, I would probably mention it to my friend - just to let her know what's going on.''' ,'''Sometimes, the most daunting thing about performing is making eye contact with your audience, so just look above them and at the corners of the room. Soon, you'll totally forget they're there.''' ,'''I am the biggest klutz on set. I honestly don't think I have ever been as klutzy as when I'm on set. People call me 'Grace' ironically because I'm not graceful. It's ridiculous.''' ,'''When I'm working I wear so much makeup, and when I'm out with my friends I wear makeup, so sometimes at school I'm just like, 'Today is not much of a makeup day - foundation, chapstick - done.'''' ,'''As a girl who was raised on the idea that we should give back to our community as much as possible, I believe that we have more power than we think when it comes to making change.''' ,'''Working on 'Austin and Ally' has been an absolute dream! We literally have fun every single day! Whether it's scaring each other or singing together or just hanging out in each other's dressing rooms, the cast and I are super close! I feel really lucky to be with everyone on our set!''' ,'''When you are performing in theater, you feel so connected to your audience. It's exhilarating!''' ,'''I kind of have the most amazing fans ever. They are the most committed, passionate people, and I love them so much.''' ,'''Chilling out on the bed in your hotel room watching television, while wearing your own pajamas, is sometimes the best part of a vacation.''' ,'''Inspire your children. I promise, your kids will think you're cool if you do this. They may not tell you that now, but they'll thank you later in life.''' ,'''When I'm at school, I usually put my hair up. High pony, side pony, or a bun, I like my hair out of my face.''' ,'''The best way to get to know the place you are traveling in is to walk around... and the best way to walk around is with comfortable shoes! Grab your travel buddy and your running shoes and go explore!''' ,'''At the prom, you are more about boys thinking you're cute. On the red carpet, you have to please everyone because there are a lot more people looking at those pictures.''' ,'''Kids really have a lot more power than they think they have. They have the power to change the world. And they should know it.''' ,'''I'm so thankful for my family and friends - they're really supportive. Everyone I work with on 'Austin & Ally;' the cast and crew are like my family now. We have so much fun, and I'm so happy they're in my life!''' ,'''To me, the most worrisome part of traveling comes before any of the traveling actually occurs: the suitcase-packing process. It's a challenging and anxiety-filled process - I am caught between wanting my suitcase to be light and worrying I am going to need every single item in my bedroom.''' ,'''I'm a girl who loves shoes. There is nothing like the feeling of trying on shoes at the store and they fit perfectly.''' ,]
+++