+++
author = "Nicole Polizzi"
title = "Nicole Polizzi Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Nicole Polizzi Quotes"
keywords = "nicole polizzi,nicole polizzi quotes,nicole polizzi quote,nicole polizzi sayings,nicole polizzi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'll always be this crazy, fun person, but when it's time to get married, I'm going to be an amazing wife.''' ,'''You have to remember that reality shows capture your worst moments.''' ,'''When you're tanner, you feel hotter and sexier. You should try it.''' ,'''If I do something stupid, which is pretty much the whole time, I hate it. I just hate it.''' ,'''No one knows that I'm smart.''' ,'''I've calmed down already. I don't hook up anymore.''' ,'''I think I just realized that having a problem - an eating disorder - it's not healthy and you can actually die from that. I realized it's not worth it and you just need to be healthy.''' ,'''It's important to be true to yourself and your vision.''' ,'''Ten years from now, I would like to see myself successful as a brand, like Jessica Simpson, with babies running around and a beautiful husband and my own reality show.''' ,'''People go tanning because they like to feel tan. You feel more sexy when you're tan and I don't understand why you would tax on that, because you're making yourself feel more happy about yourself.''' ,'''But it's really hard to eat good when you're traveling because you see fast food and you want to go to this restaurant and that restaurant.''' ,'''I don't have regrets, there are only lessons. You learn from them, and you become a better person.''' ,'''I went to school, I went to college. I know how to read. Even though I lack common sense sometimes, I am book smart.''' ,'''It sucks, but no Long Islands or margaritas when you drink. It has to be straight vodka.''' ,'''I always wanted my own fragrance because I could never find the right scent for me. At home, I would always mix bottles of my favorite fragrances to create a unique and different scent.''' ,'''I don't read. I don't like to read 'Harry Potter' or anything like that. It's not my style.''' ,'''I think the biggest misconception about me is people really don't know who I really am. They see the party side of me, they see the crazy side of me. But I also have a laid-back side. You know, I'm chill, down to earth. If you want to grab a cup of coffee and just talk about life, I can do that.''' ,'''I'm trying to build an empire, because after this, I cannot get a normal job.''' ,'''Don't let negativity affect your vision. A lot of people have said harsh things, but I don't let it affect me. If anything it gives me more enthusiasm and pushes me to do better in my career so I can prove them wrong.''' ,'''I like a guy who makes me laugh, doesn't care about the fame, the show, he just likes me for me, he likes Nicole.''' ,'''It's hard for people to see you one way, but you're really the other way, so it's kind of like, 'Who am I, who are you?' Sometimes, I confuse even myself.''' ,'''I got bullied in high school. A lot of girls were so mean to me because their boyfriends wanted to hang out with me and my girls, so they pretty much bullied me to the point where I was crying at night.''' ,'''Some exfoliates have rocks in them and it makes your skin really smooth, and cat litter is a good substitute. I haven't broke out at all yet!''' ,'''I think you see more of like, the party side of me, which I call Snooki, it's kind of my alter ego.''' ,'''I try and have family time, all the time, so you know, I get to see them a lot. And I'm always with my friends, my boyfriend, it helps me keep grounded and kind of sane.''' ,'''Study hard, but party harder.''' ,'''What I'd like is to turn out like Jessica Simpson, with her whole brand.''' ,'''The only person I've had sex with on Jersey Shore is my boyfriend.''' ,'''I have an education, I went to college, you know?''' ,'''We all stick up for ourselves and I think that's why we stand out, because we really don't care what other people think.''' ,'''Just want to set the record straight. I'm single and I'm not going to get married!''' ,'''I don't go tanning anymore because Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning. McCain would never put a 10 percent tax on tanning. Because he's pale and would probably want to be tan.''' ,'''When you're tan, you feel better about yourself.''' ,'''Be sure of yourself, don't let anyone bully you, be a strong and independent woman or boy.''' ,'''The guys you see me bring home, we're only cuddling and making out like any other person would do, but we're on camera and the whole world's seeing it, and it does look like I'm having sex.''' ,'''You're going to have haters and you're going to have lovers.''' ,'''We can't have cellphones, TV, radio or the Internet. If the president died, we'd have no idea. There's no normalcy. It's just like prison, with cameras.''' ,'''It's always been a dream to have my own sunglass line and I'm so excited to be able to finally offer it to my fans!''' ,'''As I graduated high school, it didn't faze me anymore. Right now, I don't even care what people think of me. I'm happy with myself.''' ,'''Donald Trump, I would vote for him. Trump would make this country better I feel.''' ,'''I definitely want to get in shape and be healthy again.''' ,'''So I would always try and be the lightest I could. In high school, I really wouldn't eat. I would only have lunch and I would only have salads. And then it got so crazy as to just eating like a cracker or a cucumber a day and I would feel full.''' ,'''I think I want to move forward. I want to move to Brooklyn and find a business Italian guy to take care of me.''' ,]
+++