+++
author = "Mollie Hemingway"
title = "Mollie Hemingway Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mollie Hemingway Quotes"
keywords = "mollie hemingway,mollie hemingway quotes,mollie hemingway quote,mollie hemingway sayings,mollie hemingway saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''This schtick of calling Republicans racist when they do, well, anything is not new.''' ,'''The Trump White House would be known for its high placement of females in key roles if the media were even remotely honest about the facts.''' ,'''I have no doubt that Glenn Kessler is a nice guy, but the job of 'fact' 'checking' the Washington Post's ally Joe Biden will not rest with anyone so politically biased in his favor. It just won't.''' ,'''Even if Donald Trump had lost the 2016 election, instead of won it in a surprise, the media's coverage of his campaign and supporters would have been a horrific failure. They presented that race as unwinnable for Trump and as if his support was inexplicable.''' ,'''People who care about facts and truth must remember to seek out original sources rather than trust mendacious reporters and media outlets.''' ,'''Like Obama, President Trump has utilized military strikes, albeit in a limited fashion. Nevertheless, he has invaded no new countries and worked steadfastly to end the two-decade-long war in Afghanistan.''' ,'''Foreign leaders across the world have treated the coronavirus as an opportunity for unprecedented power grabs. China and South Korea track their citizens digitally. Israel suspended some courts. Hungary's executive seized emergency authorities. Elections were delayed.''' ,'''Tons of people struggle to pronounce words, remember information, and string sentences together, particularly as they age. Biden, already the oldest president in U.S. history, is no exception.''' ,'''Trump needs the media to act the way they do so he can dunk on them and look good by comparison. The media are enjoying the short-term rush of their war with Trump, wearing his abuse as a badge of honor among their peers.''' ,'''America is in an epic battle with the Wuhan coronavirus. It's not fun. It's been messing with us. It behaves oddly. But Americans should want America to win.''' ,'''While it's true that the vice presidential slot isn't the most important thing on people's minds in a presidential election, these debates frequently matter.''' ,'''From 2016 through 2020, the easiest way to achieve stardom on the political left was to loudly proclaim your belief that 2016 was an illegitimate election stolen by the Russians on behalf of a corrupt traitor.''' ,'''Republican establishment figures have fallen for the claim that suburban mothers can be turned Democrat by attacks on Republicans as racist. They haven't figured out that not only does cowering in the face of media and partisan bullies make you appear weak and unworthy of political alignment, but a lot of voters resent it.''' ,'''When children are conceived, both parties have duties and obligations toward all involved.''' ,'''Hawley is one of the Republican elected officials who takes highly funded and highly coordinated Democrat efforts against vote integrity seriously, and that's the main reason left-wing activists in and outside the media are opposed to him.''' ,'''In 2016, Trump won by winning battleground states that few expected him to win.''' ,'''In my church body, there is a ton of standing, sitting, and kneeling during worship. We're always on the move, kneeling for the confession of sins, bowing toward the processional cross, and always standing at the mention of the Triune God.''' ,'''All elections are about choices, and good campaigns will make those choices clear.''' ,'''Social conservatives have been involved in the pro-life movement for decades.''' ,'''Limbaugh has taught millions of Americans about conservative ideology, emphasizing the Constitution and the country's founding ideals, and suffered attacks from the left as a result. He is a folk hero who is beloved in part because he defends tens of millions of Americans against attacks.''' ,'''When various Democrats up to and including Sen. Barbara Boxer objected to previous Electoral College votes in 2004 and 2016, they were not the victim of cancel mobs. In fact, they were praised by the media and Democratic Party leaders.''' ,'''American foreign policy in the George W. Bush era was made by a president closely affiliated with evangelical Christianity. The thrust of his agenda was that the United States should work to democratize the Middle East.''' ,'''The House Republican conference can tolerate a member who caters to the Democratic media complex in order to further her personal agenda. However, she can't be in leadership.''' ,'''The daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney worked at the State Department during the presidency of George W. Bush. While in Congress, Cheney has focused on pushing a Bush-era foreign policy, particularly in support of continuing the Afghanistan and Iraq wars indefinitely.''' ,'''The problem with Donald Trump was that he had no filter. There may have not been a single thought he left unexpressed or failed to share with the American public during his first term - at least until Biden's buddies in Big Tech censored and deplatformed him and his supporters.''' ,'''The swine flu of 2009 was no fun, as my husband can attest, but it resulted in only 273,304 hospitalizations and 12,469 deaths in the United States. The Wuhan virus hospitalizations and deaths have eclipsed those numbers many times over.''' ,'''There is no need to respond to whatever your most powerful and unaccountable political opponent says you have to respond to, particularly on their own corrupt and partisan terms. Treat them as your primary political opposition, because they are.''' ,'''Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., used the Kavanaugh nomination in 2018 as a springboard for her failed presidential campaign.''' ,'''Political parties usually try to lay low or provide effective responses to the opposite party's convention.''' ,'''When the Asian flu hit the United States in 1957, during the Eisenhower administration, it was just the latest contagion college students had faced in a lifetime of contagious diseases.''' ,'''In what sense is The New York Times not the propaganda arm of the Democratic National Committee?''' ,'''It is rather absurd on its face to suggest that the president of the United States should not be managing his own press conferences no matter the situation.''' ,'''There are people who think that uniting with people who think that the country is irredeemably evil is not in our best interest.''' ,'''Many presidents have battled with Congress over their executive privilege and what it covers, but the idea that the debate is cause for impeachment is remarkably weak.''' ,'''Religious liberty is a natural right and a highly sensitive issue for Americans, many of whose forefathers frequently came to the country to practice it.''' ,'''President George W. Bush campaigned on a promise to not nation-build. Instead, he launched a war against Iraq, notably mostly for its many years of nation-building that followed.''' ,'''Biden's first failed run for the presidency was ended by his dishonesty over his academic record and his plagiarism, including the biography and speeches of British Labor politician Neil Kinnock.''' ,'''Average Americans need to stop reading and watching the corrupt corporate media. They should immediately stop subscribing to them, stop advertising with them, and stop paying attention to them.''' ,'''Many pundits have never understood how the traditional Republican voter could ever vote for Trump, much less be so unfailingly loyal to him. Pence is the embodiment of the answer to that question.''' ,'''Efforts to steal an election in 2000 or overturn one from 2016 should be met not with passive compliance but a righteous defense of the ballot box.''' ,'''President George W. Bush was kind of a goofy tongue-tied dude. Mostly he just mangled the English language. Barack Obama, by contrast, was a smooth talker. The problem is that frequently what he said was just wrong or tendentious.''' ,'''One of the undervalued contributors to Trump's stunning 2016 victory was the masterful performance Pence had in his debate against Hillary Clinton running mate Tim Kaine, who was admittedly a bit of a disaster.''' ,'''Policy proposals to ensure the integrity of ballots are routinely presented by Democrats as not just racist but as having no function other than racism.''' ,'''Despite the belief of many career bureaucrats that elected political leadership works for them, our system is built on the idea that the permanent bureaucracy, such as it exists, works for the elected leadership, which in turn works for and represents the American public.''' ,'''The Federalist was one of the only publications to consistently express skepticism toward the Resistance's conspiracy theory that Donald Trump was a traitor who had colluded with Russia to steal the 2016 election.''' ,'''A lot of people say, 'I don't want to unite with a movement that says that we should defund the police nationwide.' To unite with that movement might even sound completely crazy. And yet, people say that... there should be unity on these things.''' ,'''As the Coronavirus spread from Wuhan, China, to the United States, most governors quickly acquiesced to the media's demand that they force a governmental shutdown of their states in order to prevent hospitals from being overwhelmed.''' ,'''The media may wish that the coordinated effort to control the outcome of the 2020 election through censorship, deplatforming, and removing scrutiny for mail-in ballots be downplayed or ignored, but some people aren't allowing that to happen.''' ,'''It is quite typical for Democrats and other political groups to incite or exploit racial hatred, prejudice, or tension for political gain around the time of elections.''' ,'''It's easy to complain about the obvious reality that our political media are completely corrupted and engage in propaganda, not journalism. But as they are the largest, most powerful, and least accountable political advocacy group in the country, Americans also need to do more than complain as the press harms the country.''' ,'''Brett Kavanaugh was a very difficult Supreme Court nominee for liberals to oppose. He had a stellar reputation, an impeccable record, and a genial disposition.''' ,'''The most contentious Supreme Court battles are when a Republican nominates someone to replace a liberal justice.''' ,'''The final 2016 debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump gave voters much to think about. That was the night Clinton admitted that she was willing to engage in a proxy war with Russia in Syria. For his part, Trump highlighted Clinton's radical support of abortion through all nine months of pregnancy, a charge she could not deny.''' ,'''During Biden's nearly 50 years in politics, his off-the-cuff remarks have gotten him in more than a bit of trouble, but the obvious teleprompter use is posing problems of its own.''' ,'''One of the many misconceptions about Trump's victory in 2016 was that he won only because people disliked Hillary Clinton. While she was strongly disliked, so was he. The differences in policy should not be overlooked.''' ,'''After the 2000 election, which hinged on the results of a recount in Florida, Democrats smeared President George W. Bush as 'selected, not elected.'''' ,'''Publishing identical NeverTrump columns about Trump 'unraveling' month after month and year after year is yet another way to treat conservative Americans as second-class citizens.''' ,'''If you think the country is at risk of imploding due to cancel culture, lack of border control, horrific foreign policy decisions going back decades, and bowing down to China - and many of us do - then absolutely a Trump speech is a breath of comforting and soothing fresh air.''' ,'''Unfortunately, Republicans are too often tone-deaf to the concerns of black Americans.''' ,'''Trump flourishes the more the White House press corps is riddled with political activists posing as journalists. But the country might fare better with more informed questions from reporters able to think through issues less politically.''' ,'''The trumpeting of false claims that are beneficial to Biden and other Democrats while ignoring the achievements of Trump and Republicans is typical for many media corporations.''' ,'''I love all of my colleagues here at The Federalist, but everyone knows that David Harsanyi is my favorite. I will be forever grateful for the guidance and support he gave me when we started this enterprise. He is a rock. His work is consistent, productive, done to a high standard. He is supportive of his colleagues.''' ,'''During the 2016 campaign, editors and bookers at media outlets claimed they couldn't find any good writers or TV pundits to discuss the appeal of Trump. That was always a lie.''' ,'''Anti-Trump criticisms fail in part because his opponents don't understand what actually motivates his supporters.''' ,'''Like many Americans, our family is concerned about how Amazon has so negatively affected the country. The more we learn about how Amazon does business, the more it repulses us.''' ,'''Trump's biggest success in his first term has been his foreign policy agenda.''' ,'''Within the small crew of people who hold the media's many 'NeverTrump' positions, the Ethics and Public Policy Center's Pete Wehner doesn't get enough credit for writing the same thing over and over and over and over and over again.''' ,'''What GOP Senators should have learned in 2018 is that they're stronger when they work together.''' ,'''One thing about virtual church is that you can attend easily from anywhere. I've dropped in on my childhood congregation in California and the congregations of various friends and family members.''' ,'''If questioning the results of a presidential election were a crime, as many have asserted in the wake of the controversial 2020 election and its aftermath, nearly the entire Democratic Party and media establishment would have been incarcerated for their rhetoric following the 2016 election.''' ,'''Americans want a strong military but one that is extremely cautious about getting involved in war.''' ,'''Not only did corporate media not condemn leading Democrats' refusal to accept the results of the 2016 election, the media were also super spreaders of wild conspiracy theories about how Trump and Russia colluded to steal the election from Clinton.''' ,'''One of the best family traditions is creative ways mothers and fathers discipline children while in church. My mother was an expert at the 'dig her fingernails into my arm while continuing to smile and sing' trick.''' ,'''Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky always does an excellent job of understanding media's false assumptions enough to immediately push back on them.''' ,'''While pro-lifers and social conservatives form one of the most important blocks of support for the Republican Party, they are traditionally taken for granted. At conventions, their issues are downplayed, if not ignored.''' ,'''Journalists aren't known for their courage so much as their belief that there is safety in crowds.''' ,'''Once many in the media finally began paying attention to the Wuhan coronavirus in a non-dismissive way, they swung wildly into another direction of hyping models that predicted millions of dead Americans, and millions of dead in other countries.''' ,'''Media outlets treat conservative Americans as second-class citizens whose arguments don't need to be listened to or engaged with.''' ,'''If anti-Trump activists in journalism and politics want to put out stories that actually change Trump supporters' opinions, they will have to begin to understand what Trump supporters' opinions are.''' ,'''Whether it relates to sexual harassment claims, or Coronavirus policies, the media play by two different sets of rules. To get good coverage as a Republican, in this and all other storylines, one must typically condemn conservatives or President Donald Trump.''' ,'''There is no Republican in existence who handles media malfeasance as well as Trump.''' ,'''While it's lovely that political media are so encouraging and supportive of Biden operatives, the contrast with their posture toward Trump officials is difficult to ignore.''' ,'''With Biden, who knows if he even knows what he's saying. The last thing we need is for our adversaries to take advantage of how little control he has over his own faculties.''' ,'''I saw someone on Twitter describe Pence as the yin to Trump's yang and there is a truth in that.''' ,'''President Barack Obama campaigned on a promise to stop endless wars. The military-industrial complex had other ideas, including launching an invasion of Libya and using drone strikes even on American citizens abroad.''' ,'''One shouldn't always assume polls are wrong, but if anyone learned anything from 2016 and 2018, it's that polls are not always right.''' ,'''Throughout his administration, women have been many of President Trump's top advisors and communications leaders.''' ,'''Unlike a Google lobbyist endorsing Biden, a black Democrat state rep endorsing Trump publicly takes courage.''' ,'''The 'Russia collusion' narrative caused untold damage to the Trump administration and its policy goals. It sparked a years-long special counsel probe that pursued scores of Trump associates but found none who had colluded with Russia to steal the 2016 election.''' ,'''Our corrupt, partisan media are embarrassing.''' ,'''Yes, Trump has the support of many Christians, but it's not because they think he loves Benny Hinn or Creflo Dollar.''' ,'''The deadly Coronavirus must be fought lest it overwhelm hospitals.''' ,'''One of the reasons President Trump won in 2016 was his opposition to the way we fight wars. At the same time, he is willing to use American force to advance American interests. This confuses the foreign policy groups at either extreme.''' ,'''Joe Biden is not the first person in his family to have gone to college. But he has a lengthy history of claiming otherwise, no matter how much the lie gets him in trouble.''' ,'''A good leader should balance what the coronavirus-limited 'experts' are arguing for with all other health, safety, security, and well-being concerns. Too few realize that.''' ,'''McConnell is praised throughout the Republican Party for his focus on confirming originalist judges to federal courts. It's easily his greatest legacy, and one I wrote about at length in 'Justice On Trial,' my book with Carrie Severino.''' ,'''We need a steely resolve, not simpering fear. Nothing is going to stop us. Not polio, not Nazis, not gravity! Nothing. We're America.''' ,'''Pundits talk as if polls are always right, but if they were, pundits wouldn't have jobs.''' ,'''The Coronavirus pandemic has three major battle fronts: public health, economic, media. Whatever his flaws, Trump understands that all three battles must be waged.''' ,'''While teleprompter use is very common for politicians and others giving formal speeches, Biden is the first candidate to regularly use one outside of formal speeches, such as during press conferences.''' ,]
+++