+++
author = "Isaac Hempstead Wright"
title = "Isaac Hempstead Wright Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Isaac Hempstead Wright Quotes"
keywords = "isaac hempstead wright,isaac hempstead wright quotes,isaac hempstead wright quote,isaac hempstead wright sayings,isaac hempstead wright saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The fans of 'Game of Thrones' are dedicated. It's really nice to talk to them, why they love the show and what it means to them. It's a real pleasure.''' ,'''I tend to listen to music more than I read. I need to get into reading a bit more. The stuff I tend to read is usually non-fiction books more than fiction, but I've been trying to power my way through Dostoevsky's 'Crime and Punishment,' and I do enjoy it.''' ,'''Eggs is a kind of a plucky, brave 11-year-old boy who thinks he is a boxtroll. And he's kind of one of these mythological feral children who are raised in isolation of humanity and, by virtue of that, have a deeper connection to humanity because they've been raised away from the poisons of society.''' ,'''Eggs is great at leading the Boxtrolls, and that's probably my favorite trait of his. He is a Boxtroll, but he hasn't lost all of his human virtues. He can get out of his box, and he can fight back, which the Boxtrolls can't.''' ,'''It wasn't like I ever said, 'I want to be an actor.' I was in the right place at the right time. I went to a local drama group because I found football on the weekends too cold - which is highly ironic because I've had some of the coldest experiences of my life filming 'Game of Thrones.'''' ,'''The craziest place I've probably ever visited while filming would have to be Jordan. I did a small test shoot for a test movie. We arrived in Jordan, and we stayed in Amman for a night. Then we drove down for three hours into the middle of the Wadi Rum Desert, which is in the absolute middle of nowhere. It was insane.''' ,'''Most people are dispensable in 'Game of Thrones,' not only in the story but in the series.''' ,'''I love 'Sherlock.' I love 'Modern Family.'''' ,'''The thing about 'Game of Thrones' is it doesn't pin too much of a focus on magic. It kind of paints it in the same way that mystical things are portrayed in our world, because you don't walk about Westeros and see wizards with staffs or magical wands. All the characters don't really believe in it. It's this mysterious hidden vein to Westeros.''' ,'''You can learn something from everyone in 'Game of Thrones,' whether it is something you learn not to do or something you learn to do.''' ,''''Game of Thrones' isn't all about magic - it's way more about political scheming and family tensions - but to be a part of this exclusive magic club is actually really cool.''' ,'''Occasionally, fans will ask me to go on their shoulders, and we'll do a sort of Hodor and Bran thing. That's always good fun. But one guy did it, and he really wasn't an expert at picking people up, and I was kind of going sideways on his back holding onto his neck, and then I sort of fell off. But that was fun.''' ,'''To be a part of Laika's universe is an opportunity not to be passed up.''' ,'''I really want to be a villain.''' ,'''One of my first days shooting on 'Game of Thrones' was possibly the coldest day I've ever experienced in my life, and that sticks out especially because I'd never, ever done anything before.''' ,'''Every day that you're on set is a new day to learn something. Every time you're there, there's something new that you'll notice or something that you'll miss, and you think of something new that you can do.''' ,'''I think my favorite film of all time has to be 'The Illusionist' by Sylvain Chomet. Beautiful plot, beautiful story. You know, not much happens, but it's beautiful. And when I was young, 'The Triplets of Belleville' was one of my favorite movies. I liked his style a lot.''' ,'''I think Eggs looks great, with his mucky face with dirt all over it and greasy hair. He's the ideal boy Boxtroll, really. It's quite difficult to capture a boy who's grown up as a Boxtroll. So, he looks good.''' ,'''I love school and science; I also love piano and music.''' ,]
+++