+++
author = "Wade Boggs"
title = "Wade Boggs Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Wade Boggs Quotes"
keywords = "wade boggs,wade boggs quotes,wade boggs quote,wade boggs sayings,wade boggs saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One guy that I wish was here right now, Ted Williams, helped me so much, our long talks, not about hitting but about fishing, one of Ted's passions, and I wish he was here today to share this with me because I owe so much to Ted Williams.''' ,'''Anyone can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a dad, and that's why I call you dad, because you are so special to me. You taught me the game and you taught me how to play it right.''' ,'''Humbled by the fact that never in a million years would I ever thought that I would be on the same stage with all these great Hall of Famers and enshrined to the National Baseball Hall of Fame.''' ,'''You can't see the bat hit the ball if you're generating any bat speed. If you're just laying the bat through the strike zone, sure, maybe.''' ,'''This journey started about 42 years ago in a little town of Brunswick, Georgia.''' ,'''The old saying was, 'Boggs never drives in any runs.' I played in 155 games. I led off. That's 155 plate appearance where I come up with nobody on.''' ,'''The owner of the New York Yankees, Mr. George Steinbrenner who I had the greatest respect for, I want to thank him for giving me the opportunity to win that special ring in 1996.''' ,'''Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but how we react to what happens, not by what life brings us but the attitude we bring to life.''' ,'''Then there's Johnny Pesky, hit me countless number of ground balls and improved my fielding so much.''' ,'''My God... What are the headlines going to be like on Monday if the Yankees don't make the playoffs?''' ,'''In life, so many things are taken for granted, but one thing I can honestly say is that I took every day, enjoyed the game of putting on that uniform and playing the great game of baseball.''' ,'''I think athletes in general are actors. We perform in front of big crowds. People pay to come see you play. So, people come see you to basically act.''' ,'''I have a message for the young kids. Life is about obstacles, endeavors in life are not to be overlooked.''' ,'''Looking back on those days and little leaguer, the Hall of Fame is not even a blinking star, but through baseball travels and moving up the ladder, that star begins to flicker.''' ,'''A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.''' ,'''I played the game one way. I gave it everything I had. It doesn't take any ability to hustle.''' ,'''I like alligator meat. Tastes like chicken.''' ,'''When you set goals and you reach those goals in mid-August and early September, there's nothing to look forward to. You sort of lose your drive.''' ,'''To me, hitting the ball in the air means hitting a line drive, and I hit far more balls in the air.''' ,'''I didn't get over 1300 walks without knowing the strike zone.''' ,'''Rod Carew told me once that for those that know you, no explanation is necessary, and for those that don't know you, none is possible. That's the philosophy I live by.''' ,'''Lou Gorman gave my number to a non-roster player the year after I left.''' ,'''I felt that I'd rather be lucky than good. That's the aspect I kept bringing to baseball. The more superstitions I had, the better off I'd have of finding more luck.''' ,'''I haven't been really superstitious once I left baseball, actually.''' ,'''I got pantsed in 'Bar Wars,' the number-one rated episode of 'Cheers' all time. I'm very proud of that.''' ,]
+++