+++
author = "Elizabeth Kapu'Uwailani Lindsey"
title = "Elizabeth Kapu'Uwailani Lindsey Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Elizabeth Kapu'Uwailani Lindsey Quotes"
keywords = "elizabeth kapu'uwailani lindsey,elizabeth kapu'uwailani lindsey quotes,elizabeth kapu'uwailani lindsey quote,elizabeth kapu'uwailani lindsey sayings,elizabeth kapu'uwailani lindsey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''All of us want to be better. Human nature is always seeking advancement.''' ,'''My work is as an ethnographic rescuer: a conduit between past and future generations. The urgency of this effort cannot be overstated.''' ,'''For centuries, cultures throughout the world have used indigenous technologies to navigate life's complexities. From navigator-priests in Micronesia to mystics in India, vast sums of knowledge are available if we but recognize it.''' ,'''True navigation begins in the human heart. It's the most important map of all.''' ,'''As a child, I was raised by native Hawaiian elders - three old women who took care of me while my parents worked.''' ,'''I believe that when an elder dies, a library is burned: vast sums of wisdom and knowledge are lost. Throughout the world libraries are ablaze with scant attention.''' ,'''We live in a society bloated with data yet starved for wisdom. We're connected 24/7, yet anxiety, fear, depression and loneliness is at an all-time high. We must course-correct.''' ,'''From the boardroom to the bedroom, we're connected 24/7, yet loneliness is at an all-time high. More people are reaching for mobile devices than for the hand of someone in need. Where did our humanity go?''' ,]
+++