+++
author = "Paulinho"
title = "Paulinho Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Paulinho Quotes"
keywords = "paulinho,paulinho quotes,paulinho quote,paulinho sayings,paulinho saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always been this kind of player: since youth level I've been a midfielder who can arrive and finish.''' ,'''It really is one of my qualities, moving into different areas of the field, picking up opponents as well as helping to attack.''' ,'''I've had the opportunity to play with Neymar on the national team. Now I'm playing alongside Messi. He's a different player, but he's the best player in the world.''' ,'''I wouldn't say it was a relief to leave Spurs but it was clear I had to. It was a difficult time.''' ,'''I will always have a very special feeling towards Chinese fans.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I used to love playing football so much that I genuinely wouldn't be able to fall asleep at night.''' ,'''Whatever the circumstances, playing alongside the best in the world is something I can tell my kids about.''' ,'''At the end of the day, money's never the most important thing.''' ,'''For a footballer, not playing is like a fish not being in the water.''' ,'''If I had left football I would not have had anything.''' ,'''It's a gift to be offered the opportunity to play the World Cup.''' ,'''You are told before coming to Europe that big teams here quite often rotate players. I respect this culture but it is instinctive for me to get annoyed if I don't play every game.''' ,'''In England, I have acquired more tactical knowledge and improved the speed of my decision making.''' ,'''I'm happy to be scoring important goals in the national team and here in Guangzhou, too.''' ,'''Ever since I was five years old, running around the streets of Zona Norte with a football, my mother has been by my side in every situation.''' ,'''It is the dream of every player. Imagine winning the World Cup in your own country. It would be the happiest day of my career.''' ,'''I did not have to prove anything to people who doubted me, just to my team-mates and to Barcelona. The best thing is to do it on the field, with victories, with goals. But more than the goals is winning matches.''' ,'''One minute I was with Tottenham, the next came a proposal from China. I took a step back to think about it and decided it was the right time to move.''' ,'''We are not going to compare one player to another but my way of playing is a lot more Lampard than Busquets.''' ,'''I consider myself privileged to play alongside the best in the world.''' ,'''I am very good friends with Oscar and David Luiz, and Ramires at Chelsea is another one I see.''' ,'''For the clubs that I've played for I always tried to fulfill my contract.''' ,'''Gareth Bale is such a great player. I had watched him before on telly and you could see how special he is.''' ,'''When I left Tottenham for China i knew I would be further away but my main objective was to play because I wasn't playing and I decided to move on.''' ,'''When you change teams, cities or countries it's obvious there's a period of adaption, but some players can adapt quicker than others.''' ,'''Never mind where you are, you have to fight until the end. It's important you never give up.''' ,'''I have always been very calm and with all the triumphs I have had I have always been sure to thank my colleagues and take things in a humble way. It is only because of this humility that I have achieved so much.''' ,'''I know Barca have their own style and DNA but I think I can play here.''' ,'''I'm certain I can fit in at Barca and prove that all the effort they made to get me here was worth it.''' ,'''Tite gives me absolute freedom to do what I have always done throughout my career.''' ,'''At Corinthians, I had the pleasure to play with Ronaldo who also taught me a lot.''' ,'''Messi has helped me a lot.''' ,'''In my second season at Tottenham, things didn't go as I wanted but I accepted the offer from Chinese football and there I recovered my confidence and I won titles.''' ,'''I left Brazil at 17 years old in order to give my family a better life, but when I returned home two years later, I was completely disillusioned with football.''' ,'''I have to play. Doesn't matter where.''' ,'''I am a player who helps in defence but I have played in a more attacking position during my career and I like to be close the opposition area.''' ,'''I feel I am ready to experience football at the highest level in Europe and the opportunity to play in England is a dream.''' ,'''Coutinho is a great player, he will help Barcelona to reach their goals.''' ,'''Football without challenges isn't football.''' ,'''I don't play for the critics, I play for my team-mates.''' ,'''Money for me never came first.''' ,'''I had criticism in different clubs I played for. When i played in Corinthians, Tottenham and Barcelona there was some criticism but I always did my work, trying to do my best.''' ,'''Players always wants to play.''' ,'''I had a good first season at Tottenham, but in the second there wasn't a sequence of games. So when I didn't feel happy, I waited for the season to end and then asked the president to let me go to try another challenge.''' ,'''What I always say is when I am at a club I am enjoying what that club has to offer.''' ,'''I want to take advantage of every year I have at Barcelona. I don't see any other place where I'd be better off.''' ,'''You have to face challenges with courage.''' ,'''I am very grateful for how I have been welcomed at Barcelona.''' ,'''I hope to build a beautiful story here with Spurs like I did with Corinthians.''' ,'''When I went from Tottenham to China a lot of people said that was it, my career was over. I had a couple of other offers at the time but they were both loans and I would have had to go back at the end. I just wanted to play.''' ,'''When I was 19 years old, I quit football completely. For about a month, I stayed at home in a depression. This was in the summer of 2008.''' ,'''You can lose a game by two or three and say: 'Oh we made this mistake, we made that mistake, we lost.' But if you lose 7-1 what can you say?''' ,'''You have to go to sleep at night staring at the wall, thinking, 'Damn, I can't wait for it to be morning so I can have the ball at my feet again!' You can only play your best football in these conditions.''' ,'''When the transfer window opens, every player can leave his club and find another challenge.''' ,'''If you are not playing in your position in a league as competitive as England then it is difficult.''' ,'''I am very happy that a great club like Barcelona is interested in me, as that is priceless.''' ,'''In football you just never know what's next.''' ,'''Matches are decided by details and you have to be ready to create spaces and help open up defences. It is what I have to do.''' ,'''Playing alongside Messi is special for me. He's a player I always wanted to play with. I have played against him with Brazil, but to play alongside him is a privilege.''' ,'''My first steps in football came thanks to my big brother who taught me the game.''' ,'''In a year with him I played in my position two or three times and I played well. But that's not to say that I had a problem with Pochettino. It was his decision.''' ,'''In 2011, when I was in Corinthians, I received an offer from Russia that offered me to win 10 times more than in Brazil and I answered: 'What I can do with five, I can do with two.'''' ,'''People always talk and always will - 'He's good now because he's at Barca,' 'He was only good then because he was in China,' blah, blah, blah. When I was at Bragantino and I went to Corinthians it was the same; it was the same at Tottenham and in China. I've had that since the beginning.''' ,'''I just try to enjoy the opportunities that come my way.''' ,'''If we can't handle pressure, we don't play football.''' ,'''My life's been a rollercoaster.''' ,'''Football is a game where you have to do a bit of everything if you want your team to have the edge.''' ,'''I promise hard work and I will do everything to help my team mates.''' ,'''I'm not a hypocrite and I'm a transparent person.''' ,'''As a player, I just focus on the games and concentrate on improving myself.''' ,'''I've heard it said that I'm silencing the critics so many times but it's not that: I don't have to prove myself to anyone.''' ,'''Lampard is a great player, not only for Chelsea, but in world football.''' ,'''I've played football my entire life, all over the world, and the one thing I've learned is that the important thing is to enjoy your work.''' ,'''I suffered racial abuse in Lithuania, and in two games the fans were making monkey noises and throwing coins at me.''' ,'''When I came to Barca, I know some people doubted me. They weren't totally convinced. But, and I've said this before, that never really bothers me.''' ,'''I was getting ready to take a free-kick in a game between Brazil and Argentina. Suddenly, I saw Messi behind me getting closer bit by bit, and he says 'are we going to Barcelona or not?' I said, 'if you want to bring me there, you can. I'll go.'''' ,'''If you look at my career it has always been about overcoming difficulties in different places.''' ,'''I have been told you don't have time to think too much when you get the ball in England. In practice it looks even more dynamic than on TV.''' ,'''A good financial proposal doesn't mean you'll get to do a lot of things. There are times when you have to think about your career.''' ,'''As for Iniesta, he does things in training and in games that I've never seen before. He is an example to follow. You think he might touch the ball four times and yet he only makes one touch. He's unpredictable.''' ,'''Football can change very fast.''' ,'''When someone is playing alongside the best player in the world, you just have to do what you need to do to make him the best and ensure that the ball gets to him as quickly and as often as possible.''' ,'''Fans who showed me a lot of affection during my three years at Corinthians continue to follow me.''' ,'''If we need to play ugly to win a match, we are going to do that.''' ,'''It is special to play alongside the best footballer in the world.''' ,'''Here in the Premier League you need to be very quick mentally. Spaces are shorter and the game is much more tactical and tight.''' ,'''In Lithuania they had racially abused me, in Poland they hadn't paid me, and I thought: 'I don't need this.' I said to my family: 'I'm not playing football again.'''' ,'''The only way I can show the doubters is on the field. Not for them, but for my team-mates, who are with me every day. We work to get good results.''' ,'''Barca are Barca and I don't think you can say no to them. To play here is to realise a dream.''' ,'''It's a great pleasure to be linked to such a great club like Tottenham.''' ,'''A lot of people felt it was difficult for me to come to Barca because I was playing in China. Nevertheless, I have achieved my dream and I am enjoying each day.''' ,'''I've always looked at what Lampard does, and to me is a huge phenomenon - the way he hits the ball, what positions he takes up - he really is incredible.''' ,'''I had no problem with Pochettino.''' ,'''I have always fought to play for great clubs and to play for the Brazilian national team.''' ,'''A player can make money at any team he goes to. The important thing for me is to be happy with the decision that I am making.''' ,'''Football without critics wouldn't be football.''' ,'''My first game with Pochettino I played in my position. But after that I played in every single position but mine.''' ,'''I have been playing since I was five and it is a large part of my life.''' ,'''At Tottenham, I enjoyed the first year but the second was tough.''' ,'''I never take free kicks because it's not my job.''' ,]
+++