+++
author = "Arlen Specter"
title = "Arlen Specter Quotes"
quotes_len = "84"
description = "the best 84 Arlen Specter Quotes"
+++
- I really do not make deals.
- The American people do not care which Party solves the problems confronting our nation.
- When the students are occupied, they're not juvenile delinquents. I believe that education is a capital investment.
- American credibility in the war on terrorism depends on a strong stand against all terrorist acts, whether committed by foe or friend.
- I've made a career of being precise.
- I am opposed to anybody making a decision for you or me or anybody else about what health care plan we should have.
- People in government and public life are being kicked around at a high rate of speed.
- Cannibals are devouring senators.
- Whatever my party affiliation, I will continue to be guided by President Kennedy's statement that sometimes party asks too much.
- It is with unwelcome frequency that I find myself the deciding vote.
- I've been playing squash almost daily for 38 years.
- My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man, a great role model.
- If enough people would come out the right wing, the extremists couldn't dominate.
- In our social contract, we have provisions that see to it that you take care of people who need some help.
- I'm ordinarily pretty correct in what I say.
- It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
- As a matter of traditional and sound constitutional doctrine, an amendment to the Constitution should be the last resort when all other measures have proved inadequate.
- As the Republican Party has moved farther and farther to the right, I have found myself increasingly at odds with the Republican philosophy and more in line with the philosophy of the Democratic Party.
- I do come from a strong family.
- Effective security measures do not come cheap.
- When Pat Robertson says there is no constitutional doctrine of separation of church and state, I say he is wrong.
- 'Never give in' was my mindset.
- It costs about $27 million to win a seat in the United States Senate, so when you win one, you like to sit down.
- I just was not going to subject my record to the bleak prospects of a primary election.
- My mother, Lillie Specter, was an angel and totally uninterested in politics.
- The solicitor general is sometimes referred to as the 10th Supreme Court justice - a pretty important position.
- Beating the tea party gang is more important than who does the beating.
- Pennsylvania is a very tough state; people don't last long in Pennsylvania politics.
- Stability means respecting precedents.
- Well, I believe that when you are confirming a United States Supreme Court Justice, that it really isn't Democratic or Republican; it's American.
- We don't need holy wars. What we need is tolerance and brotherhood and simple humanity.
- It's been a great privilege to serve the people of Pennsylvania.
- Separation of power says the judiciary committee is supposed to confirm qualified judges and then what the Supreme Court does, that is their function, not my function.
- The essence of a democracy is a free electorate.
- The Supreme Court has a very light backlog. They leave a lot of splits among the circuits, a lot of uncertainty. And I think they ought to work a lot harder.
- I ran for president in 1996.
- There's a great public disinclination toward politicians.
- I do not represent the Republican Party.
- Fundraising is very, very time-consuming.
- The First Amendment freedom of religion is as important today as when the Bill of Rights was first written.
- If you are going to have to play defense all the time, you cannot have the kind of ingenuity, assertiveness, independence, and intelligence which is what has made our country strong.
- The extremists took over the primary process.
- I think it's scandalous that we haven't done more to cure cancer.
- The fundamental purpose of government is to protect its citizens.
- My definition of winning at squash is playing and surviving, and I've never lost a match.
- If we had pursued what President Nixon declared in 1970 as the war on cancer, we would have cured many strains. I think Jack Kemp would be alive today. And that research has saved or prolonged many lives, including mine.
- It so happens that I'm pro choice.
- There are conspiracies all over the Senate floor on any day!
- When I supported the stimulus package, I knew that it would not be popular with the Republican Party.
- Americans' addiction to sports, with the NFL at the top, is based on the excitement generated by the potential for the unexpected great play which can only happen with honest competition from great athletes.
- As I think through the issue of funding the rebuilding of Iraq, I think about the analogy of a bankruptcy proceeding. There is no doubt that Iraq as a country is bankrupt.
- I don't expect people to agree with all my votes.
- Lawyers advocate more so than state their own positions.
- I'm a loyal Democrat.
- The best way to reduce the cost of medical care is to reduce the illness.
- There is no higher value in our society than integrity.
- I beat a brain tumor.
- Voting is fundamental in our democracy. It has yielded enormous returns.
- Heart disease continues to be the number one killer; cancer, the number 2 killer, not far behind. The tragic aspect of these deadly diseases is that they could all be cured, I do believe, if we had sufficient funding.
- I think my independence was a big help to getting Judges Roberts and Alito confirmed, and I think that's recognized.
- I am very much opposed to abortion personally. But I don't think it is the government's rule.
- I knew people were going to see me see deteriorate before their eyes.
- I think if you can get people to laugh, you can get people to listen.
- There's nothing in the First Amendment that even remotely talks about spending money for political contests, and to say that an individual can spend as much of his or her own money as he or she wants constitutionally without any limitation, I think is just absurd.
- I must say I am not pleased to have to arrange the Senate schedule around the availability of Senators who are running for President.
- When I'm asked about legacy, I say it's too early to talk about legacy.
- We are not utilizing the Iraqi oil for U.S. purposes. We are not asking that the Iraqi oil be used to pay our military expenses. We are asking only that the Iraqi oil be used to rebuild Iraq - that is, to rebuild Iraq for the Iraqi people.
- I'm battling cancer. It's another battle I intend to win.
- There's nothing more important than our good health - that's our principal capital asset.
- I've been in a lot of elections.
- Look, the president can discharge all 93 U.S. attorneys for no reason at all, but not for a bad reason.
- My tenure in the Senate was really as an independent and whichever, regardless of party label.
- I have not taken a position on that nuclear option. My view is I'm not going to do anything until I come to that bridge. I'm not going to jump off the bridge until I come to it.
- If Romney wants to make me responsible for ObamaCare, I've said I would be proud to be responsible for it.
- It's a rarity when someone takes a political risk in Washington today in the public interest.
- African-Americans are underrepresented.
- But one way or another, judges perform a very vital function in our society. They have a risky job and they are entitled to security.
- Big money is ruining the political system.
- There is no doubt that our nation's security and defeating terrorism trump all other priorities.
- You know, a statesman is a dead politician.
- Strong advocacy for education, health care and worker safety will be indispensable if they are to get their fair share of President Bush's austere budget for the next fiscal year.
- When the 14th Amendment, equal protection clause was enacted, the galleries in the Senate were segregated. Now we have integration.
- I have been a Republican since 1966.
- I don't like labels. I think they conceal more than they reveal, sort of like a bikini.
