+++
author = "Jason O'Mara"
title = "Jason O'Mara Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Jason O'Mara Quotes"
keywords = "jason o'mara,jason o'mara quotes,jason o'mara quote,jason o'mara sayings,jason o'mara saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The future is kind of a bleak place.''' ,'''I'm attracted to things that are different than the average run-of-the-mill stuff.''' ,'''My wife makes the best chocolate chip pancakes, and my son and I are only too happy to stay home and eat them.''' ,'''I like to play very raw characters, characters who have a degree of vulnerability and passion about what they're doing.''' ,'''When I was 16, it was 1988, and my style was a mess. Fur-lined brown suede jacket, paisley shirt, chinos, and Doc Martens. My hair was blow dried into a large quiff. That might sound vaguely cool. It wasn't.''' ,'''Batman is like the audience's eyes and ears in 'Justice League Dark.'''' ,'''I sent some scenes from 'Life on Mars'... and then I didn't hear anything for about 48 hours, and I was sure that I wouldn't get this. Then I got a phone call saying, 'They want you to take the role of Jim Shannon on 'Terra Nova,' and would I be interested!''' ,'''I've been doing stuff for ABC for a long time, since 2004. I've had several deals with them. Like, 'Life on Mars,' that was a large event for me in my career.''' ,'''Being Irish, I grew up eating a Sunday roast.''' ,'''People tell you not to work with children and animals, and I chose to work with a 7-year-old and several dinosaurs!''' ,'''I like to keep my expectations low and my aspirations high in my career and my life. That way I'm pleasantly surprised more often than desperately disappointed.''' ,'''The Australian Outback can be quite unforgiving.''' ,'''It's really exhilarating and exciting to be able to meet your fan base and see them in person and see the lengths that they're willing to go to.''' ,'''A sense of humor saves your life, and being able to make friends wherever you go.''' ,'''I turned up my nose at yoga for years. I was a rugby player growing up. But now I know. When I'm on those long international flights, like 22 hours from L.A. to Sydney, I'll get up sometimes and do yoga in the aisle just to stretch out a little bit.''' ,'''I didn't care if it was 'Daredevil' or 'Captain America,' I was a fan of all of it. It was just a part of my growing up.''' ,'''I put on about 20 pounds to play Washington, and that was really enjoyable. That's probably the most fun I've had preparing for a role. There were only two weeks between 'Sons of Liberty' wrapping and 'Complications' starting, so I had, basically, two weeks to drop 20 pounds, and that was the opposite of fun.''' ,'''It's nice to have a kind of Batman that isn't the 'I work alone. I'm darkness. I am the night' kind of thing.''' ,'''I don't sing. If I could sing or dance, I would have done something really gross in a G-string by now - when I wasn't working and was desperate - and ruined my career.''' ,'''When I was on 'Terra Nova', I had an Australian iPhone and a U.S. iPhone, different time zones, just a couple differences in the machines, but I was able to keep the international aspect of things in order. But I lost my U.S. iPhone right before I left Australia. Somebody's got it somewhere out there. Send it back?''' ,'''Every guy needs a pair of beaten up Converse Chuck Taylors. The coolest sneakers in the world.''' ,'''I don't think Batman should spend a whole movie yapping, you know? He should choose his words carefully and speak low.''' ,'''Technically, the green screen acting can be difficult because there's something worse than a tennis ball on the end of a stick; it's an Australian visual effects assistant running around a field with a cardboard dinosaur head on the end of a stick while wearing sandals.''' ,'''I definitely read a lot of Marvel stuff when I was a kid.''' ,'''I've never thought of myself as just an actor.''' ,'''Genre stuff is really hard to pull off, as any fans of it know.''' ,'''I just watched the entire season of 'Louie' in one flight. What an amazing show.''' ,'''Sometimes the things that scare me are the things I'm drawn to: moving to London, L.A., New York; marrying, having a kid. In order to live a full life, sometimes you have to do things that scare you.''' ,'''I called my family, saying, 'Guess what? I got a new show. It's about a cop who travels in time.' And they said, 'I think we've seen that one.'''' ,'''The really good doctors out there are real-life heroes. Playing one on TV is a cheaper alternative and certainly satisfies what is left of my medical ambitions.''' ,'''I've spent three hours hanging upside down while fighting off dinosaur attacks. That was a lot of fun.''' ,'''It's kind of appropriate to me that Batman is still a part of the 'Justice League Dark' story. I think it would be strange if any of the other 'Justice League' characters were involved in putting together this kind of motley crew of dead people and mediums and ghosts and demons and phantoms.''' ,'''I became an American citizen three years ago, and if I'd been arrested, maybe that wouldn't have happened. That was a very proud moment, by the way. I still have my Irish passport, but becoming an American citizen was important in terms of my family.''' ,'''I think it's refreshing to have a character-driven 'Batman' story that isn't just about action and getting out of scrapes.''' ,'''It's always most interesting when Batman starts out as that lone Dark Knight and then is forced to have to interact with someone else, whether it's Dick Grayson or Damian Wayne or anybody else, and deal with their pesky personalities.''' ,'''That's the challenging thing with TV; it's not the action scenes per se, and it's not the location scenes and the heavy dialog scenes, but the fact that there is just no let-up; there is no break.''' ,]
+++