+++
author = "Judy Blume"
title = "Judy Blume Quotes"
quotes_len = "125"
description = "the best 125 Judy Blume Quotes"
keywords = "judy blume,judy blume quotes,judy blume quote,judy blume sayings,judy blume saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Let children read whatever they want and then talk about it with them. If parents and kids can talk together, we won't have as much censorship because we won't have as much fear.''' ,'''I don't want to repeat myself.''' ,'''My husband and I like to reminisce about how, when we were 9, we read straight through L. Frank Baum's 'Oz' series, books filled with wizards and witches. And you know what those subversive tales taught us? That we loved to read!''' ,'''Everything they say a girl should get from her father in terms of total acceptance and love, I got all that from my father. But then I married a man just like my mother - so phlegmatic.''' ,'''I'm thinking of sending out censorship packets: information to share with those who want to defend my books when they come under fire. I'll tell why I wrote them and include reviews and letters of support from children and their parents.''' ,'''I loved to read, and I think any child who loves to read will read anything, including the back of the cereal box, which I did every morning.''' ,'''I am a big defender of 'Harry Potter,' and I think any book that gets kids to read are books that we should cherish, we should be thankful for them.''' ,'''People need stories; they want stories. They always will.''' ,'''Nobody talks about housewives anymore! This is what we were supposed to do in the '50s. Not everybody, but in my milieu. My crowd. You went to college, and you got a degree in case, God forbid, you ever had to work. And you better find somebody to marry while you're there, because otherwise, what's going to become of you?''' ,'''I can't read fiction when I'm writing fiction, because I get intimidated if I read something really good.''' ,'''A novel is about people.''' ,'''In the early '70s - a very good time for children's books and their authors - editors and publishers were willing to take a chance on a new writer. They were willing and able to invest their time in nurturing writers with promise, encouraging them.''' ,'''What can happen if a young reader picks up a book he/she isn't yet ready for? Questions, maybe. Usually, that child puts down the book and says, 'Boring.' Or, 'I'm not ready for this.' Kids are really good at knowing what they can handle.''' ,'''I am not sure that the inner world of teenage girls has changed. What's most important to kids today is still the same stuff.''' ,'''I'm very good at setting goals and deadlines for myself, so I don't really need that from outside.''' ,'''When I was young, I loved a series of books by an author called Maud Hart Lovelace and the series, which is still around, I'm happy to say, is - they're the 'Betsy-Tacy' books.''' ,'''I'm very lucky in that my agent and my editors know better. They don't push me. Because I don't take that well.''' ,'''I was twenty-seven when I began to write seriously, and after two years of rejections, my first book, 'The One in the Middle is the Green Kangaroo,' was accepted for publication.''' ,'''I love to watch movies.''' ,'''The '50s were a secretive time.''' ,'''I always have trouble with titles for my books. I usually have no title until the editor has to present the book and calls me frantically, 'Judy, we need a title.'''' ,'''I wrote 'Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret' right out of my own experiences and my own feelings when I was in sixth grade.''' ,'''I don't do issue writing. I do character writing.''' ,'''I was so inspired by Beverly Cleary's funny and wonderful books.''' ,'''I still have such a thing for leather jackets. I have a closet full of them, and my husband is always saying to me, 'Why do you need another jacket? You have plenty of jackets.'''' ,'''Parents still have a big influence on their kids - just ask any therapist. No, really, I think the parent is the most important influence on children: It's how they learn to love and treat other people.''' ,'''You know what I worry about? I worry that kids today don't have enough time to just sit and daydream.''' ,'''I never thought I wanted to write about the '50s, because I thought it was the most boring and bland decade to grow up in, and I never wanted to go back there.''' ,'''I was always a storyteller. I just didn't know it. I never shared the stories I made up inside my head when I was growing up. I never wrote them down, either. But I can't remember a time when they weren't there.''' ,'''When I was young, my parents had a library in our living room. I was always free to browse and read.''' ,'''The best books come from someplace inside. You don't write because you want to, but because you have to.''' ,'''I used to love getting on planes. I loved the packing and going places. Now I don't because I've developed these really bad sinuses. I have to take a prednisone to fly, but it works, and I'm OK.''' ,'''We're supposed to be uncomfortable when we read something. That's how we learn.''' ,'''Anybody who says, 'My childhood was completely happy,' is a person who isn't remembering the truth.''' ,'''I wasn't that good at science, and I gave up on math long before I should have. I like to think if I were in school today that would be different.''' ,'''I was a fearful kid and, for some crazy reason, a pretty fearless writer.''' ,'''I hate first drafts, and it never gets easier. People always wonder what kind of superhero power they'd like to have. I wanted the ability for someone to just open up my brain and take out the entire first draft and lay it down in front of me so I can just focus on the second, third and fourth drafts.''' ,'''I'm an optimistic person, so I like to leave my readers with a sense of hopefulness.''' ,'''Telling kids the truth isn't always entirely possible, but talking to them is.''' ,'''Ideas seem to come from everywhere - my life, everything I see, hear, and read, and most of all, from my imagination. I have a lot of imagination.''' ,'''My father was the youngest of seven, and nobody lived to be 60. And so we were always sitting shiva in my house, and my father would say, 'Life goes on.'''' ,'''It embarrasses me to flaunt anything good written about me or my books. I don't know what we're supposed to do about that.''' ,'''The child from nine to 12 interests me very much. And so, those were the years that I like to write about, when I'm writing.''' ,'''I think divorce is a tragedy, traumatic and horribly painful for everybody. That's why I wrote 'Smart Women.' I want kids to read that and to think what life might be like for their parents. And I want parents to think about what life is like for their kids.''' ,'''You're supposed to be challenged in college.''' ,'''By the time I was 12, I was reading my parents' books because there weren't teenage books then.''' ,'''My mother told me once that she had her talk with God whenever she started a new sweater: 'Please don't take me in the middle of the sweater.' And as soon as she finished knitting a sweater, and it was blocked and put together, she already had the wool to start the next sweater so that nothing bad would happen.''' ,'''My father died when I was still in college, and it was sudden, and he was my beloved parent, and you just can't imagine what you life is going to be like.''' ,'''It's not just the books under fire now that worry me. It is the books that will never be written.''' ,'''After each book, I get panicky. I don't love the reviews. I don't like going through all that, and you would think that, after almost 40 years of writing, I'd have got the hang of it.''' ,'''I am very sentimental, very emotional, but never in my writing; I am very tough.''' ,'''My husband is a feminist!''' ,'''When I was first writing, my little prayers were, 'Please, please, please. Let something be published someday.' Then it went to, 'Please, please, please. Let somebody read this.'''' ,'''When I was growing up, I dreamed about becoming a cowgirl, a detective, a spy, a great actress, or a ballerina. Not a dentist, like my father, or a homemaker, like my mother - and certainly not a writer, although I always loved to read.''' ,'''When I was growing up in the 1950s, sweaters were a huge thing.''' ,'''When I'm writing, I'm never trying to teach anything - maybe I'm trying to illuminate.''' ,'''A good writer is always a people watcher.''' ,'''I do quite a bit of traveling. But sometimes I just want to stay at home!''' ,'''The women's movement was slow in coming to suburban New Jersey.''' ,'''I was wildly interested in puberty as a child.''' ,'''I meet people on the street or at book signings and they tend to treat me as if they know me, as if we're connected. It's great.''' ,'''I never thought about writing. I was married young, I was still in college, as we did then, and I had two babies before I was 25, and I loved them, and I loved taking care of them, but I was a little bit cuckoo, staying at home and not having a creative outlet.''' ,'''I've never been one to let others decide what's right for me or my children.''' ,'''I don't think I could set a book in a place without knowing it really well.''' ,'''We can have our beliefs and still read and discuss things.''' ,'''Nobody ever asks me why my characters don't text each other. Besides, as soon as you put something 'electronic' in a book, it's already out of date by the time it's published: everything will have changed. Human emotion, on the other hand, will never change.''' ,'''When I lock myself up to write, I cannot allow myself to think about the censor or the reviewer or anyone but my characters and their story!''' ,'''When I began to write and used a typewriter, I went through three drafts of a book before showing it to an editor.''' ,'''I'm never doing a long novel again, truly.''' ,'''Life goes on if you're one of the lucky ones.''' ,'''I don't have anything new to say about teenagers.''' ,'''If those of us who care about making our own decisions about what to read and what to think don't take a stand, others will decide for us.''' ,'''I loved 'Moneyball,' I thought that was a great Hollywood movie. I like baseball, but I don't know that you have to like baseball to like that. I thought it was really well done.''' ,'''The list of gifted teachers and librarians who find their jobs in jeopardy for defending their students' right to read, to imagine, to question, grows every year.''' ,'''You should always go through the first draft of a book all at once, I think, to get the best results. You can take time off after the first draft and come back to it fresh.''' ,'''I believe that 'The Artist' is the kind of movie you see and you don't forget. I know it's going to stay with me.''' ,'''I can't relate to people who treat me as a 'famous person.' I only like to hang around with people who treat me as a regular person because that's what I am. All people are really just regular.''' ,'''I don't think people change; electronics change, the things we have change, but the way we live doesn't change.''' ,'''As a child who loved to read, I had trouble finding honest stories. I felt that adults were always keeping secrets from me, even in the books I was reading.''' ,'''I'm an e-mail junkie though I'm trying to read my in-box only twice a day and to answer all at once.''' ,'''Here's the thing: If you don't want your kids to read a book, fine. You can tell them not to read a book, and maybe they will and maybe they won't. But you can't say what other kids can read.''' ,'''It's all about your determination, I think, as much as anything. There are a lot of people with talent, but it's that determination.''' ,'''I'm an Obama chick.''' ,'''I discovered the National Coalition Against Censorship when I felt totally alone in my fight to protect intellectual freedom, and that group changed my life. I was no longer alone.''' ,'''I don't think it's realistic to say kids shouldn't watch any TV. I just wish the shows would be better. And that kids would watch less. Get out there and do things, kids! Don't become couch potatoes!''' ,'''In sixth grade, I made up books to give book reports on.''' ,'''Madeleine L'Engle's 'A Wrinkle in Time' has been targeted by censors for promoting New Ageism, and Mark Twain's 'Adventures of Huckleberry Finn' for promoting racism. Gee, where does that leave the kids?''' ,'''When I'm writing a book, you can't think about your audience. You're going to be in big trouble if you think about it. You're got to write from deep inside.''' ,'''I dread first drafts! I worry each day that it won't come, that nothing will happen.''' ,'''The creative process; I enjoy thinking up the stories and situations for my books.''' ,'''I'm not the world's best mother, though kids always assume I must be.''' ,'''The protests against Harry Potter follow a tradition that has been growing since the early 1980s and often leaves school principals trembling with fear that is then passed down to teachers and librarians.''' ,'''I wish I could prevent my kids from making all the mistakes I've made. But I can't do that. No parent can.''' ,'''I wanted to write what I remembered to be true.''' ,'''I think the child I was until 12 was so much more interesting than the teenager I became.''' ,'''I'm not good at keeping secrets.''' ,'''My characters live inside my head for a long time before I actually start a book about them. Then, they become so real to me I talk about them at the dinner table as if they are real. Some people consider this weird. But my family understands.''' ,'''Anyone who thinks my life is cupcakes is all wrong.''' ,'''I don't deal with writer's block, I don't allow myself to believe that there is such a thing. I think that there are good days and a lot more less good days.''' ,'''In 1970, somebody once asked me whether I thought my books would still be around in 40 years, and I thought, 'How would I know, and why would I care?' Well, it turns out I really do care.''' ,'''I'm phobic about thunderstorms.''' ,'''I'm really quite bad at coming up with plot ideas. I like to create characters and just see what will happen to them when I let them loose!''' ,'''I can't see an autobiography in my future. But who knows what might happen.''' ,'''I know it's working when I'm writing a book if I'm laughing or crying.''' ,'''I have the most loyal readers in the world.''' ,'''I'll always be grateful for 'Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret.' It brought me many, many, readers.''' ,'''Everybody wants to share life and be in love and be loved.''' ,'''The books that will never be read. And all due to the fear of censorship. As always, young readers will be the real losers.''' ,'''Many of my books are set in New Jersey because that's where I was born and raised. I lived there until my kids finished elementary school. Then we moved to New Mexico, the setting for 'Tiger Eyes.'''' ,'''My mother's mantra was, 'How would it look to the neighbors?' And so you don't do anything because you're worried about how it would look to the neighbors.''' ,'''When I see kids standing next to their mothers at book signings, clutching a copy of 'Forever,' I know what's coming. They'll say to me, 'How old do I have to be to read this?' hoping I'll give them permission. But I can't do that.''' ,'''I think people who write for kids, we have that ability to go back into our own lives.''' ,'''I used to read about people who'd say, 'I dream my books, and then I write them down.' And I was like, 'Oh, please.'''' ,'''I am such a rewriter; I have so many notebooks filled with drafts you wouldn't believe.''' ,'''Fear is contagious, and those who wish America to become a faith-based society are doing their best to spread it.''' ,'''When a parent comes into school waving a book and saying, 'Take this book away. I don't like this book.' I won't say in all cases, but in many cases, that will not happen anymore. It has to go through a proper review board. The complaining parent will have to fill out a complaint, you know, put it in writing.''' ,'''If only there was a vaccine to protect against breast cancer, we'd be lining up - wouldn't we?''' ,'''When I started to write, it was the '70s, and throughout that decade, we didn't have any problems with book challenges or censorship.''' ,'''It's good to have fantasies and creative fantasies, especially.''' ,'''I wish I'd gone to a small liberal-arts college where I'd have read the great books instead of a large university where I majored in early-childhood education.''' ,'''At the time I wrote 'Forever,' I had a 14-year-old daughter, and she was reading a lot of books about young love.''' ,'''I have a great T-shirt that I received at the New Jersey Hall of Fame when I was inducted. It says - it makes me choke up - it says, 'I'm a Jersey tomato'... I am. I am a Jersey girl and proud of it.''' ,'''I didn't know anything about writers. It never occurred to me they were regular people and that I could grow up to become one, even though I loved to make up stories inside my head.''' ,'''What I remember when I started to write was how I couldn't wait to get up in the morning to get to my characters.''' ,'''My kids both had acne, and I never saw a book dealing with the subject.''' ,]
+++