+++
author = "Danny Ings"
title = "Danny Ings Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Danny Ings Quotes"
keywords = "danny ings,danny ings quotes,danny ings quote,danny ings sayings,danny ings saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You don't want to have a good couple of years, come through the Championship, have a good first year in the Premier League and then not play in the Premier League for another year or so because that is a backward step.''' ,'''When I came up with Burnley, I had my mind set that I've got a job to do in helping to keep Burnley up.''' ,'''My preferred position has always been striker and I think I managed to show what I could do.''' ,'''If you are in the spotlight, you have to get used to it.''' ,'''When you are at a club like Liverpool, it is not a club that you want to walk away from.''' ,'''When you're doing well, a lot of people will recognise it, and when you're not doing well it's the same. It is about how you deal with it and control your mentality.''' ,'''Every football player has their own journey and unfortunately my injuries were out of my hands. There wasn't much I could have done about that except rehab to the best of my ability which I did.''' ,'''Making my England debut was a massive achievement.''' ,'''To work with Brendan Rodgers and the players at Liverpool is an unbelievable dream come true for me, really.''' ,'''I've had injuries in the past and I've always said that we earn our money when we're injured, because it's the hardest time. Playing football is the easy part because you're enjoying it.''' ,'''I'm absolutely enjoying the Premier League, as you can imagine. I knew it was going to be tough. It's the best league in the world and you are up against players who have been in it for years so they know it inside out.''' ,'''Being outside on the grass is the easy, enjoyable part of being a footballer.''' ,'''That's all you can ask for, to learn and be the best you can be.''' ,'''When you are injured you have to keep a positive mindset and keep moving forward.''' ,'''You see a player come through from nowhere every now and again and getting a top club. It shows there are players out there.''' ,'''I want to look back at the end of my career having numerous caps under my belt. That is one of my aims.''' ,'''You need young, hungry, developing players in your team, but you also need that experience to level things out and get hold of some of the youngsters when they need advice in certain areas of the pitch.''' ,'''I want to give 100 per cent every day whether it's training, a cup final or a friendly.''' ,'''I'm just working every day to improve.''' ,'''As long as we're winning, I'm happy.''' ,'''That is how I have been at any level, whether it was semi-pro at Dorchester Town or at Liverpool. I set myself targets. The mentality doesn't change.''' ,'''I had been released by Southampton and was back playing Sunday League football when I signed for Bournemouth. I grew to love the club.''' ,'''Everyone knows Jose Mourinho is a fantastic manager.''' ,'''A club like Liverpool should always expect to be in finals.''' ,'''For me there's nothing better than having more football.''' ,'''All I have ever known is football.''' ,'''I always try and be positive, even if I'm not starting games or in the frame.''' ,'''I had to turn off my Twitter notifications for a while as I got a small minority of people sending me some abusive tweets.''' ,'''Any injury I have had, I have come back stronger.''' ,'''Luckily I've got family and friends to keep me grounded because there are a lot of negative people around who can suck the energy out of you.''' ,'''There were no toys or games when I was younger, just a football.''' ,'''As I said, the biggest competition is myself and it will always be.''' ,'''I don't want to limit myself on what I can achieve.''' ,'''I was quite small as a lad compared to everyone else so I didn't stand a chance at Southampton. They told me one day that they weren't interested so I moved on. I just went away and enjoyed my football.''' ,'''I don't want anybody to feel sorry for me.''' ,'''When I was younger I started dancing. I picked it up off a couple of mates who were body-popping.''' ,'''I appreciate it when supporters throw themselves behind the team, and I'm sure for them, they appreciate it when they see a player who is going to give everything he can of himself for the club.''' ,'''I don't want to be a guy that has got one cap.''' ,'''I still believe in myself.''' ,'''I wanted to go somewhere I could be an important player. Be the player the whole city looks up to.''' ,'''I base my game on work-rate and determination, that's what has helped me work up the leagues in previous years.''' ,'''I learned a lot under Jurgen Klopp, even when I wasn't playing I was training with the lads every day and my game was still developing. I understood every decision he made and as a player you have got to respect that.''' ,'''I like to think I would adapt to the way that any manager who came in would want to play.''' ,'''I couldn't change the fact that I did my ACL, but I could control how I reacted to it. That's what I focused on, becoming stronger mentally and physically.''' ,'''I like to give the fans what they expect to see from someone representing their club.''' ,'''I will always back myself to achieve what I can achieve. It is all down to me.''' ,'''You cannot have players come on and not make the impact because the game will slowly slip away from you. It is important you are ready.''' ,'''I can play in a number of positions, on the left, as a No 10, or off the right.''' ,'''I want to start every game but you have to respect the staff.''' ,'''As modern-day professionals it all comes down to how you perform on the pitch.''' ,'''No one turns up at Turf Moor thinking we are a soft touch.''' ,'''No matter what contract anyone is on it is important you are playing football. It is a short career and you have to earn a living but at the same time playing football is the best way to get better contracts anyway.''' ,'''Dorchester was probably the most important spell. I got kicked around a lot. I was young and it helped me mature as a man and a footballer.''' ,'''I've missed a lot of football.''' ,'''Football is not just a game, it means the world to me and I'm so thankful of what it has given to me and my family, so every opportunity I get, I want to give my all in return.''' ,'''Everywhere I have been, I have always found a way to make it happen.''' ,'''My experience at Bournemouth made me who I am today.''' ,'''As soon as I knew Liverpool were interested in me, I knew I wanted to come here. It was everything about the club, the history and these players.''' ,'''For me, it's not about price tags. It's about your individual qualities, how hard you work and it's important to make full use of the opportunities when they come.''' ,'''A lot of people have been rejected and they just give up. I have never had that mentality.''' ,'''Burnley Football Club helped me mature from a boy to a man and I can't thank them everyone from the club enough, from the board to the staff at the training ground and the staff at the club.''' ,'''Injuries are horrible for every player.''' ,]
+++