+++
author = "Jasmin Bhasin"
title = "Jasmin Bhasin Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jasmin Bhasin Quotes"
keywords = "jasmin bhasin,jasmin bhasin quotes,jasmin bhasin quote,jasmin bhasin sayings,jasmin bhasin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think everyone must practice yoga, especially during this time of COVID-19 pandemic to decrease stress and anxiety. It not only helps our physical health but also helps in maintaining a good mental health.''' ,'''I am not a very rough and tough kind of a girl, rather a little sensitive. I believe in unicorns, dreams and dolls.''' ,'''I am not someone who will hide my relationship.''' ,'''I personally feel that whenever I have stepped out of my comfort zone, I have only grown in life.''' ,'''I believe that there is a simple demand and supply rule that works on television. While many are hooked on web series, some enjoy non-fiction. Similarly, there are people who love watching supernatural genre.''' ,'''I never overthink or overanalyze anything.''' ,'''I love talking to people; the more I talk, the more gossip I can cull.''' ,'''When Mouni Roy became Naagin' or even Adaa Khan, Surbhi Jyoti, everybody did it differently, so I want to do it my way as well.''' ,'''My problem is I cannot be manipulative and diplomatic. And to survive on a show like BB,' you have to be very smart. I cannot put so much pressure on my mind. It will be a mental pressure on me.''' ,'''Trolls have never bothered me. I am someone who looks at it and laughs.''' ,'''No one is supposed to know about my personal life because that is supposed to be kept private.''' ,'''As an actor, my job is to go to the set, read my scene and perform to the best of my abilities.''' ,'''When I am linked with close friends, it affects my friendship with them, and that's upsetting.''' ,'''Only when you feel good about yourself will others look up to you.''' ,'''When you're in your late teens, your hormones work overtime. You fall in love without thinking about the consequences.''' ,'''Social distancing won't end with the COVID-19 crisis but will stay with us and will become part of life.''' ,'''At the end of the day, when you go to bed, you should be content and happy.''' ,'''Juggling too many things can disturb the balance and throw your personal or professional life off track.''' ,'''A pet can be a girl's best friend.''' ,'''While people loved me in Tashan-E-Ishq,' there were some who felt that since I am a Punjabi, I managed to get it right. The actor in me was really offended. So I took up Dil Se Dil Tak,' as I had to play a Gujarati girl in it.''' ,'''You can pair me up with anybody but that's not a nice thing to do. I should also be comfortable to make male friends.''' ,'''When love happens I won't shy away from sharing.''' ,'''There is a fine line between sensuousness and vulgarity. I will not cross that line.''' ,'''I think rather than being unhappy with somebody, being alone and happy is better.''' ,'''Honestly, it's a sad truth, but whenever a show is about to go off air, you start getting hints because the work environment and quality changes.''' ,'''Breathing techniques in yoga help me keep my mind cool and stable.''' ,'''The thought that came to my mind when I was called for Naagin' was, Oh my god!' The next one was, I have to become thin now to look like a nice, hot naagin.' I was like, Jasmin now you have to stop eating butter chicken and pizzas!'''' ,'''When you play a daily soap character that character lives with you for a really long time.''' ,'''I believe each character you do, you should add your touch and uniqueness to it.''' ,'''I am eating healthy and I am trying to work out so that I look the best.''' ,'''I believe your career is one of the few things that stay with you forever. It also gives you the confidence to lead a happy life.''' ,'''I believe the first role you play helps you make a mark.''' ,'''I have been quite lucky as an actor to have managed to play different kinds of roles.''' ,''''Bigg Boss' is a show where you create a new fan following.''' ,'''I am quite an easy going person so I get along with my co-actors quite easily.''' ,'''Jaipur is my mother's hometown. So, every summer vacation, we would come to Jaipur and spend the entire holiday at my nani's house.''' ,'''I am not insecure or conscious that my image might get hampered. I don't think one should think the image will get spoilt due to Bigg Boss.'''' ,'''Even if you see me fighting, don't assume I am a bad person.''' ,'''I have been to Golden Temple couple of times now. I feel calm and at peace when I am there. It's a very special place for me because I have a lot of childhood memories with my family there.''' ,'''I think it is really important for all of us to take breaks because we get so bored with our daily monotonous lives. I feel we become robotic so it is important to break that vicious circle in which we get caught.''' ,'''After seeing some of my emotional scenes, I end up thinking I could've done it better.''' ,'''Through prayers I get the strength to face all the difficulties.''' ,'''Jaipur plays an important role in my journey of becoming an actress. It all began in this city. One day, someone spotted me in the city and asked me to come for a photoshoot.''' ,'''At the end of the day, television is an entertainment platform and we are here to entertain the masses.''' ,'''I feel it's very important for an actor to believe in the character that he/she is playing and do full justice to it in order to convince others that you are the character you are portraying.''' ,'''One is never done growing as an artiste. So, it's important to find roles that challenge me and make me learn new things.''' ,'''I am born and brought up in Kota, Rajasthan.''' ,'''I remember when I was shooting for my debut show Tashan-e-Ishq,' the first season of Naagin' had just started airing and I used to be so fascinated by the characters. It feels good to be a part of such a prominent franchise on TV.''' ,'''I will never stoop low to do certain things on camera.''' ,'''Can't a boy and a girl be friends? Can't I go out on holidays with my friends? Like everyone else I also enjoy spending time with my friends.''' ,'''I started television in 2015.''' ,'''Reality shows help us create a balance between our real and reel side.''' ,'''I don't think I will ever take up supernatural or thriller shows as I do not relate to them.''' ,'''Just like my onscreen character Twinkle, I'm extremely scared of rats.''' ,'''People complain about not having a social life and always working. But I enjoy working.''' ,'''Over the years, I have realized that you have to feel good about your flaws or else the world will make you feel worse.''' ,'''Love can happen any moment, anywhere, but I am also a person who believes more in friendship than love, relationships, and affairs.''' ,'''It is important to take short breaks for the best use of your creative talents.''' ,'''I am lucky to have got the character of Twinkle to make my debut. I not only learnt so much playing the role, but it also gave me popularity.''' ,'''Being a true foodie, I love visiting new food joints as well as treating my taste buds to pyaaz ki kachori and ghewar.''' ,'''I am not someone who will pick just any role in order to work. I want to attempt different characters.''' ,'''Acting was never planned. I happened to do an ad that was hugely publicized. After that, I got an offer for a South Indian movie and I thought this is destiny calling.''' ,'''I did my graduation in hospitality in Jaipur. When I was working, I started getting offers in modeling and did a few South films.''' ,'''My fear is that if I date or marry an actor, we would end up talking about the same issues and we will deal with the same insecurities and apprehensions.''' ,'''If I will do a movie in the future, I will take it up only when I'm 100 percent sure about it.''' ,'''Unfortunately, people always tend to think that girls are weak when it comes to physical tasks. The pressure is there to prove them wrong.''' ,'''My all-time favorite is Shaktimaan,' and a supernatural show that I really like has to be Naagin.'''' ,'''Some people might find me overdramatic, but those close to me know that's how I am.''' ,'''Honestly, I have got some movie offers. But, TV has given me a sense of stability.''' ,'''I love and adore Salman Khan. Every year I see him on Bigg Boss' and I just freeze. I'm head over heels with his eyes and smile. He is a very charming personality.''' ,'''I share my bestest bond with Mia, my dog. The way she looks into my eyes makes me feel so special.''' ,'''People have always complimented me for being cheerful and happy.''' ,'''I am a woman of substance and there's a lot inside me. I have had my own struggles and my journey.''' ,'''When I am doing a fictional show, I become someone else. Reality shows keep you close to who you really are.''' ,'''As far as controversies are concerned, as an actor for the first time when there was something written about me I was affected. But then I decided that this is part of my profession.''' ,'''From childhood, I grew up with a lot of apprehensions about my body and appearance. I was skinny, had acne on my face and suffered from an inferiority complex; I thought I was the ugly duckling in my school and college.''' ,'''Being an actor, I have no issues with a character being negative or positive as long as the role is substantial and meaty.''' ,'''I love to watch Sarabhai Vs Sarabhai.' The comic timing of the actors is amazing. It makes me laugh endlessly sitting on my sofa.''' ,'''I am always looking for projects that make me step out of my comfort zone and do something different.''' ,'''The biggest reason for me to take up Naagin 4' was that I have never attempted something like this.''' ,'''I have been a Salman Khan fan since childhood and I have grown up watching his films.''' ,'''In a time when supernatural dramas are taking charge, Dil Toh Happy Hai Ji' is a slice-of-life story. I have grown up watching such shows and I am sure the audience will love it too.''' ,'''I do yoga and a little bit of cardio to keep myself fit because it's very important for me to feel healthy from the inside.''' ,'''I am not a swimmer so a bit of phobia is always there with water stunts.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an actor and my parents were happy with my decision. But that happened later. They were apprehensive initially because I have an MBA degree and I used to work for American Express' marketing team.''' ,'''My pets Mia and Rambo. They are my family, and every day when I go back home after work, they are there waiting for me. They are so full of love, and an essential part of my life.''' ,''''Bigg Boss' is one reality show which is a completely different format and pulls you out of your comfort zone.''' ,'''I have a major phobia of height and water.''' ,'''As actors we are often seen well-dressed and well-behaved in the public eye but we are humans at the end of the day. Like anyone else we also get angry, upset, frustrated, get mood swings. We are loving, caring too.''' ,'''I think yoga gives me awareness not just about my body from the outside but also about my internal organs. I feel it's very important because it teaches you self-realization of your body.''' ,'''I have grown up in a small city where watching TV is a ritual and Balaji has defined TV in so many ways.''' ,'''Post-lockdown period, not just shoots, I think the world is going to change in many ways. In shootings, maybe Covid-19 test results will be mandatory, social distancing will be the norm, as will controlling manpower.''' ,'''I will not try to escape fights if someone tries to poke or trigger me.''' ,'''I must have worked with over 100 actors, but I think there are four to five names I count on my fingers and say they are my friends.''' ,'''When I was a model, I met someone. I don't want to name the person. But things did not go well. I was new and could not understand what was happening. But I have learnt my lesson. I will not date any actor for sure.''' ,'''Whether it is fame, love or respect, the Telly world has given me everything that I craved for.''' ,'''Twinkle's role has made me so popular that wherever I go, people instantly call me Twinkle. I believe, for an actor, this is certainly a big achievement.''' ,'''My nana ji has a shop in Bapu Bazaar. Every summer, after my final exams, my mother would pack me off to my grandparents' home in Jaipur where we would visit nana ji's shop and I would roam around the market, holding his finger, wearing those cute Jaipuri lehengas.''' ,'''I can wash utensils, chop vegetables and can fold beds. I don't think I can do anything beyond it. In fact, cleaning toilet pots is my biggest nightmare.''' ,'''I took up Naagin 4' because it's been a number one show. So, I guess it was a big opportunity for me to be part of it and that's why I took it.''' ,]
+++