+++
author = "Wojciech Szczesny"
title = "Wojciech Szczesny Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Wojciech Szczesny Quotes"
keywords = "wojciech szczesny,wojciech szczesny quotes,wojciech szczesny quote,wojciech szczesny sayings,wojciech szczesny saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me, Old Trafford is a stadium where you like to play and win.''' ,'''When I came to Arsenal, I was on a scholarship earning £80 per week away from my family.''' ,'''It's not about improving when you play; it's every day, in training, you have to work on every aspect of your game, and that's something I've really enjoyed.''' ,'''Spalletti made a difference for me. He gives great importance to the details and, at minimum, wants the goalkeeper to know how to play with the ball at his feet.''' ,'''It is not very good for your head if you go up and down and up and down. I want to try to keep going up, with my quality and with my decisions that I make.''' ,'''For me, a good season is one that ends with a trophy.''' ,'''Everything that I am and everything that I have, I owe to Arsenal, Arsene Wenger, Liam Brady, David Court, Bob Arber, Steve Bould, Neil Banfield, Mike Salmon, Tony Roberts, Gerry Peyton, Pat Rice, and many others. Words can't describe my gratitude to these people and love for this club.''' ,'''In football, there's always room for improvement.''' ,'''Accepting that my time with Arsenal was over was difficult because I never imagined leaving.''' ,'''People still say I am over-confident, but I am a big critic of myself.''' ,'''You can play for a smaller club, make a mistake, and no one will really highlight it, but when you play for a big club, whatever you do is going to be in the papers.''' ,'''I'm not stupid - if you buy one of the world's best goalkeepers, it's not to keep him on the bench.''' ,'''I wouldn't give up European football. It's very enjoyable.''' ,'''When I was approached by Arsenal in 2005, my world changed forever.''' ,'''When you are 25, everything comes easy to you. When you get past 35, every training session is a sacrifice. I can't see myself doing that.''' ,'''You know what to expect when you play Championship sides. They're very solid defensively, they're not scared to put their foot or head in, and they defend very well.''' ,'''I remember being a young boy in Poland, watching David Seaman, Thierry Henry, Dennis Berkamp and others play for Arsenal. Never in my wildest dreams did I think I would get a chance to play for the club I supported as a little kid.''' ,'''I think some of the English players at Chelsea run the club, pretty much.''' ,'''The players often show much more qualities in training than we do in games.''' ,'''I don't think there was a danger of chaos at Arsenal. We have a fantastic manager who knows how to run the club. All the players believe in what he's doing.''' ,'''I wouldn't dare compare myself to Buffon, not as a man and not as a keeper.''' ,'''You'll always find that goalkeepers are a team within the team, and I've always had good relationships with the others, which is important because nobody understands the mindset of a goalkeeper like the other goalkeepers.''' ,'''When you come to a new club, it takes time to adapt.''' ,'''The biggest thing I have taken away from these two years at Roma is the fact I grew as a goalkeeper.''' ,'''Every player that comes at Juventus becomes better; every player that comes wins trophies.''' ,'''I am proud to be a part of Arsenal, and I see my future at this great club.''' ,'''There's not a single keeper in the world that goes through a season without a little dip.''' ,'''I wanted to be at Arsenal for my whole career. It is the club I love. It is the club I still support. I gave everything to play there.''' ,'''We all have difficult moments in our careers. It is how you react to them that counts.''' ,'''I am happy to take the blame sometimes for a goal conceded if I felt I could do better.''' ,'''Football is something I enjoy doing, something I'm well-paid to do, and obviously that's a great privilege, but I'm just trying to be happy, and if there's an opportunity to do something fun, then I'll just do it. I don't hold back; I just want to be a regular guy.''' ,'''People talk about pressure in football, but I don't think pressure should always affect you in a bad way. I love games under pressure.''' ,'''I'm a little embarrassed to talk about it now, but the very first sport that I did, if you can call it sport, was ballroom dancing. I was aged seven to nine or 10.''' ,'''I am not afraid to fight for No. 1 with anyone, Fabianski or Casillas.''' ,'''I trust Mr. Wenger like no one else, so if he says that the best way to get my place in squad back would be go on loan, it means he's right.''' ,'''Ronaldo is an absolutely terrific player. He works very hard for his team; he has the quality.''' ,'''I chose Juventus for their winning mindset.''' ,'''If you have a game where you're under pressure, obviously there are going to be a lot of shots on target, and you're going to make saves, but you can't say you played well in a game where you concede five goals. It's ridiculous.''' ,'''I consider myself a very confident person, but I don't actually think I am big-headed because my confidence doesn't affect me.''' ,'''It was a waste of time to sit on the bench in London.''' ,'''I want to make sure I'm in the best shape possible.''' ,'''Winning at Wembley is always special.''' ,'''I think, in general, the coaches in Italy are much more tactical; that's just how the league works.''' ,'''I was 20 years old when I started playing in the Premier League. Maybe mentally I wasn't quite prepared for it, and that has earned me a reputation.''' ,'''I'm a 24-year-old, and I enjoy my life, and winning a football game is the most enjoyable thing I've ever experienced in my life.''' ,'''I began my journey as a 16-year-old boy at the Arsenal's academy, trying to one day become a first team player, going out for evening runs in East Barnet with Jack Wilshere.''' ,'''If I stay in Roma, I can still improve. If I go back to Arsenal, I will treasure my experience in Italy.''' ,'''Boruc is nuts. He is a very good friend of mine, and so I'm sure he wouldn't mind me saying he's a nutter. He really is crazy.''' ,'''Mourinho is a coach who is used to working under pressure.''' ,'''Over a long time, I've honestly had enough of people saying Arsenal's defence is not good enough.''' ,'''My dad has always been very helpful with good advice, and he still helps me. I call him after every single game, and he is very critical, if I am honest with you.''' ,'''I was thinking of winning the Scudetto in Rome. I did not succeed, but I grew as a goalkeeper.''' ,'''To miss out on the top four in Europe is heartbreaking, really.''' ,'''When you come to Juve, it's because you've been chosen.''' ,'''In the dressing room, we know that Arsene Wenger is the boss.''' ,'''I think when you play with the same defence, you sort of understand each other's body language, and you read off each other, and it's much, much better.''' ,'''I would never say I give less to Roma than I do to Arsenal; it is just that the emotion is different.''' ,'''I feel confident of being No. 1, but I know I can't let myself play a few bad games.''' ,'''Pogba is a great player and left Juve by his own decision. It makes sense that he is singled out at any club - and even more so at United.''' ,'''My dad got sent off for punching Roberto Mancini in the face. It was in the European Cup-Winners' Cup quarter-final in 1991, and if you look on YouTube, you will have confirmation. It's a very clear punch. He just went straight through him. I can't wait to play against Mancini now. Maybe he will remember.''' ,'''My confidence never gets crushed. Whatever happens, my attitude doesn't change.''' ,'''I have been at Arsenal Football Club for seven years now, and I have always shown my full respect to the Club, Arsene Wenger, all the coaching staff, my team-mates, and the fans. I've always felt that I received great support from the manager and the fans, and I am fully focused on getting back to my best.''' ,]
+++