+++
author = "Abhinav Bindra"
title = "Abhinav Bindra Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Abhinav Bindra Quotes"
keywords = "abhinav bindra,abhinav bindra quotes,abhinav bindra quote,abhinav bindra sayings,abhinav bindra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Shooting of course has certain challenges, especially in terms of safety aspects to be sorted and venues are far away from the scene of action.''' ,'''Performance in any sport can never be broken down into black and white. There's a lot of grey in the nature of sport.''' ,'''Sport can never be scripted. What I had in my control was to be the best that I could be every single shot.''' ,'''I'm a Kareena Kapoor fan.''' ,'''I don't know what stops Indian athletes from expressing their thoughts freely, maybe it is the fear of repercussions.''' ,'''I was just trying to be immersed in my technique and I was actually immersed in it. That is the difference between really performing well and not performing well at the highest level.''' ,'''Sport is not maths.''' ,'''I have had a decent career.''' ,'''Up until Beijing where I had my greatest victory, I had trained for 16 years of life with a singular goal and singular obsession that I wanted to win gold medal at the Olympics.''' ,'''I cannot shoot for 40-50 hours a week.''' ,'''Pressure is a positive thing and it makes no difference on your performance if it is not there.''' ,'''Absolutely, I think that during a course of my career, I had a long career in sport, I had many ups and downs.''' ,'''Incorporating science, technology, engineering, analytics and medicine to athletes' training and development not just at elite level but basing it right at the grassroots level is important.''' ,'''10,000 athletes go and compete at an Olympic Games, only 300 go back with a gold medal, the number is very, very less.''' ,'''I'm quite a loser. I've done nothing in my life for the past 12 years. I'd just eat, sleep, run and do nothing except shooting.''' ,'''My mother is a trained psychologist.''' ,'''The Commonwealth Games is an important benchmark in the whole career path of an athlete.''' ,'''My life's attitude is simple: 'Make the best of what you have got. And move to the next. Thank God for what is coming my way and enjoy it completely.'''' ,'''I have a goal in front of me and that is to achieve a gold medal at the Olympics in air rifle shooting.''' ,'''When I went to Beijing, my goal was to do the best with every shot. The outcome was not important, the process was.''' ,'''Right from my childhood I have been attracted by guns.''' ,'''A pressure situation is not a happy feeling.''' ,'''Shooting is a sport which has got us medals at the highest level in the last five to six years right from 2004. It's a testimony to the talents that we have.''' ,'''All you need to do is train, train and train. Keep working hard, harder and harder. That's the only thing you need to do.''' ,'''Nothing dramatic can be expected from the Sports Code, because the Olympic Charter has to be respected.''' ,'''In my case it was a sustained effort. I was fortunate to have the backing of my parents to start off with and towards the Beijing Olympics the Mittal Champions Trust came into the picture and they helped me a lot.''' ,'''I don't think I was a naturally born talent, surely I had some natural attributes, which perhaps helped me in my sport, but generally speaking I wasn't competitive in nature.''' ,'''I am happy with the way I shot and ended my career.''' ,'''The work that I have been doing revolved around prevention of injuries, proper rehabilitation, it revolved around well being and holistic approach.''' ,'''I've not been the most athletic person.''' ,'''To organize an Olympic Games is probably the most complex thing on the planet because it has so many moving parts.''' ,'''We want a clean and effective Olympic body where it can help us and Indian sports to grow and we athletes can represent our country and our flag once again.''' ,'''Reflecting back on my career, I was not a talented athlete at all. I had no competitiveness naturally, and was full of anxiety and panic all the time - something that's certainly not needed for shooting.''' ,'''India has a large number of those who take up the sport of shooting. But it's not enough to be content with the hotspots.''' ,'''I am always available to share my experiences. I am happy to talk to people in Indian sports administration, maybe teach them a few things, and eventually help out an athlete. That would make me happiest.''' ,'''Even if you do all the right things, it may not ensure that the sponsors line up to support your sport.''' ,'''I plan to establish my own academy.''' ,'''An athlete is not a robot, not a machine. Wellbeing of athletes is absolute necessary.''' ,'''No, I firmly believe in giving my place to another person. We have a lot of talent back home. I don't want to hang on for just the sake of hanging on.''' ,'''I only wish the sport of shooting was more reachable and there were training centers all over the country where youngsters could go and try shooting.''' ,'''I became a process-oriented athlete; one who believed in giving it his best shot and not bothering about the outcome.''' ,'''I do believe the aura of the Olympics is the greatest platform for sport and when one achieves success there it is sure to fire up the imagination of the youth.''' ,'''Every sport has to set itself up for long-term growth and unless you engage with a wider audience and have numbers coming into your sport globally, you're not quite there.''' ,'''I really tried to put my best foot forward all these years.''' ,'''To stand up to worldwide competition, we need a very strong set-up at home that produces athletes right from the beginner's level and has the sustained back-up for the same athlete to finally go and win an Olympic medal.''' ,'''I believe that it is important, wherever possible, to lend a voice to help those in trying times.''' ,'''My having won a gold medal in Beijing is not going to be an extra advantage. It does not have any bearing on how I perform in London in a year's time.''' ,'''The ability to endure and accept hardships became my mantra.''' ,'''If I'm bored at home, I'll probably just log on to ESPN.com.''' ,'''You can't really rely on a couple of athletes to deliver you medals in five consecutive Olympic Games. It's absolutely unrealistic. You have to have a system in place where you continue to increase the depth of the sport which pushes performance levels to higher standards.''' ,'''It isn't easy to suffer failure, go through all the pain and the hardship.''' ,'''A lot needs to be done for Indian sport and with our potential we are nowhere near where we can be.''' ,'''The Olympic movement has made a conscious attempt to make sports and disciplines urban in nature.''' ,'''My performance at Rio gave me closure. I did my best and could not have done any more.''' ,'''I think the real breakthrough will come when sport becomes a social activity, when a family chose sport over a movie on a Sunday afternoon and go and involve themselves in the sporting activity.''' ,'''Once we take care of wellbeing of an athlete then performance will automatically come.''' ,'''But post my victory in Beijing, I actually wanted to quit sport and move on to something else in life.''' ,'''Unfortunately, people not just in India but globally seem to be lacking empathy. Not just during the pandemic, but in other times too.''' ,'''Rio is going to be my fifth Olympic games - it's been a long journey but a rewarding one, I would say.''' ,'''It takes about eight years to develop as an Olympic athlete, very few athletes actually who go there win medal in their first Games.''' ,'''When I was in school, before age 10 I hated any kind of sport.''' ,'''Sports federations must try to be professional in trying to market their sport.''' ,'''When I started out as a 12-13 year old, it was a stupid idea. I remember when I went to try to get coached by Heinz Reinkemeier and my coach Gaby, when I went and met them, India was nowhere in shooting. They said, 'you want to win a gold at the Olympics? Why don't you ride an elephant back home?'''' ,'''Sport, like life, hardly gives you second chances, certainly not in a pandemic era.''' ,'''In some sports, you have a way to come back through repechage but in the game of life, there is no such thing.''' ,'''It happens too frequently that after a couple of poor performances, athletes are dumped. That's unfair as Olympic glory is a long path.''' ,'''My success has given confidence to many others.''' ,'''Shooting is an amateur sport, but everybody does it professionally.''' ,'''I left my sport when I knew I had nothing more to give.''' ,'''We shouldn't be fixated to one sport. The Olympics come once in four years, and every athlete works very hard towards that. It's so special in one's career.''' ,'''Performing at the highest level in sports requires adaptability.''' ,'''I was always humorous by nature but, maybe, no one noticed it. Or, maybe, I looked just too intense or serious to others.''' ,'''One must understand that shooting is a very individual sport and see what sort of coaching possibilities exist in the country and what their standards are. One of the issues that has been faced earlier by shooting athletes is that we have one odd national coach for whom it's impossible to give that sort of attention to say, a group of 30.''' ,'''The beauty of having goals in life is that it drives you and when that is lost you lose a lot of meaning in life.''' ,'''I've never been to a disco in my life.''' ,'''I am done; I have announced my retirement, so there is no reconsideration. I am not going to shoot again.''' ,'''What the people in the country need is meeting of minds between similar philosophy for betterment and well being of people.''' ,'''Shoot-offs are always a lottery. Somebody wins, somebody loses.''' ,'''I remember watching the 1992 Barcelona Games on TV, and I watched Limba Ram shoot. That was my first exposure to the Olympic Games.''' ,'''It was many years ago when I started shooting and I took it up as a complete hobby and a pastime.''' ,'''After I won in Beijing I chatted with a lot of Indian athletes and they were interested and keen to know what I did. They all thought that I had some sort of secret for success, but I just wanted them to understand and realize that the biggest secret is: there is no secret.''' ,'''Nobody will give a single rupee if you cannot match value in a professional way. For that, you need paid professionals.''' ,'''It is a big achievement to win a medal at the World Cup. Winning a medal is like doing well at Wimbledon, in tennis. It is one of the biggest shooting competitions in the world.''' ,'''I don't think too far ahead of myself.''' ,'''Sport is one part of life. There are so many things to life but I've done nothing. I've really done nothing else but focused on shooting.''' ,'''It has been a fantastic journey. I have gone to five Games, broke the Olympics record in 2004 in Athens and won a gold medal as well in Beijing. I have had a good run at the Olympics.''' ,'''I went to five Olympic Games and my favorite is Sydney.''' ,'''It's not wise to just blindly copy what others are doing.''' ,'''It took a lot out of me to win. But more than anything, when you are goalless, you are listless in your life.''' ,'''It is my job to be composed.''' ,'''When I started at 15, I never thought about winning nine Commonwealth Games medals.''' ,'''Growing up, I was not athletic.''' ,'''It's ironic my biggest mental crisis in life came when I actually succeeded. A lot of people talked about dealing with failure, but for me, dealing with success was probably the hardest time in my life.''' ,'''Sportspersons at the grassroots must get world class exposure in terms of coaches, facilities, physical trainers and mental trainers so that a strong foundation is laid at the base. That's the key to success.''' ,'''In shooting, you need to be dumb.''' ,'''It is important to find a way to take sports forward. However, it is important to have certain stipulations in place like restriction in terms of age, tenure etc.''' ,'''I never had a good physical base.''' ,'''When you go to a shooting competition, you don't know what medal you're going to finish with.''' ,'''I think we should follow the Olympic charter and the guidelines as the whole world is following it.''' ,'''My talent lies in my hard work.''' ,]
+++