+++
author = "Brad Parscale"
title = "Brad Parscale Quotes"
quotes_len = "64"
description = "the best 64 Brad Parscale Quotes"
keywords = "brad parscale,brad parscale quotes,brad parscale quote,brad parscale sayings,brad parscale saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''All campaigns have ebb and flows along the way, right? Ups and downs.''' ,'''The old Republican Party is gone. It's now Trump's party.''' ,'''The day I graduated, I skipped the ceremony to go straight to California for the dot-com boom.''' ,'''I recognized that I was a nobody in San Antonio, but working for the Trumps would be everything.''' ,'''I think the Republican Party is in a strong position with Latino voters and other demographics.''' ,'''Well, I mean, I think all campaigns run negative and positive ads.''' ,'''Most people don't understand what the RNC ground game is.''' ,'''Look, I still think Texas is a - is a red state. It's going to continue to be a red state. I think as people stay more time in Texas, they become red. They see what, you know, Texas, kind of low tax, you know, a pro-business economy is doing for them as well. It's a well-run state.''' ,'''In a political campaign, you take your position; you stay strong with it. And the Clinton campaign put out tons of stuff that was not true about Donald Trump and who President Trump is.''' ,'''I have one focus and that focus is getting Donald Trump reelected.''' ,'''I'm the cog in the middle that makes it all turn together. And if you pull me out, a lot of other cogs start to fall.''' ,'''There's only a few platforms that really aggregate content well together, Facebook being one of the best, probably the most diverse of all of them.''' ,'''There are so many ways and different people who show up and vote now. The way turnout works now. The abilities we have now to turn out voters. The polling can't understand that. And that's why the polling was so wrong in 2016. It was 100% wrong. Nobody got it right - not one public poll.''' ,'''I have a lot less faith in the system. You really don't understand how swampy it is until you get here.''' ,'''I don't believe in traditional, head-to-head polling.''' ,'''When Donald Trump became the candidate we didn't have any money other than Mr. Trump's money and I don't think he wanted to write that check all himself. We needed to create a grassroots campaign and we needed to go out and find millions of people to be our supporters and Facebook allowed us to do that in alarming numbers, very fast.''' ,'''I have a daughter in college myself. It's an expensive thing.''' ,'''Tech can be something that can be great for us. We don't need to fear it.''' ,'''When I give a speech, I tell it like a story.''' ,'''When I showed up at the RNC for my first meeting, I expected them to be my enemy. I was told that by many in Trump world. But I learned very quickly that for everyone to be successful, we need to be working hand in hand.''' ,'''My loyalty is to the family. Donald Trump says 'Jump;' I say, 'How high?' Then I give him my opinion of where I should jump to, and he says, 'Go do it.'''' ,'''I don't think there's anything traditional about me.''' ,'''I don't like the establishment. I like the diversity of knowledge, and I'm going to use all that I can to help get President Trump re-elected again in 2020.''' ,'''Since President Trump has assumed office, I have learned a great deal about the problems on our borders.''' ,'''Sometimes success can bring complacency.''' ,'''No one ever complained about Facebook for a single day until Donald Trump was president.''' ,'''I think that when the left found out that Facebook, a tool built by Silicon Valley, helped elect President Trump, they weren't very happy.''' ,'''Yeah, I would not want a foreign entity to meddle in our election; you know, a government. Yeah, I mean, I wouldn't want that; I'm American.''' ,'''I really like steak.''' ,'''I'll tell you as one of the lead Trump people and the campaign manager of the army of Trump, that I would never want any single person to do anything violent against anyone.''' ,'''I try to be a perfectionist.''' ,'''We never fought for the popular vote. There was no economical reason, and there was no reason based off the system of our Constitution to do so. We needed to win 270, and to do so we needed to win in certain states, and we needed to target registered voters that had a low propensity to vote and propensity to vote for Donald Trump if they come.''' ,'''A digital director shouldn't be out front, but a campaign manager's job is to set a narrative.''' ,'''Maybe my job made 0.1% of difference, but Donald Trump did 99.9% of the work, and anyone who tells you different doesn't know Donald Trump.''' ,'''Donald Trump won the campaign, and I was empowered by Jared Kushner and lucky to be around people like Kellyanne Conway and Steve Bannon.''' ,'''Well, Trump campaign is not an actor. Trump campaign is the official campaign of the president.''' ,'''I think I had come from a consumer world for a long time and America and eyeballs were moving to social media in huge numbers, especially on mobile phones and devices. And when Donald Trump asked me to work on the campaign I also knew I had a great piece of product that would resonate with Americans.''' ,'''Romania seems to be a very pro-Trump country and a pro-America country, and that's why it's a great honor to come visit.''' ,'''I would say my weakness is the political encyclopedia, but I don't think it matters that much for what Trump needs.''' ,'''Look, I think this president has said very clear that he cares about the cost of rising healthcare in this country. And if we are being correct about it, it was President Trump that saved the failing Obamacare that was falling off the cliff when he came into office.''' ,'''Jared Kushner is Ivanka Trump husband. Jared was instrumental in being kind of an overlay in kind of bringing Trump's genius down to the all the different parts of leadership.''' ,'''I've been to NBA playoff games.''' ,'''I do not have any firsthand knowledge of foreign interference in the 2016 election.''' ,'''Targeted marketing has existed for as long as there's been marketing.''' ,'''I don't think bots work.''' ,'''You want a great product, you want things that resonate with people and make them dance.''' ,'''Millions of Americans, older people, are on the Internet, watching pictures of their kids because they all moved to cities.''' ,'''Mr. Trump understands the value of digital operations.''' ,'''And, you know, I came out of college in the early '90s. That was a great time to exit school and get a job in the dot-com world and get educated.''' ,'''It was voters in the Rust Belt that cared about their roads being rebuilt, their highways, their bridges. They felt like the world was crumbling. So I started making ads that would show the bridge crumbling.''' ,'''Do I think there's a fight against the media and the Democrats? Yes, but I think it's one that's done with our heart and our minds. I don't believe that it's ever something being done with the fist.''' ,'''Trying to explain the First Step Act in prison reform in a tweet or Facebook post is not easy.''' ,'''These social platforms are all invented by very liberal people on the West and East Coast, and we figure out how to use it to push conservative values. I don't think they ever thought that would happen.''' ,'''You have to make people feel things. I think that's what commercials are, from a commercial for a car, a phone or anything that might be, they want to do it. The first iPhone was sold by how exciting it was to hold pictures of your family, not how great a phone it was.''' ,'''I think polling methodology is broken.''' ,'''You can't just take and sample size a few hundred people and decide that what you think 200 - almost 200 million people are going to vote and go do. It's a complex country.''' ,'''The Trumps will be a dynasty that will last for decades, propelling the Republican Party into a new party.''' ,'''I'm a Republican.''' ,'''Look, we are building out a large coalition program from Latinos for Trump, Black Voices for Trump, the faith-based, all kinds of different coalitions. That's an important thing for us to do. We need to turn out those voters.''' ,'''The Republican Party is in a great place for 2018 and I think Americans will continue to support the Trump agenda.''' ,'''I stopped looking at people as demographics, groups, personas. I said: let's look at people as individuals, how do they act. Because two people who look the same, might act differently.''' ,'''All Democrats from Bernie to Biden will eliminate private insurance either outright or as a consequence of the public option crowding out private insurance.''' ,'''There was obviously never any help from the Russians. I don't even know what the Russians would have done.''' ,'''I understood early that Facebook was how Donald Trump was going to win. Twitter is how he talked to the people. Facebook was going to be how he won.''' ,]
+++