+++
author = "Rebecca Ferguson"
title = "Rebecca Ferguson Quotes"
quotes_len = "86"
description = "the best 86 Rebecca Ferguson Quotes"
keywords = "rebecca ferguson,rebecca ferguson quotes,rebecca ferguson quote,rebecca ferguson sayings,rebecca ferguson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd gone from being a mum to all of a sudden having people fussing and overly pampering me. It can easily change you.''' ,'''I'm very proud of my roots, and I would never try not to be who I am.''' ,'''I've been hugely inspired by the songwriting of Lauryn Hill and Tracy Chapman - on their albums, they really tell it like it is.''' ,'''The first time I had money, I was extravagant, but then you realise it's not just about that. If I lost it all tomorrow, it wouldn't be me that's hurt, it would be my babies. It would be more about people's opinion of me that would concern me.''' ,'''I'm a better writer than I am a singer, and I express myself easily through writing.''' ,'''I am lucky in that I love what I do, but it can still be hard to be away from the kids for long lengths of time. At the end of the day, all I want is to be with my kids, but it's worth it to create a future for my family.''' ,'''What I hated then - and hate now - is the way that people say to girls like me who get pregnant young that it ruins your life. Having a child doesn't ruin your life - having a child is a blessing.''' ,'''I've just grown as a person, accepting my flaws as well. Before I was very insecure and I used to just hide, and now I just accept that I'm an imperfect human.''' ,'''Women's bodies are amazing; what our bodies can do is incredible, so it's sad that we get distracted - all this stuff about being skinny, be this, be that - they're all distractions.''' ,'''I don't really read books. Wish I did.''' ,'''I knew I could sing. That one thing I did believe in was that I could sing, but then constantly getting rejected, it started to get me down. But my voice was always there and my dream and my ambition was always there when I went through bad times.''' ,'''A lot of negative stuff has happened to me - that's why I'm tough - but I don't want people to be like, 'Oh, poor Becky,' because I'm not a victim.''' ,'''I think, even in society, people get so caught up in how they look. I think I let that go, and I've learnt to not care.''' ,'''I like listening to old soul music. I like Sam Cooke. When I was growing up, the first things I was listening to was Whitney Houston and Cher. They were really big inspirations for me.''' ,'''I like to write poetry.''' ,'''If you are not happy with the song, don't sing it. Simple as that - no-one forces you to do it.''' ,'''I think jazz has given me freedom with my voice.''' ,'''Some people won't like me; that's just human nature. I battled with that for years, trying to please people, but now I haven't got time to win people over! I've got nappies to change!''' ,'''I was really good at manicures, facials and make-up.''' ,'''I think there's definitely a dance album or at least single in me somewhere. I would want to work with a really cool Ibiza DJ, though.''' ,'''People think that because of my nature and the tone of my voice that I'm stupid, and that's hard.''' ,'''My first-ever date on my first tour, the sound completely cut out. So I had to go on and just shout loudly to the audience.''' ,'''I absolutely love Nicole Scherzinger. She's worked really hard to get to where she is and really knows her stuff.''' ,'''I remember being wise beyond my years when I was little.''' ,'''I don't tend to lie. If I do, it's a little one. Like, 'I'm only around the corner...' when really I'm 10 minutes away.''' ,'''I love L.A. I'd move there tomorrow if I could.''' ,'''I'm not very good at business. I'm more of a creative, fun-loving hippie type.''' ,'''I think being a mum gives you extra qualities. I'm more feisty, fiercely protective and less selfish. The main trait I want to instill in my kids is kindness. I think it's the most important thing. If you're kind, you'll go a long way.''' ,'''I'm playing with music and working on different types of music. But I've realised that I can't really stray from what is my marker.''' ,'''The aim for me is to have a long career. I've got a couple of kids, and so I can't really be a fashion because I have to sustain a life for my children.''' ,'''I'm one of these people who tries to look for the good in people, but I've learnt that, actually, no, some people fundamentally just are not nice.''' ,'''I like Marilyn Monroe; she was super glam, weren't she?''' ,'''Work made me more streetwise because you can be so sheltered at home. I'd definitely encourage my kids Lillie and Karl, who are nine and seven, to get Saturday jobs in the future.''' ,'''I can't watch my first audition because it makes me too upset. I just think it is really sad. I look at myself and don't recognize myself. I do think fame and fortune changes people.''' ,'''I do love dance music, but at the same time, I'm not looking to put out a big pop album. You've got to be the best you can be.''' ,'''I think that's what I love about jazz is that you can do what you want, and you're allowed to mess up.''' ,'''There's this culture where we celebrate people snapping back into shape a week after the birth, but I don't want to be one of those people - I just want to enjoy Arabella.''' ,'''I believe things are meant to be. It's the only way I can explain it because I had auditioned before to get on 'The X Factor' and 'Britain's Got Talent,' and I didn't get through - it was literally, 'No!'''' ,'''When I first studied Billie Holiday's life story years ago, I admit that I was quite judgmental.''' ,'''I can do an OK manicure, but I need to stick to singing.''' ,'''I was naive in that I thought I could just sing and perform and do what I had always wanted to do all my life. But I wasn't ready for all the added dramas that came along. There were times I fell out of love with music and thought about walking away. I thought I was happier when I was that girl at home in my bedroom singing into my hairbrush.''' ,'''If you haven't got love, you've got nothing.''' ,'''You always have guilt as a working mum, and you overcompensate by buying them loads of things. That was what I was doing, anyway. I've kind of realised now that I'm the best mum that I can be.''' ,'''After the 'X Factor,' there were opportunities everywhere. It was all there waiting for me to enjoy. I didn't understand business.''' ,'''You have to be really strong in the music industry, and I'm naturally very timid. That was really hard for me. You have to be tough. You have to make decisions and be a businesswoman.''' ,'''We have two older brothers and two younger sisters; Sam and I are in the middle, and I've always felt protective and closest to him.''' ,'''Growing up, we didn't have anything. My mum wasn't well, so I was in three care homes then foster homes before me and my little brother went back to her. I was passed from pillar to post.''' ,'''When I was on the X-Factor, I found that I grew a lot as a performer. I knew I could sing but I didn't believe in myself enough... I needed to hear that I was good.''' ,'''That's what I've tried to do: I've tried to make music that I really love.''' ,'''For me, it's not about quick grabs and quick sales; it's about having a sound that will last and sustain.''' ,'''After 'X Factor,' I got loads of gigs. Then I went on holiday just after the tour and bought my Rolex in Tenerife. I needed to go through that phase - splurge and see that it's worthless - to get it out of my system.''' ,'''I want to go out with my friends and have a laugh. It's funny: you always attract men when you don't want them - you'll go out, and they'll want your number, while you're left thinking, 'Where were you when I wanted a boyfriend?'''' ,'''I've got a running machine which I try and use, but it's just finding the time. Don't get me wrong, I love cake and ice cream; I'm the kind of girl that, if I want something, I'll have it.''' ,'''I love a good remix! Moto Blanco did a great one of 'I Hope'.''' ,'''I think this industry can be tough on everyone. You have to surround yourself with supportive people and know when to put your foot down and do what's best for you and your family. The first few years in the music industry can be a steep learning curve, and I've definitely developed a thicker skin!''' ,'''I was looking for something to make me happy, and once I realised what I actually had, then I found success.''' ,'''I love getting dressed up.''' ,'''I came from nothing. We didn't have money, so I started work at 14 because I really needed the money.''' ,'''It's sad really, I think 'Freedom' would've done better, but it got shelved because of the pregnancy, so it might be something that might get revisited in the future; who knows?''' ,'''Sometimes I won't put a lot of make up on; I won't put foundation on. I'll just pop a bit of blusher on. I'm not obsessed with trying to look like a Victoria's Secret model - it's real life.''' ,'''I've always been interested in beauty. I studied it when I was 16 and 17, and I know it's a good idea to invest in something alongside my music.''' ,'''My nan taught me never to put value on possessions but to value family, friends and people. I buy lovely things and enjoy them, but they don't rule me.''' ,'''I'd definitely like more kids when I'm older. And I think I'm like every woman in that I'd like to get married one day.''' ,'''If I got married one day and settled down, I would love to have more children.''' ,'''I'm able to provide for my family and the people that I love with things that I never used to be able to. I'm getting to make music and work with amazing people. I just feel really lucky.''' ,'''When you're recording classic songs, you've got to kind of make them your own, and you can't always worry about what people are going to think.''' ,'''I'm quite good at knowing, 'This isn't right for me,' or, 'That person will be really good at singing that.'''' ,'''My mum is a lovely woman, so strong but so kind and compassionate. She brought us up to be proud, loving and forgiving.''' ,'''We grew up in Woolton, Liverpool. We didn't have much, but it was irrelevant. We played out a lot with all the kids on the street.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of a rant, am I? I've got to that point where I've just become a woman; I think I've just grown.''' ,'''I'm not on the stage going, 'Look at me! I'm amazing!' I accept my vulnerability, don't pretend I'm something I'm not. I don't want to come across as fake.''' ,'''I love hats and winter is the perfect time for them. I love winter time fashion.''' ,'''I took lessons since I was little; I used to pay for my own singing lessons and take myself. Just take the bus when I was a kid and go. But I'd been writing music for years, since the smallest age.''' ,'''I feel like people are just waiting for me to fail, so I have to be careful what decisions I make in my career.''' ,'''What I loved with Billie Holiday is she had a good way of parlaying the sorrow with a positive musical twist.''' ,'''I like Sam Bailey - she's got a huge voice.''' ,'''I remember sitting on a bench in New York and sobbing and realising that my ambition to be a singer was making me selfish - I was a mother with two children, and I needed a backup plan.''' ,'''My first album is a lot of my personal experiences. I wanted people to relate to what I've been through.''' ,'''There's certain people that do pop well. Beyonce's one of them, Rihanna, Rita Ora, I could go on and on. You've got to recognise what your talent and niche is.''' ,'''You meet someone, you care for them, and you fall in love; it's what it is.''' ,'''If you are going to survive in business, show business or any business, then you have to be bold.''' ,'''My family are too grounded, and I will go home to visit. I always need my dose of Liverpool to keep me grounded.''' ,'''I do think that when you get older, you kind of learn not to judge because you realise that no one's perfect, and we're all fighting our own private demons.''' ,'''My advice is, if you are going to go on 'X Factor,' you have to know who you are as an artist.''' ,'''It wasn't until my late teens that I really got into soul music and then I was like 'Ooh, this is good!' You'd always here it at old family parties, like, Gladys Knight and I'd always love it but I didn't really get to know it and respect it until I was a bit older.''' ,'''Constantly having to think about money is not nice. People used to say, 'Being rich doesn't make you happy'. And I'd think, 'I've got no electricity, nothing - tell that to my empty fridge'.''' ,]
+++