+++
author = "Weili Dai"
title = "Weili Dai Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Weili Dai Quotes"
keywords = "weili dai,weili dai quotes,weili dai quote,weili dai sayings,weili dai saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I believe women are the glue of everything.''' ,'''Technology is one of the key drivers of female economic empowerment, but the fields that women choose to participate in are still decidedly gendered.''' ,'''Let students use technologies in the classroom.''' ,'''I grew up in a Chinese family where the parents' No. 1 priority is the kids' education.''' ,'''In science, technology, engineering and mathematics, men far outnumber women in the classroom and the boardroom.''' ,'''In terms of achievement, the pride is very important to me. It keeps me going every day. The money is always second to me.''' ,'''I believe it is in the world's interest to develop environments that fully engage women and leverage their natural talents.''' ,'''I was very fortunate when I was little - I played basketball. You really absolutely learn how to be a team player, how to win a game, to accomplish things, not just for yourself.''' ,'''Technology is a nerdy field. That's why I called myself a 'geek.' It requires a lot of training and encouragement at a very young age.''' ,'''A lot of people believe women can't do tech-y stuff. Becoming nerdy doesn't have to mean the short-haired guy, but can be the woman with very long, beautiful hair.''' ,'''Women have their own strengths, like fashion. In technology, we can contribute in a big way in terms of the design of the user interface.''' ,'''It is pure mythology that women cannot perform as well as men in science, engineering and mathematics. In my experience, the opposite is true: Women are often more adept and patient at untangling complex problems, multitasking, seeing the possibilities in new solutions and winning team support for collaborative action.''' ,'''I believe in order to make a friend, you have to be a friend.''' ,]
+++