+++
author = "Holly Marie Combs"
title = "Holly Marie Combs Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Holly Marie Combs Quotes"
keywords = "holly marie combs,holly marie combs quotes,holly marie combs quote,holly marie combs sayings,holly marie combs saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had a few fibroids removed, and they left me with a Grand Canyon of scar tissue in my uterus. The doctors weren't sure I'd be able to reproduce. I was prepared for a rough road, and then out of nowhere we conceived.''' ,'''I have no interest in a guy who doesn't know the right end of a screwdriver.''' ,'''Everyone gives 'Picket Fences' credit for being so willing to delve into issues that now would be no big deal. But it was then. It was ahead of its time.''' ,'''In this industry there's this ridiculous connotation with women shows that's it's got to be difficult, and it's not true.''' ,'''My mother's very proud of the name she gave me. She thought it sounded rhythmically better. It doesn't really make a difference to me what people call me, but since my mother calls me Holly Marie when she's angry, I prefer just my first name.''' ,'''Personally, I have nothing to fall back on, and that creates a weird ambition that you have to be good at acting because you can't be good at anything else. I wish I had gone for my degree - that acting wasn't this be-all-and-end-all.''' ,'''The WB never treated us well, so we didn't expect a lot of farewell wishes and flowers or cards.''' ,'''Everyone wants to be a writer, director, producer. I don't have the imagination for that, but, hopefully, I can continue to act.''' ,'''Both my husband and I wanted a boy. I wasn't sure what I'd do with a daughter. What if she asked for a Barbie? I would have been like, 'Honey, we don't support Barbie because she isn't an accurate depiction of a woman's body.'''' ,'''You never feel like you're 100 percent at either one. I don't ever feel like I'm the best actress I can be or the best mother I can be.''' ,'''I printed a list of Irish names from the Internet and my husband, Dave, saw Finley on the list. I really liked it but didn't want to scare Dave off with my enthusiasm. So I used a little reverse psychology and let him think it was his idea.''' ,'''Growing up in any sort of spotlight is difficult. Everything is magnified.''' ,'''There are tons of people I'd like to freeze for all of eternity, but we won't go into that!''' ,'''My husband is very supportive - he wants me to work but understands I also want to be with the kids.''' ,'''TV's a wonderful medium: this intimate way of observing how a successful family operates and deals with each other.''' ,'''I think letting babies cry it out is barbaric. Why would parenting stop when it's dark outside? You can't expect a baby to know that he's supposed to sleep just because we want to go to bed.''' ,'''I was worried - I wasn't sure I had the maternal instinct. But the minute my son came out, he was my favorite person on earth. I was crazily in tune with him, and I knew we were going to be fine.''' ,'''In between my first and second child, Pilates helped my body a lot.''' ,'''Life as an only child can be a bit lonely, and when I had Finley, I decided that if I could give him a big family, I wanted to as much as possible.''' ,'''You need to be emotionally ready for a baby, and the best way to do that is to clean skeletons from your own closest. Deal with the baggage of your childhood, or you'll just pass it on to your kid.''' ,'''Orca family members belong together at home in the ocean, not isolated in tiny tanks at SeaWorld. If you believe that a mother should never have to know the pain of having her child torn away from her, boycott SeaWorld.''' ,'''I was the product of very young parents, and they had wild ways. My mother was in a punk band. Rebelling would have been learning to play piano.''' ,'''I'm definitely a sushi person. I know I can eat a lot and still be fairly healthy.''' ,'''To travel America and see everything it has to offer, with my best friend, sounds like the perfect road trip.''' ,'''It's funny, because even though on a drama like 'Picket Fences' those long monologues would stress me out, doing special effects where there's a green screen and there's nobody there to to react to and you have to recite all this dialogue, it's so much more difficult.''' ,'''At this point, I can almost never see myself saying no to a con or a 'Charmed' reunion, because it's so important to so many people I've already met personally.''' ,'''I was a vegetarian through many of my teen years and easily revert back to that occasionally, but my immune system is usually happier with a bit of real meat.''' ,'''Before you have a baby, friends tell you 'sleep now,' and you laugh because you don't think that all those stories could be true. But they are.''' ,'''When Finley gets his vaccinations, it kills me, and you can't protect yourself from that. My heart is being ripped out with every shot. It's a deeper level of emotion that I wasn't prepared to feel, but it's completely amazing. It has opened me up both as a person and as an actress. Everything has a deeper meaning now.''' ,'''A lot of my snacks are healthy. I love things like hummus, carrots, and celery, but I will never give up potato chips.''' ,'''Your faith in yourself is all you will ever have. Don't let anyone take it away from you, ever.''' ,'''Felicity Huffman is just flawless; she's above and beyond TV and movies and this Earth.''' ,'''To stop smoking was actually really easy because I had already started to cut down. My husband is asthmatic, and he just can't for the life of him imagine why anybody would put smoke in their mouth, so he really helped me to start cutting down.''' ,'''Beets just aren't my thing. I can't get into them.''' ,]
+++