+++
author = "Michael P. Anderson"
title = "Michael P. Anderson Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Michael P. Anderson Quotes"
keywords = "michael p. anderson,michael p. anderson quotes,michael p. anderson quote,michael p. anderson sayings,michael p. anderson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you want something that's going to provide you with a lot of challenges and a variety of different things to do, then you really can't beat a place like the Air Force. I don't mean this to sound like a recruiting pitch. But it's been a lot of fun.''' ,'''There are just hundreds of people that have inspired and influenced me in a number of different ways. First of all, you can't forget your parents and all they've done to help you to get here.''' ,'''Fortunately, I got called down to NASA for an interview. And one thing led to the next, and one day I got that call. I've been here about seven years now and am really enjoying it.''' ,'''I went to the University of Washington as a physics and astronomy major. My other interest, of course, was aviation. I always wanted to be a pilot. And if you're going to fly airplanes, the best place to be is the Air Force.''' ,'''It looks like the future's really bright.''' ,'''It's a great view from here. I'm having the time of my life.''' ,'''I was always fascinated by science-fiction shows, shows like 'Star Trek' and 'Lost in Space.'''' ,'''As you look back at your life, there are just a million different things that have happened, just in the right way, to allow you to make your dreams come true. And you know, someone has all that under control.''' ,'''Like most kids growing up, I had a very wide interest. I was interested in everything. I tried to take advantage of everything, from the sciences to music to writing to literature.''' ,'''Science was something that really caught my attention. It was something I really could sink my teeth into.''' ,'''When you launch in a rocket, you're not really flying that rocket. You're just sort of hanging on.''' ,]
+++