+++
author = "Anthony Anderson"
title = "Anthony Anderson Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Anthony Anderson Quotes"
keywords = "anthony anderson,anthony anderson quotes,anthony anderson quote,anthony anderson sayings,anthony anderson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I ain't got nothing. I've got this watch, and these shoes, and that's about it.''' ,'''If you respect the art and you have some talent about you, I'm on your team.''' ,'''Glenn Close is a living icon. You look at the work, and I think it's wild, because she thinks some of her best work was in Dangerous Liaisons and that's what I believe as well.''' ,'''Romeo Must Die was the first film that I did where I was able to just be free as an actor.''' ,'''Leo couldn't deliver Mr. Martin Scorsese his Oscar with 'The Aviator', but I will go on record to say I will do so in 'The Departed'.''' ,'''I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house.''' ,'''My choices were never wrong.''' ,'''I went to the High School for Performing Arts, and to Howard University on a talent scholarship.''' ,'''It's a remake of a film called Inferno Affairs. It's a Hong Kong film, and if we come anywhere close to what they did in the original, we're going to have a hot property on our hands, because Inferno Affairs is a great piece.''' ,'''Be ready for when your time comes, you will have that window of opportunity, so seize the moment and capitalise on it.''' ,'''Independent films are where you really get to cut your teeth and have some fun and do the things that mainstream Hollywood doesn't want to do.''' ,'''Tom Arnold and I, we have a huge firefight scene on top of a German tank. I get to shoot 50 caliber rounds. We shoot a helicopter out of the sky. That's the only fight I'm in.''' ,'''Everyone realized I was the innocent victim of a shakedown.''' ,'''Comedy is second nature for me.''' ,'''My wife and I have always trusted each other, and I have to thank her strength.''' ,'''There isn't a switch that I turn on. I'm an actor. This is what I do.''' ,'''Set your heights more than what you see around you, see beyond.''' ,'''More oftentimes than not, you're automatically guilty before innocent.''' ,'''It's just a matter of me opening up the page and whatever is written on the page, that's what I'm here to do.''' ,'''Some of these guys... I've worked with Ice Cube, I think he's an immensely talented rapper and actor.''' ,'''I've worked with some actors who can't act.''' ,'''You take the quote from Sam Jackson about how he'll never work with a rapper, and I can understand where he's coming from because he says rappers can't act.''' ,'''I provide a little comic relief.''' ,'''I've gotten my butt kicked by the best. Jet Li beat me up the best, but Steven Segal can still kick a good butt. It's a different kind of kicking, though.''' ,'''If they respect the craft and what we're doing and they bring something to the table and they work hard, I don't care what you do as your side job or as your day job.''' ,'''You say you're a comedian, you always have to be on guard.''' ,'''They gave us the freedom just to play and have fun.''' ,'''You can say what you want to about a rapper in a movie, but look at what Ice Cube has done. Ice Cube has created more opportunities for other actors to get jobs in this business than some actors have.''' ,'''Things are changing. I've been training since I was 9 years old to stretch my wings as an actor dramatically, but have never really been afforded the opportunity to show that.''' ,'''I'm not a comedian. I'm an actor who just happens to be funny on occasion.''' ,'''It's sort of an action flick. You can't be that funny trying to steal diamonds.''' ,]
+++