+++
author = "Eric Dane"
title = "Eric Dane Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Eric Dane Quotes"
keywords = "eric dane,eric dane quotes,eric dane quote,eric dane sayings,eric dane saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Television is a lot of fun. It's faster-paced. The schedule is really desirable, I guess. But as far as films go, and I've only done a couple; film is like a definitive beginning, middle and end. You know your character's arch.''' ,'''I'm out of bed before the alarm goes off.''' ,'''I think when you're done with work, you go home.''' ,'''McSteamy's been really good to me. He's opened a lot of doors.''' ,'''Never ask a woman when she's due unless you know for a fact she's expecting.''' ,'''My skin is very sensitive.''' ,'''What I love about acting is experiencing the absolute moments of - you know - of getting lost in the world you've created for yourself.''' ,'''The action genre is not always the most synonymous with character development.''' ,'''I don't know if there's any change more significant that a human being can make than that of a woman becoming a mother. There's no change more dramatic.''' ,'''Going to the gym and looking for a specific result is a short-lived existence, as opposed to going to the gym and adopting it as a lifestyle. Develop a routine, because it's much harder to break it if you have one. If you have no routine, you have nothing to break, so discipline goes out the window.''' ,'''Love at first sight is different when you're 32 than when you're 22. In your early 20s, you fall in love after three weeks.''' ,'''I go eat a sandwich for lunch and have a milk shake and miss going to the gym for 10 days, and somebody snaps a picture of me on the beach, and all of a sudden, I've lost it. Why do I need to be perfect all the time?''' ,'''I can't say no to my girls. They melt my heart. I'm very grateful for my family.''' ,'''I've always had a great feel for space and how objects occupy it.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you want to work with people you want to work with - regardless of what they've done. Being able to spend 15 hours on a set with somebody and enjoy every minute of it - that's what it's really about.''' ,'''I just try to leave my baggage at the door. I don't want to carry my stuff into a working environment with me, and I expect that from other people. If they can't do it, though, I'm surprisingly understanding.''' ,'''My father served in Vietnam - the respect I have for the Navy is profound.''' ,'''Some of the greatest actors on the planet are the most insecure people. Now I don't know if that insecurity necessarily equates to a lack of confidence. Some people are just very shy individuals. You give them a character to play and a script, and you put them in front of a camera or on a stage, and they just go.''' ,'''I'm a hands-on dad.''' ,'''I make really good chicken soup, sort of from scratch. I don't make my own stock. I just use a base like a chicken stock, but everything else, all the ingredients, I do on my own.''' ,'''I've never seen 'Game of Thrones.' I've never seen 'Breaking Bad.' I can't tell you one character outside of Walter White.''' ,'''On 'Grey's Anatomy,' I didn't have to move too much. I think I ran through the hospital three times.''' ,'''Being a parent is the toughest thing I've ever done. But I'm not the kind of person to throw my kid in front of a TV. I'm the one to take out a book, puzzle, or flash cards.''' ,'''If I can get to the gym 3-4 days a week and spend 50 minutes to an hour and a half, irrespective of whether I lift something or not, I'm getting in shape.''' ,'''I like lifting weights. And there is a cardio element to lifting if you're doing it the way I do it.''' ,'''We've all made mistakes.''' ,'''There's a very mathematical, mechanical side to architecture, and I probably lean more toward that aspect of it, though I'm terrible at numbers. But that side appeals to me more than the decorating aspect.''' ,'''I couldn't comprehend a 35-year-old woman gravitating toward a 70-year-old man.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like I'm lacking a playfulness. I envy guys who are consistently able to maintain a playful, optimistic perspective on things.''' ,'''I like guys who, no matter what, are men.''' ,'''Any free time I have, the family comes first.''' ,'''I'm not a big watcher of myself. You start looking at things you shouldn't be looking at that have nothing to do with anything of importance.''' ,'''I loved doing 'Grey's Anatomy.'''' ,'''I never had a family, and now I do. I know I'm a very lucky guy.''' ,'''With a pilot, there's a lot of information that gets packed into 46 minutes or whatever it is. Usually what happens is that, throughout the season, you get to spend a little more quality time with the characters and get to know them a bit better, whether it's based on circumstance or relationships they've created with other characters.''' ,'''I do like to cook. But I only cook a few things, but those few things I do really well.''' ,'''I always thought of myself as a big-dog kinda guy.''' ,'''I'm a goal setter, but in broad strokes. I don't have a by-October-2009-I-want-to-be-here plan. All I do is work with an element of challenge and an element of enjoyment. With that, anything can happen.''' ,'''The person I am is who I am. My life is my career, my career is my life.''' ,'''I grew up in Northern California on the peninsula. It was a beautiful house, but it was very traditional. It wasn't midcentury modern. I'm talking 1970s, early '80s - design didn't even go 'Wall Street' until, like, 1986.''' ,]
+++