+++
author = "Naveen Patnaik"
title = "Naveen Patnaik Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Naveen Patnaik Quotes"
keywords = "naveen patnaik,naveen patnaik quotes,naveen patnaik quote,naveen patnaik sayings,naveen patnaik saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My sister is not interested in any political positions; not in Rajya Sabha or anything else.''' ,'''I trust the people of Odisha.''' ,'''In Odisha, we have concentrated on people and their development. We hope to take Odisha to new heights.''' ,'''I am always with poor and will continue work for protecting their interests.''' ,'''For cyclone-proof energy infrastructure, we would definitely explore all possibilities, including international support.''' ,'''The opposition leaders are opportunistic seasonal birds. Where were they when Cyclone Phailin, Hudhud, Titli, and even drought hit Odisha? Now it's election time, they are swarming Odisha to seek votes.''' ,'''Personally, I have never considered myself corrupt or seen the need to be so. People are judged as what they are perceived to be.''' ,'''I believe in constructive cooperation from the central government for any development and welfare schemes for Odisha. I want to work in cooperation with them for the development of the state.''' ,'''The people of Odisha know who fulfils promises and who does not. We believe in works and not in words.''' ,'''I thought my father served the people of Orissa, and I thought I would continue that to some extent.''' ,'''I want to clarify that as far as the Mahagathbandhan is concerned, the Biju Janata Dal is not a part of it.''' ,'''The government of Odisha believes in constructive cooperation with the Centre.''' ,'''As far as natural calamities are concerned, Odisha had a very bad reputation before 2000 when we took over the government. After that, we have achieved international standards as far as controlling the effects of natural calamities. In fact, even the United Nations have complimented us on this.''' ,'''Our government has been pro-poor, progressive, and people-oriented.''' ,'''My main aim is poverty reduction in the state.''' ,'''My father was against nepotism.''' ,'''The people of Orissa had unmatched love and respect for Bijubabu. There is no way that you can wish away his legacy.''' ,'''We always need the support of the Centre.''' ,'''Healthy Odisha - Happy Odisha. Let us continue our endeavour to build a prosperous and strong state.''' ,'''The JD, as a party, is dead.''' ,'''There is no question of any alliance with the Congress party. The Congress have always neglected the people of Odisha.''' ,'''What I want is peaceful industrialisation.''' ,'''We prefer to be isolated in Odisha. That is a policy of equidistance, and going it alone has served us well in the past.''' ,'''Federalism is an intrinsic part of our constitutional set-up.''' ,'''Biju Babu lives in the hearts of millions of Oriyas. Our party has been named after him. People expect us to carry forward the unfinished task that Biju Babu has left for us.''' ,'''I don't have a problem with the Centre sanctioning funds to any state. However, when this is done for narrow political considerations, it damages the federal fabric mandated by the Constitution.''' ,'''Orissa is cursed by the two tragic extremes of drought and famine.''' ,'''I am quite fluent in Odiya. I understand the people of Odisha, and they understand me.''' ,'''I think political parties can be funded in a perfectly rational way without being corrupt.''' ,'''Dhamra Port is a model of modern maritime trade in Odisha and a successful example of public-private partnership.''' ,'''I really don't think of power. I think more of service to the people of my state.''' ,'''Development of Kendrapada is now my responsibility. I will personally monitor development of the district.''' ,'''There is a great deal of reward when you do good work and people see how successful that work is and the happiness it brings to them.''' ,'''After 2014, a number of my friends from Delhi rang up very concerned because they thought I was in bad health. But my health has always been good, and I told them so. They told me that this is what Baijayant Panda was spreading. This was a shock.''' ,'''If you succeed in doing something good for the people, it gives you a great sense of satisfaction.''' ,'''My action against corruption has been well acclaimed by the people of Orissa.''' ,'''My interest as a regional party is to support, or try and support, whichever party fulfils the aspirations of Odisha.''' ,'''Rising fuel prices, growing agrarian distress, and unemployment are the three major issues to dominate the 2019 general elections.''' ,'''I had no great love for the trappings of power.''' ,'''International carriers need to be given greater role in our skies on all routes like several other large countries to make our aviation industry more efficient and competitive and prevent arbitrary pricing by monopolies.''' ,'''We knew that Father was loved in Orissa. But the ocean of emotion that greeted us on his death was an eye-opener.''' ,'''Vajpayeeji's time was a time of mutual respect and understanding, irrespective of how small or big a party you are. In fact, Vajpayeeji's handling of a coalition is something of a benchmark in world politics.''' ,'''The women of Odisha will lead the way in women empowerment in India.''' ,'''My father did not groom us for politics. I took the plunge because I wanted to carry on his work in his constituency.''' ,'''I face no problem in communicating with the people of Orissa whom I meet everyday.''' ,'''The Beatles were here in the 1960s, with their wives, at the Maharshi's ashram. And they wanted my advice on various matters in India.''' ,'''The love and affection of the people of Odisha continues to inspire me every day.''' ,'''Why do politicians and bureaucrats get salaries and perks from the pockets of the poor and do nothing for them? So I took action against the corrupt and the lazy.''' ,'''People of our State know the commitment and sincerity with which my Government deals with issues concerning the State, including Left wing extremism.''' ,'''Odisha is a peaceful state; the people will not stand for violence in a democracy.''' ,'''I think regional parties are very important if they fulfil regional aspirations.''' ,'''I can tolerate anything but corruption and nepotism.''' ,'''The people of Gujarat were always more prosperous than most other states. It is the people of Gujarat who should be given credit for the development of Gujarat.''' ,'''Odisha faces natural calamities almost every year. The assistance we get from the Centre is mostly for temporary restoration of infrastructure. We have to spend a lot from state's own funds to work for the long-term. This puts too much stress on our finances. Precisely for this reason, Odisha should be considered for special category status.''' ,'''I am very grateful to the MLAs for unanimously electing me as the BJD legislature party leader.''' ,'''I think everyone should be concerned about people's sensitivities and feelings.''' ,'''Democracy should not work on the basis of personalities.''' ,'''I would like to express my deep gratitude to the people of Bijepur Assembly constituency for having showered their blessings on the BJD.''' ,'''I get maximum satisfaction in seeing the happiness of poor people.''' ,'''I come from a secular background.''' ,'''I do think a healthy opposition is very necessary in a democracy.''' ,'''I know people voted for me only in my father's name.''' ,'''As far as reading is concerned, I like historical and political books and works of art.''' ,'''Dynastic rule is when you are groomed to succeed. My father never groomed me to take over.''' ,'''My father used to say that you haven't learnt anything about politics unless you've been out of power for at least 10 years. That's why I am certain I am here to stay.''' ,'''I think what is important is that my work speaks for itself.''' ,'''I was never in politics before I contested the Lok Sabha by-elections after my father's death.''' ,'''If India is to lead the world, if India is to be an advanced nation like America and China, then women empowerment is the only answer.''' ,'''I am committed and content to work for the people of Odisha. I have no national ambitions whatsoever.''' ,'''We've always tried to run a transparent and honest government.''' ,'''Centre supports Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh in Polavaram and Mahanadi cases. They are sidelining the interests of Odisha.''' ,'''My party will not be with any BJP or Congress-led government.''' ,'''In the past, due to faulty economic policies like freight equalisation, resource-rich states like Odisha have suffered from the discriminatory policies of the Centre.''' ,'''Empowerment of women is the empowerment of the nation. No household, no society, no state, no country has ever moved forward without empowering its women.''' ,'''I have fielded mothers, whose empowerment can bring the real double engine growth.''' ,'''I have inherited my father's responsibilities, not privileges. One of the members of his family had to continue his legacy of social responsibility.''' ,'''Modi doesn't seem to be interested in Odisha. I certainly feel that.''' ,'''The four and half crore of people in Odisha are my family, and I will serve them till the last breath.''' ,'''I believe that investment in sports is investment in youth. And that, in turn, is investment in the future.''' ,'''Sometimes the energy of the crowd also catches on to you.''' ,'''I think of Mr Modi as a very hard-working person.''' ,'''My health has never been an issue.''' ,'''I don't have time to think about my pre-politics days. I am so very busy.''' ,'''During the launch of the 'Ama Gaon, Ama Bikash' scheme, I directly spoke to women representatives from the interior villages of Sambalpur and Narayanpatna. From the way the women explained the issues pertaining to their villages and their collective needs, I understood that women empowerment has reached even the grassroots of the democratic setup.''' ,'''Millets are an integral part of tribal life and a staple diet of tribals of Odisha since time immemorial.''' ,'''The Union government can do a lot more for poor states like Orissa.''' ,'''I may be inexperienced, but at least I come with a clean heart and a clean slate.''' ,'''Vajpayee had a much bigger stature than Mr Modi. He knew how to run a coalition government very successfully.''' ,'''When I took over in 2000, Odisha was in a terrible financial state due to various policies, some of them unpopular.''' ,'''The aim of my government is to set up an industrial park at Dhamra. It will bring more investments to the state.''' ,'''Where is special category status? Where is women's reservation bill? Where is the farmers' insurance? Why did Odisha not receive any cooperation and help from the Centre?''' ,'''Aska is going to create history and show the way to the entire country by sending a member of women SHG to Parliament and four women members to the state assembly.''' ,'''To empower the women in rural areas, we have started something called Mission Shakti.''' ,'''We are a regional party, and our interests are for the people of Odisha.''' ,'''One should do what is good for the country.''' ,'''I think it is commonplace for parties to change candidates and reshuffle ministries to bring in new faces.''' ,'''My government's pro-women initiatives, starting from Mission Shakti to Mamata, along with 50% reservations for women in the panchayat and urban local body polls have helped empower women in political, social, and economic spheres.''' ,'''I am happy to announce that to provide remunerative price to millets-growing farmers and to improve the nutritional security, state government will procure millets and utilize them in government schemes.''' ,'''History will remember the UPA-II government for its numerous scandals, scams, and corruption, probably the maximum number ever.''' ,]
+++