+++
author = "Katherine Mcnamara"
title = "Katherine Mcnamara Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Katherine Mcnamara Quotes"
keywords = "katherine mcnamara,katherine mcnamara quotes,katherine mcnamara quote,katherine mcnamara sayings,katherine mcnamara saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I credit Kansas City with my work ethic and learning from the amazing artists that are in that town.''' ,'''I have nothing against Dylan O'Brien! He's one of my favorite people. I have so much respect for him and his work.''' ,'''Girl Up gives girls an opportunity and gives them a platform and starting point through which they can take it and run with it and help give girls the opportunity to have the freedom, independence and the ability to get an education.''' ,'''Women are tough, but sometimes women present toughness in different ways.''' ,'''I feel so fortunate to have grown up in a town like Kansas City that has such a vibrant theater community.''' ,'''I'll never stop acting, but music is another passion of mine. I just love creating projects in the entertainment field and performing onstage or in front of a camera.''' ,'''My two best friends, they love amusement parks. They are such roller-coaster daredevils, and they drag me on every single roller coaster they can find. Some of my favorite experiences have been when they've taken me to Disneyland or Six Flags or Universal.''' ,'''I've always been a huge proponent for education; I graduated high school at 14 years old and graduated college at 17 years old.''' ,'''A lot of times on our show, 'Shadowhunters,' we have excuses to dawn some kind of sexy black leather attire under the excuse that we're going to fight demons, but it's all part of the tone of the piece and the tone of the story.''' ,'''I was a kid who would try anything, and I said, 'Sure, I'll try theater - sounds like fun.'''' ,'''I'm always going back to New York for Broadway workshops or reading. So I always keep my foot in the door: I'm always on the lookout for the next Broadway show.''' ,'''Women are tough; women are resilient and have an undying hope.''' ,'''When I was little, I always wanted to grow up to be like Jessalyn Kincaid and Vanessa Severo. They showed me how much joy performing can give you.''' ,'''Remember to reach for the stars, and they won't be able to resist flying into your hands!''' ,'''I'd love to do an action film. I'd love to do a film based on a book series; I love to read the book and then go see the movie. I'd love to have a show on Disney; I love working for them. And I'm also working on getting some new music out of my own.''' ,'''When you read something, it's a movie in your mind and such a personal experience. What we're trying to do is to bring a consensus version of that to life and make as many people happy as we can.''' ,'''Guys and girls can be friends without having to date!''' ,'''It's okay to have fear - we're all human; it happens - but in facing your fears, you can really open yourself up to things you never thought possible.''' ,'''Most of my work has been in L.A. or booked in L.A. and shot on location.''' ,'''I've had the opportunity to work on some really great indie features. One of them being 'Little Savages,' which is a super fun family film.''' ,'''My grandfather used to be a dentist, and he made me these retainers that have vampire teeth on them.''' ,'''When I'm not on set, I'm in the studio.''' ,'''A woman can be demure, lady-like and the most prim and proper character, and still have a toughness and resiliency as apparent as a superhero-type female character or a warrior or soldier type. It's all about the story, the character, and the course of events in that piece of work and how that character is presented.''' ,'''In Bulgaria, they use the Cyrillic alphabet, which is completely different from ours. You can't sound the words out, so you can't read street signs or packages in the grocery store! You have to rely on pictures and guesses.''' ,'''Girl power to me means being brave enough to take that first step and to speak out and be yourself.''' ,'''I remember walking onstage in the first performance, and something hit me like a brick wall, and I just knew at that moment that this is something I had to do for the rest of my life, and I've never looked back.''' ,'''I see each project as an opportunity to grow as a person and as an actor.''' ,'''Up until I was about 12, I was a ballet dancer and a basketball player.''' ,]
+++