+++
author = "Tony Todd"
title = "Tony Todd Quotes"
quotes_len = "72"
description = "the best 72 Tony Todd Quotes"
keywords = "tony todd,tony todd quotes,tony todd quote,tony todd sayings,tony todd saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Although we're all in this to make a living, why not make something to make an impact? One day, I'll make a horror film. I think I know what the audience wants.''' ,'''I tried the swimming team, but nobody came to the matches. But they did show up for the plays.''' ,'''It's like going back home... It really is a family on '24.'''' ,'''Dude, I've played almost every position except for President. When I did 'The Event,' I was head of the CIA. When I did 'Chuck,' I was head of the NSA. For a guy that's a hippie at heart, I don't know where they think of this.''' ,'''I was going to Hartford High School and when the theater bug hit, it hit hard and it saved my life. It gave me focus, direction and purpose.''' ,'''Everybody loves a horror story because it's a roller coaster ride -you wait for the slow ride to the top then speed down with all the bumps, twists and turns.''' ,'''One of the things that motion capture and/or voice acting does is allow you to continue your career, change it, or bring a new aspect to it.''' ,'''It's not like I wakeup everyday and say, 'You know what, I need to do a horror film.' Statistically it's only like forty percent of my output but it's a great ride and the fan base is really dedicated and that's always cool. When you're lucky enough to be in a good one it's fantastic.''' ,'''All of my contemporaries in L.A. are all graduates of either Yale, Julliard, Trinity. The best of the bunch come from that.''' ,'''I'm also a blues musician, and all blues artists can trace their pain to the slavery fields of the Mississippi Delta.''' ,'''With film sometimes you're thrown in there and you literally hit the ground running, taking your best shot and just leave it up to the editing.''' ,'''I almost did 'Doctor Strange.' I went in to do a session to play Dormammu.''' ,'''I like critical failures. It makes you work harder.''' ,'''There was a period where I did do a lot of television, but the luck of the draw worked in my favour, as they were all shows that were either fan-favourites or cultist things.''' ,'''But you have to be told you're special first before you believe it yourself. I was first told I was special by my aunt. The second person was my scoutmaster.''' ,'''My love is the theater.''' ,'''Duane Jones is a personal hero of mine.''' ,'''People who come through television, if they don't get distracted, they learn how to shoot fast. They don't get shocked. And if they know how to adjust to that and they think outside the box, then they'll be fine.''' ,'''I've played four roles on 'Star Trek.' My favorite episode was 'The Visitor' on 'Deep Space Nine.'''' ,'''I collect Gottlieb games, and I play classic pinball.''' ,'''But 'Hatchet' I only had one day on it. You know, one scene, which I had fun doing. I enjoyed watching it.''' ,'''I'm ready to go up to the Danny Glover level.''' ,'''I had a great childhood. My priorities were straight.''' ,'''My first assignment was a curtain-puller for 'The Curious Savage.'''' ,'''I was raised by my aunt and we bonded over the eight-o-clock movie on TV. We'd watch everything from James Cagney in 'White Heat' to Lon Chaney in 'The Wolf Man' and every Bogart movie.''' ,'''It's weird how your friends chart things. First it's, 'When are you going to get a job?' Then as soon as things started to happen, it's, 'We're proud of you. You represent us.'''' ,'''I think you have a responsibility as an artist to continually reach a hand out and try and inspire people.''' ,'''But my career's so much deeper than just horror.''' ,'''In my mind, I'm not scary at all. I'm channeling my inner Cary Grant!''' ,'''Sunset Boulevard' is my favorite film.''' ,'''I love film noir, so Billy Wilder is like my favorite director of all time.''' ,'''Working on 'Candyman' in Chicago was probably the - I absolutely love this city, this city is so funky.''' ,'''When Michael Bay called me, I'd worked with him before on 'The Rock,' and he called me and said, 'Tony, I might have something for you.' I said, 'Okay, you haven't called me in ten years!' He said, 'I've been busy!' I said, 'I've been busy too Michael, glad we could make our schedules match!'''' ,'''I've worked with directors who have done it too much, particularly in television, you know, 'okay we got it, let's move on, next setup.' 'Well what about, we could maybe investigate?' 'Mmm... no, let's go.'''' ,'''I only do television if it's something really good like '24.'''' ,'''As far as 'Final Destination' and its creator, Jeffrey Reddick, are concerned, whenever Jeffrey calls, because of our friendship, I have to listen.''' ,'''I think people are getting more and more - unfortunately - inured to violence. People are like, less sensitive to things they should wake up about.''' ,'''True story - When 'Candyman' first came out, my daughter and I were Christmas shopping, and people were harassing us. Finally my daughter puts down her shopping bag and said 'That's not Candyman! That's my dad!' I will never forget that, because that's when we really bonded.''' ,'''Actors are a funny lot. Sometimes they're not satisfied with where they are. I include myself.''' ,'''I was a 'Trekkie' growing up.''' ,'''The black community has always been a fan of horror films, but in terms of the participants, they've been few and far between.''' ,'''I get sent horror scripts every week and most of them are putrid. A lot of people think it's an easy medium but it's not. Not if you want to make ones that last.''' ,'''Worth' was a script that was sent to me, and I felt it was something different and important to do.''' ,'''Yes, I would like to be involved in something that would hopefully be a blockbuster, but I'm interested in seeing new filmmakers telling new stories and to able to help them do that.''' ,'''Voiceover is probably the toughest of all the markets to get into. Everybody wants to do it because it's again three to five hours work. You can roll in there with your bedroom slippers and robe on if you wanted to. And it's fun.''' ,'''The ability to be frightening with stillness is what appeals to me.''' ,'''I grew up on video games. When I was in college, even during snowstorms, I would go the half-mile to the drugstore to play 'Millipede.'''' ,'''The work I did with Artists Collective led me to a scholarship at Uconn... It led to me getting a scholarship at the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center and a scholarship at Trinity Rep in Providence.''' ,'''I wish I could do a black and white film.''' ,'''Even if you do a great performance, if you have a weak link in the film, that's all anyone remembers.''' ,'''I hustled my way through college playing pinball.''' ,'''October's a busy month for me. I usually find myself working but I also try to do one or two conventions in that period. Then whatever city I'm in, they want to drag me to their local horror theme park.''' ,'''I can't speak to what makes people think that I'm scary.''' ,'''I remember my first professional paycheck. I couldn't keep it as a memento because I needed the money, but I have kept some of the residuals that I get. I got one the other day that was for two cents. I might put that in a frame.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of advertising during sports events.''' ,'''I remember watching 'Abbott and Costello vs Frankenstein' continuously as a kid and being amazed that my horror legends were making a comedy.''' ,'''Whenever I can make it work out, and schedule permitting, I like to help young filmmakers.''' ,'''Whenever I do something, particularly if it's a cameo, I make sure that I have a backstory written out so that I can talk to the director intelligent and try to communicate a three-dimensional character.''' ,'''When I was a kid I really loved Humphrey Bogart. But when I was in theater school, Robert DeNiro was my go-to guy.''' ,'''I grew up a single kid and so my whole childhood was spent in my backyard dealing with imaginary circumstances and role playing and stuff.''' ,'''I'm just happy that as an African-American man, that 'Candyman' has once again been given the nod to enter people's consciousness.''' ,'''But the people who give me the best reality check are my children.''' ,'''When you do a good theatrical production, sometimes you dream about that 8 o'clock curtain call for six months.''' ,'''Dude, I've been a gamer ever since Intellivision.''' ,'''So I grew up watching film noir, you know the classic stuff. William Holden, Richard Widmark, Robert Mitchum, all those.''' ,'''Everything that's worth making has to involve some sort of pain.''' ,'''Thank God for voiceover work.''' ,'''You know early on when you're given a gift that can keep you sane. That's what acting does for me. It keeps me honest and keeps me sane.''' ,'''I grew up a poor kid to a single mom, so as an African-American actor I have a responsibility to hold the mirror up and reflect our stories. I'm living the dream and also escaped the inevitable.''' ,'''Most actors do that. They fill in the blanks. You don't want to play a cipher.''' ,'''Chicago's a great city for filming. The city is so rich architecturally. I think that's part of what made 'Candyman' special.''' ,'''I did a film in Nairobi, Kenya called 'The Last Elephant,' with John Lithgow, Isabella Rosallini, and James Earl Jones. So I was in seventh heaven, alright? About a year later I get a call from my agent and he says they want to see you for this project called Candyman. I thought he was joking so I hung up.''' ,]
+++