+++
author = "John Kricfalusi"
title = "John Kricfalusi Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 John Kricfalusi Quotes"
keywords = "john kricfalusi,john kricfalusi quotes,john kricfalusi quote,john kricfalusi sayings,john kricfalusi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Mel Blanc has been gone for 30 years, even though he's still around.''' ,'''The generic Canadian style of illustration is different from the generic American style.''' ,'''One guy records the voices, another guy times the storyboard, another guy times the sheets, one guy is the story editor. All these jobs should be covered by the director.''' ,'''From 20 years of experience hiring artists out of the schools, I know-they get worse every year. They're absolutely ridiculously retarded now.''' ,'''My intended audience was everybody. I just want to make cartoons for human beings.''' ,'''Cartoonists are untrained artists, while illustrators are more trained.''' ,'''George Liquor is really the richest character I have. I'm amazed there aren't 365 episodes about him on TV already.''' ,'''Schools are really bad now. Schools are not only bad in reading, writing and arithmetic, they're worse in cultural aspects, like in music and art. They don't teach you anything.''' ,'''Kids cannot follow stories. They don't know what the hell is going on in a cartoon. They like to see funny visual things happening.''' ,'''There's tons of people with talent; it's the system that's all screwed up.''' ,'''You buy any book on color theory today, and it's just complete poppycock. Everybody comes out of school painting pink, purple and green. The whole damn cartoon industry has pink purple and green on their mind.''' ,'''In old movies, the cinematography is a thousand times better than anything today. Writing, a thousand times better.''' ,'''As soon as I found out how compartmentalized the industry was, I realized, Well, no wonder the cartoons are so bad.''' ,'''All artists get better with age. The more you draw, the better you're going to get.''' ,'''I don t think cartoons are only for kids, but I think kids will love anything as long as it's visually interesting.''' ,'''I influenced the BG style by not being able to draw perspective. The BG artists developed cool graphic painting styles to make my bad backgrounds look like they were that way on purpose.''' ,'''Open a magazine from the 1930s and '40s and look at the illustrations in it. There's nobody alive that could touch the way they could draw back then.''' ,'''Joe Barbera's s always complaining that he can't get humor into cartoons anymore. Just do it. You've got your money. Why do they let the networks run their lives?''' ,'''I find it very hard to sit down and create an idea or especially a new character on command. Usually my characters evolve by accident out of some story context.''' ,'''If you're a kid wanting to be a cartoonist today, and you're looking at Family Guy, you don't have to aim very high.''' ,'''The only character I ever remember actually creating in a flash of inspiration was George Liquor. God planted that in my head in an instant.''' ,'''To make something look real and alive, nothing can be symmetrical because nothing in real life is symmetrical. You have to make it look organic.''' ,'''My style is very strong poses and expressions.''' ,'''Not very many people can draw who are illustrators today.''' ,'''You can draw Family Guy when you're 10 years old. You don't have to get any better than that to become a professional cartoonist. The standards are extremely low.''' ,'''The storyboard department doesn't talk to the layout department, which doesn't talk to the writing department. They're all jealous of each other.''' ,'''Most cartoons are those colors. They have been for 35 years.''' ,'''I'll let you in on a secret: I can't stand Jay Ward. I hate being compared to Rocky and Bullwinkle. It's just a different style of humor.''' ,]
+++