+++
author = "Scarface"
title = "Scarface Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Scarface Quotes"
keywords = "scarface,scarface quotes,scarface quote,scarface sayings,scarface saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've seen a lot of artists fall out with their labels and be irrelevant when they come back.''' ,'''I remember my uncle used to work pouring concrete and as a plumber. Now, I don't see uncles working as plumbers or pouring concrete no more. Let's open up some trades for these youngsters that are getting out of school that are not gonna go to college.''' ,'''I don't like the lip-syncing-type videos. I like for people to listen to the words and see the visual.''' ,'''I want to be the best in what I do, just like everybody else.''' ,'''I think that my favorite album has to be 'The Fix' because I was in a very comfortable place. Mentally, financially... I was in a great place. Def Jam really took care of me, Lyor Cohen took care of me and that's why that great. Kanye West was just starting off and being the great producer that he is - it came out incredible.''' ,'''I really believe that God spared me, and I'm thankful for that. Imagine if I would've died when I was seven, 12 years old.''' ,'''If you listen to my music then you've been all through District D. That's the South Side of Houston, Texas. That's where I was born and raised.''' ,'''Jay Prince was instrumental in everything that came out of Rap-a-Lot, especially anything that had to do with the Geto Boys or Scarface.''' ,'''America has that agenda, a White supremacist agenda.''' ,'''I love Stanley Clark. I love George Duke and Stanley Clark.''' ,'''I'm in Houston on the golf course doing 18 holes every day that I don't have to work or it rains.''' ,'''I play golf every day if I can, but it's not fun and games for me.''' ,'''I know how I feel about my music and how passionate I am. I'm not a fly-by-night dude.''' ,'''My timing came from Funkadelic, definitely.''' ,'''I was raised with the idea that I was born dying. That with every breath you take, you get closer to your last. It's something I've always known.''' ,'''Girls are really resentful to their fathers when they don't get a chance to spend time with them, but now that my daughter knows everything I say damn near will come true or damn near is what it is, she loves me for that, she respects me for it, and I feel the same way with her.''' ,'''I feel like music should be recycled. You take what you get from whoever you get it from, and you put you in it.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you never put your hands on a woman under any circumstances.''' ,'''I don't feel like I'm important enough to do a damn biopic, like who would want to see that?''' ,'''In order to be a great, you gotta be among the greats.''' ,'''I would spend a lot of time alone. I'd go in my room at my mom's house and not come out for weeks, just trying to find me. And I didn't always like what I found.''' ,'''I never want to make my music sound like what someone else is doing. That's not my thing.''' ,'''I've always been infatuated with death. I'm drawn to the permanence of it and the unknown.''' ,'''If you notice the videos I been shooting in the past, it's always been relevant to what's going on. It's always been a different look for rap as far as I'm concerned.''' ,'''I've learned from the best. I've had the best teachers in the game.''' ,'''I grew up in a band, I play everything.''' ,'''Every time I'm out on the road, everywhere I go, somebody got a demo for me.''' ,'''I want to be a scratch golfer. And when I'm 50, I want to play on the Senior PGA Tour.''' ,'''I think one man, one vote. One woman, one vote. But it doesn't work like that. It's not cool.''' ,'''I pay serious attention to new artists. I pay attention to dope artists.''' ,'''Rap was an outlet for me to express myself. Nobody was trying to hear no R&B/Funk band from East Houston, so I guess I would rap.''' ,'''I don't know what's so disappointing about being alive, but I will say that the longer I'm alive, the more I appreciate not dying.''' ,'''I grew up listening to great music that molded my character and my artistry, that helped me.''' ,'''Jay Prince is a real gangster. He ain't hiding behind a desk talking. He is the true living definition of what a gangster is. If you wanna see the truth and what gangster really is, that's what Jay Prince is.''' ,'''You can sit back and point out the problems or you can address them and bring solutions to the table.''' ,'''I think you have to grow up in anything you do. Not grow up, but you've gotta grow with your fanbase. I think that's the secret of what music is.''' ,'''Scarface is just a character. He's just something to look at. He's not nothing to be.''' ,'''You can't walk into Wal-Mart and just walk out with a TV - you can't just download a TV. So don't go and download the Jadakiss album without paying for it. It cost money to make that album, dude.''' ,'''My responsibility is to feed my family. My responsibility is to support myself.''' ,'''I used to call Kanye, Kanye pick up on the first ring, now Kanye don't even got no phone, that's how much times have changed.''' ,'''Pac never had a license. He would mysteriously pop up with all these cars like, 'Get in. We're goin' to jail!' I ain't going nowhere with you.''' ,'''Coldplay was big for me in the 2000s. 'Parachutes' was a good album.''' ,'''I just wanted to impress the guys in the neighborhood that I grew up with.''' ,'''I play as many instruments as Prince, and I can write as many songs as him, but he'll be way better than me forever.''' ,'''I love the Velvet Underground, bro.''' ,'''Police are the enforcers of America's agenda.''' ,'''A Tribe Called Quest really made me want to rap.''' ,'''I'm a bred musician - this is generational. For me to just limit myself to rapping is a discredit to my bloodline.''' ,'''You never know what's next for me. I might go into making one of them rock bands.''' ,'''When I was 5, 'American Bandstand' had a lot of good artists on there, man. That's when I really started falling in love with the jams: Gladys Knight & the Pips, Patti LaBelle, Bootsy Collins, Parliament.''' ,'''Don't label me before we get a chance to talk about it. Talk to me first and see what kind of person I am. That's what I like to tell the media: Come talk to me, let's sit down and talk about what's really going on.''' ,'''I never really wanted to write a book in the first place. Never intended to do such. I feel like I wasted a lot of my life, so I didn't feel like it was worthy of a book.''' ,'''My first love was rock and funk. Rap was an accident.''' ,'''At first, we knew what was going on in Compton by the music that we heard. We knew what was going on in Chicago by the music that we made. We knew what was going on in Houston by the music that was going on in Houston.''' ,'''I just want to make sure I hold up my end of the bargain. My commitment is to the people that listen to my music.''' ,'''In my case, I'm kind of set in my ways, I love to be me.''' ,'''I love golf for the challenge in it. That's the only sport I know that you can do the same thing over and over and over and over and expect different results.''' ,'''I think my deepness came from Pink Floyd. And Jimi Hendrix was my idol. I always wanted to be like him.''' ,'''People called me Scarface cause I gave them a reason to.''' ,'''Contractual obligations may not allow it, but that's a big dream of mine, to be able to make an album with a rock band.''' ,'''I had to learn how to eat to live and not live to eat.''' ,'''Golf is the best game that you'll never learn how to play.''' ,'''You know what, if Rick Rubin would produce another Geto Boys album I'd do it.''' ,'''I had it all: congestive heart failure, malignant high blood pressure, kidney damage, enlarged heart, sleep apnea, borderline diabetic, etc.''' ,'''I think that the music that I listened to turned me into the artist that I am.''' ,'''I don't want people to follow Scarface. I want people to follow Brad Jordan, man.''' ,'''I wanted to make music for my people that I grew up with in my neighborhood. That's kind of the long and the short of that whole 'Diary' album.''' ,'''We all know that I failed as a parent. I'll be a way better grandparent than I was a parent, and that's how I would rather leave that.''' ,'''I like to mind my business when it comes to other people's business, especially when it comes to beef.''' ,'''There are so many other rappers that's way better than me. I'm in agreement with that.''' ,'''Whoever you are, you have to be that. You know? I was always who I was. I never changed, I never switched.''' ,'''My marriage to music came from KISS.''' ,'''There are a lot of hip-hoppers who play golf.''' ,'''Music, that's my passion. That's what I love.''' ,'''My cousin is Johnny Nash, 'I Can See Clearly Now' Johnny Nash. So I know what to do just by watching what he did. He had a brilliant career. He wrote one of the biggest songs in music history.''' ,'''I spent a lot of time in hospitals for depression.''' ,'''Listening to my records, you feel one way about it when you hear it, but reading my words - that makes us a little bit more intimate.''' ,'''I don't want to be put in a position where I have to make records for anybody other than me.''' ,'''I'm serious about golf.''' ,'''That's my passion. To make sure everybody is treated equally. To make sure we get equal justice. To make sure that everybody is on the same level playing field.''' ,'''I don't feel like I have to fit in. I don't even feel like I even should fit in. I feel like I should just do.''' ,'''I never looked at it like I'm one of the most respected, but I always tried to stay to who I was. The way that I am in my music is the way that I am. I'm just not tryna portray nobody but Brad, period!''' ,'''The game of golf slows the whole world down and gives you time to think. Inner-city kids could learn a lot about patience.''' ,'''I'm a musician, first and foremost.''' ,'''The more negative hype we get, the more records we sell, know what I'm saying?''' ,'''I don't like any of the Geto Boys albums at all. Not one. There isn't a Geto Boys album that I like. I didn't learn anything from it, and it was a bad time in life for me too. With the label, with life, whatever... it's a point in my life where I was the most miserable.''' ,'''I was straight listening to rap at 15: LL Cool J, the Skinny Boys, Whistle, UTFO. And Run-D.M.C.'s debut was at the top of my list.''' ,'''It's always been my time. I'm a musician, and musicians are time-less.''' ,'''Sweet Jane' is my favorite song by Lou Reed the writer, at least the Velvet Underground Lou Reed.''' ,'''I'm always gonna be a part of the industry. I may just not be a part of the music industry as Scarface.''' ,'''Mind Playing Tricks on Me' or 'Mind of a Lunatic' were great songs. As far as my favorite Geto Boys album? None of them impress me.''' ,'''I don't call my music 'gangsta rap.' I call my music reality, something that really happened, something that has really happened, something that will really happen, something that could really happen. It ain't nothing that I'm making up; I think that's why people listen to it.''' ,'''Emeritus' was supposed to be my last album, but things change.''' ,'''I like A$AP Rocky, because I think he's really brilliant.''' ,'''Growing up, I got a chance to witness a lot of struggle in my neighborhood. A lot of people struggled, myself included. As I got older I noticed that there was still a lot of struggling going on.''' ,'''I was still in high school when my career started.''' ,'''It's a lot of people who can perform, but they can't write. And it's a lot of people that can write that can't perform.''' ,'''I love 'Pac to death man but let that man rest.''' ,'''I fought COVID double bilateral pneumonia - both lungs - and kidney failure in my house.''' ,'''I'm one of the best producers, one of the best singers. You hear me? I'm not just one of the best rappers. I'm one of the greatest ever.''' ,]
+++