+++
author = "John Witherspoon"
title = "John Witherspoon Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 John Witherspoon Quotes"
keywords = "john witherspoon,john witherspoon quotes,john witherspoon quote,john witherspoon sayings,john witherspoon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I hit the lotto, I would be nowhere near the road. But I got bills to pay.''' ,'''Being on the toilet stool is the grossest thing there is, to me.''' ,'''I didn't change my voice for 'The Boondocks.'''' ,'''St. Louis is an excellent city.''' ,'''If something is too risque, don't watch it.''' ,'''There's a real outcry out there for 'The Boondocks.'''' ,'''The kids of America, please get a damn job. Get out of the house, leave the refrigerator alone. Stop wearing my shoes. Leave my shirts alone, get a job. Spend your own money.''' ,'''When you're poor, an egg sandwich is dinner and you cut your potatoes with a butter knife.''' ,'''I am old-school.''' ,'''I'm every father. I'm not only a black father. I'm a white father. I'm a Chinese father. I'm a Mexican father. I'm all fathers that want their sons out of the house and stop eating up all the food. Get a job, please. Stop looking at the TV.''' ,'''When you're hungry, everything tastes good.''' ,'''In 'Boomerang,' they didn't have a script at all, they just told me to come up with some stuff.''' ,'''I'm sick of all these boring cooking shows.''' ,'''When we did 'Boomerang,' which is one of my favorite scenes, the whole dinner scene was ad-libbed.''' ,'''That's my father's theme. Get up in the morning, 'hello, Dad.' 'Get a job, leave the food alone... Who took my car?' America, you young kids, get a job. All that sagging, the clothes hanging behind, that ain't nothing. Get a job. You want to be somebody, get a job.''' ,'''The word got out that I can ad-lib very well.''' ,'''I am cantankerous.''' ,'''I always tell comics you got to hang with your stand-up.''' ,'''My father was a preacher so I wouldn't sing at all when he was around, but as soon as he locked the door, 'La la la.'''' ,]
+++