+++
author = "Lana"
title = "Lana Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Lana Quotes"
keywords = "lana,lana quotes,lana quote,lana sayings,lana saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Oh my gosh, I was so nervous at Wrestlemania when I debuted. I never had a live match ever. I'd had practice matches, but a practice match in front of no one is very different from a real match.''' ,'''With WWE, I got this audition and thought there was no way that I was going to actually get the job. They were doing the WWE Diva Search at the time, and I didn't think I would get the job because I wasn't a wrestler.''' ,'''There are so many things I'm so proud of: if we're talking just in-ring stuff, participating in the first-ever women's royal rumble. I was so grateful to be a part of history. I never thought there would be an all-women's royal rumble.''' ,'''People love a good scandal. We love a good freakin' scandal and a good soap opera.''' ,'''As a villain or a superhero, as a good guy or a bad guy, I think I can do, at this point, 'Okay, whatever you need boss. Is this what you need? Great, I will grab the brass ring doing it.'''' ,'''I grew up in Russia. I grew up in Latvia, to be exact.''' ,'''I'm not perfect; I make mistakes all the time. All I can do is to try my best to learn from my mistakes, take responsibility for them, and do a better job tomorrow.''' ,'''If people know anything about Russians, we do things really over the top. We wear high heels everywhere. We show up in the most extravagant outfits. I am just embodying how I was raised and what I grew up in. Some people might think we're extra; I just think we're ravishing.''' ,'''I am so, so, so grateful that I am going to be a part of the first-ever Women's Royal Rumble.''' ,'''I think 'Total Divas' has brought the women more mainstream and so many opportunities. However, I've always thought, if I'm supposed to be on the show, I'll be on the show. It's all about timing.''' ,'''I want to be a voice to young children and women and people of all ages to go for their dreams, to be resilient and have courage. Don't let fear motivate you. The American Dream says that all things are possible, and I genuinely believe that.''' ,'''Life is not always going to be roses and rainbows. You are going to have uncomfortable moments. It's what we do with those moments that is going to count and determine our destiny.''' ,'''Lana is 100 percent an extension of me, but just one side of me. I feel that's what I get really excited about because on 'Total Divas,' you are going to see other sides of me.''' ,'''When you're out there doing things, your adrenaline is rushing so much. But getting kicked in the face is never fun. There have been a lot of different painful things, but when you're kicked in the face or kneed in the face, it's not the most pleasant thing.''' ,'''I was notorious at NXT for having constant pitches and ideas. I was that girl who would come in every day to Dusty Rhodes with a 10-page pitch for characters and posters of character development.''' ,'''Even if it's in front of 200 people, I love wrestling so much that it doesn't matter the number. When you love what you do, it doesn't matter the amount of people.''' ,'''We went through this month camp, learning how to bump and hit the ropes. I just fell in love with WWE and sports entertainment. It was the perfect world of the merge in sports, action, acting, and entertainment. I felt like I finally found my place.''' ,'''I appreciate America as the land of opportunity. It's the land where you can see your dreams come true if you work hard. My parents are American.''' ,'''Even I doubt myself sometimes. I mean, there's days that I get down on myself, and I doubt myself.''' ,'''I always believe shooting for the stars, and at the very least, you can land on the moon.''' ,'''I can promise you this: I will be the greatest woman to ever enter WWE, and I will leave the greatest legacy that WWE has ever seen.''' ,'''I was always drawn to the more physical style of dancing. That is why I breakdance. I love the challenge. The adrenaline rush is there with that.''' ,'''I have been a professional dancer and athlete my entire life.''' ,'''That's what we do in WWE: we tell stories.''' ,'''I guess it's the Russian side of me that takes me a long time to get close to people.''' ,'''I love WWE so much. There is no greater love than the WWE Universe. I know we are in a love-hate relationship, but at least they feel passionate about me. They love me one second, then boo me the next. That's what I love about the WWE Universe.''' ,'''I've been a Rusev Day fan since before there was a Rusev Day. I feel like I was the forerunner of it all. I saw something in him before the WWE universe saw it in him, back when they were booing us for being patriotic to our countries.''' ,'''It was always a dream for me to do my debut match at WrestleMania, and people would laugh at me. People would laugh at me all the time for my crazy ideas.''' ,'''There is nothing more than the world to me than performing in front of the WWE Universe. So I would like to do it as long as I can. As long as they will have me.''' ,'''When I look at Stephanie McMahon's entire career, I'm always blown away at how she just moves your soul. Literally, my heart is moved by her. Either I hate her or love her - or love to hate her.''' ,'''I know I can fight. I know I have kicks that can destroy people. Just because I haven't gotten in the ring in my career, that doesn't mean I'm not capable of crushing people.''' ,'''So much of our life is dictated by our mindsets. So much of it! Of how we think, we shall become.''' ,'''I embody 'Ravishing.' I come out in the most ravishing dress. I have a ravishing entrance. I'm ravishing people's hearts.''' ,''''What About Bob' is my all-time favorite, and I think I've always been prone to comedy.''' ,'''I love the beach; I grew up on the Baltic Sea. I love the beach. I love the water. I love surfing and swimming.''' ,'''To me, when - just like when you watch a movie or you watch a TV show, to me, you know, Nicole Kidman or Leonardo DiCaprio, you know that they are actors, but also, great actors find that extension of themselves. So, when I walk through that curtain, I find the extension of myself of being the Ravishing Russian in there.''' ,'''I consider myself Russian-American because I'm American by ethnicity and by passport, but I spent all my forming years over in the former Soviet Union in a Russian school. I never went to an American school. There was a lot of culture shock when I moved back to the States when I was 17.''' ,'''I am a strong believer to follow your own path, no matter what people think.''' ,'''I do think I have more fun being a villain, definitely. It's just more fun to be a villain.''' ,'''There was a lot of prejudice towards Russians in Latvia. When I went to school, often Latvians didn't like me, and Russians and Latvians didn't like Americans, so that was a whole other prejudice.''' ,'''I love performing and entertaining, but what I want to really share is a stronger voice to the people and empower women to show that women and girls can do anything. Don't ever let your gender stop you from chasing dreams.''' ,'''I don't like telling people what my plans are, because I have big plans.''' ,'''Growing up, I wanted to be in WWE because of watching characters like Stephanie McMahon and Paul Heyman. They just are such incredible storytellers, such incredible, compelling characters.''' ,]
+++