+++
author = "Julie Bowen"
title = "Julie Bowen Quotes"
quotes_len = "48"
description = "the best 48 Julie Bowen Quotes"
keywords = "julie bowen,julie bowen quotes,julie bowen quote,julie bowen sayings,julie bowen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had many decades of me time and now I just don't have that anymore. There are days when I rail against it.''' ,'''I suffer the terrible disease of low self-esteem.''' ,'''People always tell me I have a lot of guy energy.''' ,'''I read books more than I go out. As a matter of fact, I get a little concerned about some of my anti-social habits. I will choose a night with Somerset Maugham or Russell Banks over a crowded bar any day.''' ,'''People are so easily impressed by running, but I run pretty frequently.''' ,'''As I have gotten older, I've discovered the joys of being lazy.''' ,'''There's an expression: Great is the enemy of the good. Sometimes in trying to be great, you make a mess of things.''' ,'''I play a scientist in a futuristic world in which 99% of the men have been wiped out. As a result, the women are nearly all homosexuals and the children are cloned.''' ,'''Children are like crazy, drunken small people in your house.''' ,'''I don't always run in the mornings, but I am definitely better if I run in the mornings.''' ,'''I have a big mouth.''' ,'''Women in Hollywood are tiny, but women in soap operas are the tiniest people alive!''' ,'''I do find it odd people choose to do stuff that makes them look like crazy Hollywood faces, but I've got zero judgment.''' ,'''I've had a little bad, bad media luck the new year. Well, apparently I'm dating Bill Clinton, which makes me nervous. I didn't know, though.''' ,'''I'm less comfortable in stilettos than I am in running shoes.''' ,'''I feel the most pulled together when I'm going for the tomboyish thing.''' ,'''I grew up playing field hockey and lacrosse - prep school sport - and I was terrible at them.''' ,'''My darling father gave me some decent getaway sticks - my legs are OK.''' ,'''My parents had an old-fashioned ideal of college, that four years at a liberal arts college should be a liberal arts education.''' ,'''You don't want people to suffer or get fat when they're pregnant.''' ,'''I consider a day without running a crappy day. When I don't get to run, I am a grump, but some days my schedule just doesn't allow me to.''' ,'''It was harder to get my driver's license than to get pregnant and give birth.''' ,'''I'm so not stylish by nature, but I've learned to work with what I have.''' ,'''I've loved doing 'E.R.' for the quality of the writing and the great people I get to work with.''' ,'''I met Clinton at a benefit for teachers, which was a very good charity, but I met him for about 90 seconds, and I thought it was important to meet the leader of the free world. So I stood next to him for a photograph, and then apparently that's all it takes.''' ,'''I'm not in shape.''' ,'''I have three kids. I should know how to take care of them.''' ,'''Running was the first thing I discovered that I was any good at.''' ,'''I always come across sounding like I hate my children. I actually love them very much.''' ,'''I love my job.''' ,'''I would like to say that I am a very relaxed, loving person who is not competitive, but that's a lie!''' ,'''I would love to do more movies, but the reality is women have many more opportunities on television to play a greater variety of characters.''' ,'''I'm incredibly lucky.''' ,'''I've worn some ugly shoes.''' ,'''Sometimes good enough is good enough.''' ,'''I consider a day without running a crappy day.''' ,'''Immaculate conception is the only way another kid is coming out of me!''' ,'''As a matter of fact, I get a little concerned about some of my anti-social habits.''' ,'''I'm built like a 14-year-old boy. I have no waist, so anything I wear has to have a lot of trickeration going on. I don't fit into girl dresses. I can't just slip it on.''' ,'''I was class mom at the preschool one year and I was pretty much asked not to do that again!''' ,'''Television is where the best work for women is right now. I would love to do more movies, but the reality is women have many more opportunities on television to play a greater variety of characters.''' ,'''I just can't seem to make myself care about what I look like when I am working out.''' ,'''I guess I'm not that aware of such a big fan base. I have a few core people who write me no matter what I'm doing, but I hardly have sacks of mail being dropped on my door!''' ,'''I haven't really had that many opportunities to play 'lead' so I guess I jumped at the chance. I have also never done any 'sci-fi' projects and thought it might be fun.''' ,'''I read books more than I go out.''' ,'''Baltimore is a great place.''' ,'''I'm on a strict gossip diet. No gossip websites, no gossip magazines. Otherwise, I find it paralyzing to exist.''' ,'''It's a war of attrition. If you have patience and a modicum of faith in yourself your chances are not too bad.''' ,]
+++