+++
author = "Jennifer Sky"
title = "Jennifer Sky Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Jennifer Sky Quotes"
keywords = "jennifer sky,jennifer sky quotes,jennifer sky quote,jennifer sky sayings,jennifer sky saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I came on to the film with a very happy-go-lucky attitude which I think my character, Charlie, did when she went into the house. I expected it to be good, and then slowly things started to change for us all.''' ,'''I guess men like me - somebody out there must think I'm hot.''' ,'''The '80s were fabulous. The '90s sucked, and the '70s were just a sad, sad time in human history. Go 1980s! There's something that's just so cute about that time. And not just yellow nail polish and 'I'm a loner.'''' ,'''Growing up in Florida, it rained a lot, so we spent a lot of time indoors. I used to love Frogger. I got a lot of use out of that and Ms. Pac-man on my little Atari.''' ,'''I was big time into Barbie. I also had Wonder Woman Underoos that I really liked. I actually wore them as an outfit to school. As I said, I was a strange child.''' ,'''I had glasses and was kind of weird. A lot of actors are pretty weird people.''' ,'''I was very introverted. I had glasses and was kind of weird. A lot of actors are pretty weird people.''' ,'''I don't even like to show midriff - it's my characters who are always showing midriff.''' ,'''I just see myself as just an ordinary chick from Florida, not some beautiful woman.''' ,'''I was big time into Barbie.''' ,'''I'm not really very comfortable being hit on at all.''' ,'''I come from a TV background, so for me this more like doing a freeing theatre piece because we'd go into a room and do the scene, instead of doing it as a wide shot, medium shot, and close up with only the odd line of dialogue.''' ,'''I also had Wonder Woman Underoos that I really liked. I actually wore them as an outfit to school.''' ,]
+++