+++
author = "John De Lancie"
title = "John De Lancie Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 John De Lancie Quotes"
keywords = "john de lancie,john de lancie quotes,john de lancie quote,john de lancie sayings,john de lancie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The way you can see what an actor brings to a role is you turn the sound off. Everything else becomes subtext, the wink and the nod, and the attitude and all that kind of stuff is a little easier to see with the sound off.''' ,'''The best movie for me is a science fiction movie, the best books for me are science fiction books. I love this stuff.''' ,'''A lot of the time you find that elements of a character are brought out by the actors playing them.''' ,'''When I did finally get to the circus as an adult, I was very impressed by the trapeze artist. But, being 6 feet 3 inches and over 200 pounds, there was no way I could do a trapeze act. If I fell I'd take the catcher with me.''' ,'''Q was naughty, you know? He's naughty. He's not evil. He's not all good. He's sort of bad. You get to play him the way you role out of bed in the morning.''' ,'''I'd really like to think Picard and Q are each other's Jekyll and Hyde. That's an interesting way to look at their relationship, and it gives you a pretty good idea of who Q is.''' ,'''I'm sure Roddenberry in his wildest dreams never would have thought he would have gotten five TV series out of his idea.''' ,'''I watch all of the Q episodes. I just don't remember them after I've turned off the television.''' ,'''The thing about good acting is asking, how much are you going to reveal and when should you let the viewers' imagination take over?''' ,'''It was fans... who understood 'Star Trek' and brought it back to life. 'Hill Street Blues,' 'The Paper Chase,' and 'Til Fly Away' all got second chances... So did 'Gunsmoke' and 'Cheers.' It's very hard to change a network's mind, but it can be done.''' ,'''Being idly hanging around, and that's not good for an actor to do.''' ,'''I can only do Q when they ask me.''' ,'''It's not like I go around trying to imprint all the characters I play with Q.''' ,'''My first interaction with Gene was that after I auditioned I walked out of the room and then this big guy walks out with me, and he puts his hand on my shoulder and he says, 'You make my words sound better than they are.' And I said, 'Well, you must be the writer.' And he said 'I'm Gene Roddenberry.' And I had no idea who that was.''' ,'''Star Trek' ushered in the end of the Westerns. Then the canvas switched to the sci-fi canvas.''' ,'''When I did 'Farpoint,' I didn't even know I was going to do a second show, and the experience went on for seven years.''' ,'''Q is a terrific part.''' ,'''Q is one big stew that keeps on boiling.''' ,'''I'm not a fan of Fox News. They do more to pervert the truth in this country than most organizations that I know of.''' ,'''Before television, there was a piano in many homes in this country. People played instruments on an amateur level and because of that, they became informed amateurs. We've lost that.''' ,'''You have to risk to get ahead The person whos always hugging the tree trunk and never walking out onto the skinny branches will never succeed. Sometimes you have to walk out onto the skinny branches, and that means having goals, taking a risk.''' ,'''There's something inherently life-denying in television and radio and stuff that's canned.''' ,'''Actors need to be known for having done something, because the alternative isn't so good.''' ,'''I don't physically enjoy watching TV. I don't enjoy the commercials.''' ,''''Petrushka' was not conceived as a children's ballet, even though it involves puppets. We're on the outer limits of what's child-appropriate here.''' ,'''I've always been a Geographic fan, from as early as there was television.''' ,'''The part of television I like are things that have a documentary feel to them.''' ,'''I'm not a great 'Star Trek' fan, but I love science fiction.''' ,'''Our world has us always here. We will be here from now 'til the end of time... maybe not! And that's the scary part!''' ,''''War of the Worlds' was a goof delivered as news bulletins. It was the beginning of an erosion that now has us in trouble. We just don't know where to get the truth. It was a piece made 56 years ago with all good intentions that still abused the public's trust. It was that little marble, that little push, and now no one trusts the media.''' ,'''I mean, an actor's got to be known for something. Typecasting is an unfortunate kind of reflex punishment for having done a good job. But what's the alternative? To not do a good job?''' ,'''It's great fun to have the license to say damn near anything you want, short of being offensive.''' ,'''I don't know how to carry a tune.''' ,'''I got a call from my agent saying you have an offer to voice a cartoon by the name of 'My Little Pony.' And that's pretty much what went in my ear. So I asked him the three questions that actors always ask. I need to see the script, when and how much, which were legitimate questions.''' ,'''I'm of the opinion that it flies in the face of reason not to believe. The odds are too great against you to not believe that there is some sort of extraterrestrial life out there.''' ,'''I don't think that 'Legend' was the absolute greatest show on television.''' ,'''Almost everywhere in the world you go, people will come up and say, "Oh my God, you're from 'Star Trek.'"''' ,'''I was raised on the classics - Jules Verne, H.G. Wells, and others.''' ,'''No technology comes close to the effect of a live symphony orchestra.''' ,'''I kind of pride myself in the fact that when people hire me it's always considered creative casting.''' ,'''I'm never what anybody envisions as the prototype of a character. My looks are just odd enough so that I'm just not what people think of.''' ,'''I don't think I will be playing Q again. I could be wrong, but I'm not counting on it. The character has come from the bad boy to being the status quo, really.''' ,'''I'm really not a television watcher.''' ,'''Certainly when 'Legend' came around, I was very anxious to get it because I immediately recognized it as something worth doing.''' ,'''I hadn't watched 'Star Trek' when I was a kid.''' ,'''If a person says they're an athlete but they don't compete in sports, then you wonder if they're really an athlete. It's the same with acting. There are lots of people who call themselves actors but never act.''' ,'''I usually play the sort of hard-boiled guy who is forcing situations - I'm not usually playing the person in reaction.''' ,'''I have to say as the years have gone on I'm getting a little tired of just Q, because I do a lot of other things.''' ,'''I had a panic attack years ago in preparation for a very difficult show. And you cannot hear, or see, or you can't compute. It's quite terrifying.''' ,'''I'd be happy to have run rehearsals for a month, but it gets expensive to do that.''' ,'''I really didn't follow Star Trek.''' ,'''The perspective is that one week out of the year does not a career make nor enough income make.''' ,'''I live in such a free-lance world and I've done 'Trek' so infrequently, when you really think about it, that continuity really isn't an issue to me. I live in a much more undetermined, gypsylike world.''' ,'''That was the great, great thing about 'Star Trek,' that it was a show that people could tune into at all sorts of different levels.''' ,'''The problem with Alien Voices 'was we had four really terrific years. And then it began to be about selling: Simon & Schuster wanted whatever, 40,000 units sold a year.'''' ,'''I sail to Hawaii and back a lot, and it sometimes involves very terrifying experiences. And you have to keep yourself from becoming panicky.''' ,]
+++