+++
author = "Scott Hall"
title = "Scott Hall Quotes"
quotes_len = "68"
description = "the best 68 Scott Hall Quotes"
keywords = "scott hall,scott hall quotes,scott hall quote,scott hall sayings,scott hall saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Dallas is somebody who genuinely likes helping other people.''' ,'''Once you learn how to work inside the ring - once you learn how to tell a story - then you can come to a big company like the WWE and learn the extra stuff, like the video, the pyro, the music, and that adds to everything you can do.''' ,'''I was Razor Ramon, and I started the nWo.''' ,'''I don't even know what a gluten is, bro.''' ,'''For me, I was really struggling because I was Scott Hall in the gym and Scott Hall in the grocery store and in the ring. Until I got a gimmick, a look, and got to be a character, that's when I started making strides. As Scott Hall, I didn't have a gimmick, so I didn't know what to do.''' ,'''I'm happy for anybody who gets an opportunity or a break in the wrestling business.''' ,'''I want to do a travel show.''' ,'''I'm a big Kevin Sullivan fan.''' ,'''The NWO, yeah, we're a bunch of outlaws, thugs, whatever you want to call us, but... we do what we want, when we want. And we're having fun doing it.''' ,'''If you think TNA sucks, you're right.''' ,'''My deal with WCW was if I'd choose to show up, I was guaranteed a certain amount, but I'm not required to come to work for WCW.''' ,'''I think it's great you have guys like Finn Balor and Shinsuke Nakamura in WWE.''' ,'''When guys leave NXT and go to the main roster, those guys are already over.''' ,'''My life is like driving down a road. I occasionally glance in the rearview mirror, but I'm not focused on the past or looking back anymore.''' ,'''I always find it really flattering when people are going to line up and wait in line for hours to tell you how cool you are and to take a picture with you. I always have time for that. It makes you feel good.''' ,'''My most important legacy is being a good father to my two children.''' ,'''Obviously, I'm against bullying, but it does happen.''' ,'''Anybody who shows love for my kid, I got love for.''' ,'''Dallas is obnoxiously positive. He's been a good friend to me.''' ,'''I think the best thing I can do for me is to show up places and be clear-headed. Because when I'm clear-headed, my phone rings. I get opportunities.''' ,'''I was kind of like the Tito Santana of my era.''' ,'''The WWE machine is a lot stronger than it was when I was there. When you go to TV, it's unbelievable the production that's going on.''' ,'''I never really thought about the fact I wasn't world champion. It's all fake, so having a belt really means having extra weight in your luggage.''' ,'''You don't get any better unless you're around guys who know more than you.''' ,'''God has blessed me many times. I had some great genetics.''' ,'''If you have any talent, you can't be held back, and you can't be held down.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a main eventer in pro wrestling. I lived my dream, but the excess of the '80s and the huge money of the '90s became a great temptation for many of us.''' ,'''I would love to help guys transition from 'NXT' to 'Raw.'''' ,'''When I came in, there wasn't a bunch of women wrestlers. There was maybe one or two who came in a couple months a year.''' ,'''Curt Hennig was my buddy, and he had great success with Mr. Perfect.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Finn Balor.''' ,'''When I'm in the ring, I'm doing great. As Razor Ramon or the 'Bad Guy,' I don't have a care in the world. But when I come back through the curtain, reality is there waiting.''' ,'''My daughter is on academic scholarship at the University of Central Florida. I feel so blessed.''' ,'''I had the inability to ask for help when I needed it. People offered to help me, but I refused. They'd ask 'How are you?' and I'd answer, 'Better than you.'''' ,'''One time in WCW, I was the U.S. champ, tag champ, and the TV champ. I had three belts, and I wore them all. I just think it's hilarious, and I never really got caught up in the world title thing.''' ,'''I would consider myself one of the highest-paid job guys in history.''' ,'''What sucks the most is when you can't even keep a promise to yourself.''' ,'''Whether they cheer or whether they boo really doesn't bother me as long as they're paying attention.''' ,'''Shawn Michaels really helped me a lot. We helped each other. It was a good partnership.''' ,'''I've always said it ain't 'Show Friends.' It's 'Show Business.'''' ,'''Coming to Atlanta was like being in a country club. It was really tame in the locker room in WCW compared to New York.''' ,'''Mental illness is real, and I got them. I don't know if it's the multiple concussions or the lifestyle choices.''' ,'''What I want to do is bring back managing in the wrestling business.''' ,'''What I'm doing with the NWO is for me, for my family, so I can leave a legacy for my kids.''' ,'''I had been successful in Japan, Mexico, and Puerto Rico, but nothing in the U.S. where it really matters.''' ,'''Powerbombing someone on the apron or into the turnbuckle, those are not moves Sting and I grew up with.''' ,'''For me, the only thing I had to look forward to was the ring because my personal life wasn't doing that great, so my fake life was what I was holding onto.''' ,'''If I had to do it all over again, I'd probably live the same way.''' ,'''I'm working on a cooking show; I'm going to do some of it at Dallas Page's performance center. I'm going to do a cooking show called 'Dude Food,' where I show young guys how to eat good and clean, cheap.''' ,'''Everybody knows you can't have a party on 'Raw' without the bad guy.''' ,'''I'm not a Bret Hart fan.''' ,'''When the fans spend money, you normally leave the audience happy.''' ,'''WCW is a television company that produces a wrestling show. The WWE is a wrestling company that produces a television show.''' ,'''Everybody's going to have their own tolerance toward ribbing or bullying or whatever. If somebody's more sensitive, then you can't rib them as much.''' ,'''Look at my life. I almost died. I almost died several times. My shoulders were down, man. But I kicked out. I kicked out again. Someone upstairs obviously likes me. So maybe I should, too.''' ,'''In a perfect world, I'd end up at NXT.''' ,'''You can't choose your family, but you can choose your friends.''' ,'''Dusty Rhodes was really good to me and helped me and started me.''' ,'''Fans in Madison Square Garden are a little bit hipper, but they are more vocal. It's like, 'Hey, you work for me, bro. I bought this ticket. Now get out there and entertain me.'''' ,'''I don't want to die, but I'm not afraid to.''' ,'''I don't work any different in Japan than I do in the U.S. Some guys do, but if you're entertaining, you're entertaining, and if you're not, you're not, and that plays worldwide.''' ,'''If people are offering you help, swallow your pride and accept it because people who care about you want to help you.''' ,'''I'll go on record and say it's way more fun riding in front of a cop car then riding in the back cuz you can get out if you want to.''' ,'''It's hard to ask for help. It's even harder to accept it when people offer it.''' ,'''The NWO... we feel like we are the people's choice; we're doing things for the working man.''' ,'''If I could leave anybody with anything, it's this - if you need help, ask for it.''' ,'''I feel like I couldn't have screwed up that bad as a dad, because I have a pretty good relationship with both of my kids.''' ,'''In WCW, your future was determined by the time you signed the contract. I was the lowest-paid guy in the company at $75,000.''' ,]
+++