+++
author = "Lisa Lopes"
title = "Lisa Lopes Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Lisa Lopes Quotes"
keywords = "lisa lopes,lisa lopes quotes,lisa lopes quote,lisa lopes sayings,lisa lopes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Kids listen to performers and we have a duty to give them certain critical information.''' ,'''Too many kids think condoms are nasty and vulgar, instead of as something that can save your life.''' ,'''We try to teach women how to be strong, how to believe in themselves, how to make themselves happy, as opposed to pleasing someone else first.''' ,'''I just want credit for my ideas, because I am the creative force behind TLC.''' ,'''Girls groups tend to break up more because sometimes it's hard for women to get along. And everybody is like, 'They're breaking up over silly stuff.' That's not the silly thing to me - to break up. The silly part is that you couldn't get back together. It's about working out, because everyone has their differences.''' ,'''There are plenty of groups that have come out and did whatever they did and have broken up. Especially girls groups.''' ,'''Everything that we know in the business we've had to learn from mistakes. No one sat us down and taught us or even said, 'Go pick up this book and learn for yourself.' We trusted people.''' ,'''I hope we go down in history for being something more than just another famous act that got ripped off.''' ,'''Now we know that, the way contracts are set up, it's not really made for artists to get rich from selling records - that's the company's one shot to make money.''' ,'''This is a cutthroat business full of greedy individuals who take advantage of naive young artists.''' ,'''In any business, you get your numbers together before you go out and do the work.''' ,'''Whether it's positive or negative press, it's all good. I do understand the game.''' ,'''Let it be understood that I am interested in making multimillion-dollar business deals.''' ,'''We didn't know we might become role models but it's good that we did because if you're put in a position like this, you should try to make a difference because a lot of kids today don't have role models.''' ,'''When we just hang around, our pants are always sagging.''' ,'''When we were first recording, I was wearing a bag on my head.''' ,'''We did want to stand for something, not just cute girls with cute concepts. Everything we talk about has meaning behind it.''' ,'''We're not hard-core feminists. We like men and we like to have fun with them. But we also want men to think about females in different ways.''' ,'''The truth is, women don't stand up, they're too hushed, they don't like to say stuff.''' ,'''You know I've been called crazy.''' ,'''I always felt like, well, if TLC doesn't do good, it's because of our own recognizance.''' ,'''As long as we're great at what we do, we'll be accepted.''' ,'''The magic of the group has everything to do with the chemistry between myself, Tionne and Chilli. With TLC, it's like, if there wasn't something going wrong, it just wouldn't be right.''' ,]
+++