+++
author = "Liz Phair"
title = "Liz Phair Quotes"
quotes_len = "76"
description = "the best 76 Liz Phair Quotes"
keywords = "liz phair,liz phair quotes,liz phair quote,liz phair sayings,liz phair saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've lost touch with a lot of that boutique-type music just because of my age, and raising my son and the multiple jobs I have at this point.''' ,'''Wearing a veneer of perfection never did me any good.''' ,'''Women artists need to break barriers in order for women's experience to be valuable.''' ,'''So how does Liz Phair feel about Lana Del Rey? Well, as a recording artist, I've been hated, I've been ridiculed, and conversely, hailed as the second coming. All that matters in the end is that I've been heard.''' ,'''The big news already broke. The file-sharing and all that stuff, it's a done deal. And I think figuring out how to make that a fair exchange for the people that make music is still an issue.''' ,'''I love scoring. Putting music to picture is a rewarding challenge and one that relies on interpretation of emotion - as in, what is the pivotal feeling in a scene and which character's point of view is driving it at any given moment?''' ,'''I am a feminist, and I define myself: Be yourself, because if you can get away with it, that is the ultimate feminist act.''' ,'''Picture being forced to talk endlessly about your feelings and listen and care when what you needed was just to get something done.''' ,'''It seems to me like the Internet allows you to break that structure a little bit. You know, here's your CD that's going into stores, here's your EP that you offer online, here's a subscription for songs you recorded on the road, here's your live stuff streaming.''' ,'''It was a source of shame for my family that I was in rock and roll, which is so blue-collar. It just isn't done. And I felt it, too.''' ,'''I don't know why it surprises people that I surprise them.''' ,'''My career has been riddled with controversy, which I never fully understand.''' ,'''I'm very cerebral. I like to think things through.''' ,'''I think good art happens on that edge between comfortable and in a lot of pain, you know what I mean?''' ,'''Lana Del Rey seems to be bothering everybody because she allegedly 'remade' herself from a folk singing, girl-next-door type into an electro-urban kitty cat on the prowl (of course I like her), and they feel she is inauthentic.''' ,'''I don't know what the future holds. Anything is possible.''' ,'''I don't think you can spend too much time as an artist believing what other people think.''' ,'''I mean, I kind of remember... I'm 36 now, so it's kind of hard for me to relate to what it was like when I was 25, or 24, but I do remember a period in time when that's how I defined who I was, by the music I listened to and the movies I went to.''' ,'''I blend my green drink every morning. I also fix my son a full-on American breakfast with bacon and toast.''' ,'''I knew that collaborating on songwriting would be difficult for a lot of people, because I was known very much, for my independence and the fact that I wrote these quirky songs that were not typical structure, not typical sound - you know, really original stuff.''' ,'''I was trying to break out of the suburbs, and when I did break out, I don't think I took my whole self with me - I think I played a role of being too cool and hip.''' ,'''I wear clothes that most people in the Midwest would probably deem inappropriate at my age. And I rock a bikini all summer long. I know that it's not normal, but I just don't care. I live once.''' ,'''I don't know; it just seemed like the cooler guys are playing Xbox. At least the ones I know.''' ,'''I was raised to be a very intelligent housewife.''' ,'''I prance around and dance by myself to hip-hop songs in the mirror.''' ,'''I ended up becoming so self-conscious that my songs stopped being about my life and started being about what people thought of my music. And that was really bad.''' ,'''I'm just out of touch with new music in general, and I only know about it if I'm hanging out with someone that knows about it, or I catch it on YouTube.''' ,'''I think I write songs because of pent-up feelings.''' ,'''Am I coasting on some early success? Yeah. It was a good lucky break for me. But I would rather earn my way back again than simply conform to what people are expecting.''' ,'''After my first record came out, I read everything. I was so amazed that I was in the press.''' ,'''That's what music is to me. Like, stuff that I really like to play loud. And I've got my quiet CDs, too, that I listen to around the house, but if you can't go there, then... Everyone gets so upset with me, I can't win.''' ,'''I'm working on a proper rock record, a good, old-school rock record. Finally.''' ,'''I remember even getting kicked out of a bar once because I was too loud and obnoxious.''' ,'''I don't like being approached by people who look at me too intensely, who needed something from me that I didn't have. I don't represent anything.''' ,'''Everyone wants to get into soundtracks. Everyone wants to do songs here and there. But, I think they want it for different reasons. I think I'm just tumbling through my life, enjoying playing with everybody.''' ,'''People hang their hopes on you fitting into their CD collection in way that they have made a space for, but I'm playing a longer game than that.''' ,'''The other day I was reading a blog and I linked over to Streisand's Web site, and it was amazing politically. She's so insightful and incisive. And she also says whatever she wants.''' ,'''It makes sense - you wanna gather a lot of people together, and Vegas really does that well. New York can, but you know the hassles. I've lived there. It's an entirely different beast.''' ,'''Women's bodies are used to sell anything and everything because it works, it grabs people's attention, and advertisers aren't going to stop using something that works.''' ,'''It's important to have people who will say to you that you're really off the beaten track.''' ,'''When you love what you do, you're happy just doing it!''' ,'''I just don't fit into the box.''' ,'''I don't always trust my own instincts. It would be nice if someone else would tell me what I should do with my life!''' ,'''I'm competitive, so I don't like to feel marginalized by the people who sell a lot of records.''' ,'''My nails are a disaster. If I play guitar when my nails are long, I just tear them off.''' ,'''No matter how I do this, my best songs have profanity in them.''' ,'''I probably had some impact, because everyone keeps telling me that I did. I like to feel like I'm coming out with something to try to make room for other young women to make their art.''' ,'''When I use the Internet, it's pretty much strictly for music. Checking out other people's web sites, what's going on, listening to music. It's pretty much a musical thing for me.''' ,'''I always give the encore over to chaos, so people can yell out requests and I can hack my way through a song that I don't really know anymore.''' ,'''My identity has everything to do with me and my instrument. It doesn't have to do with what production style I use, or how many people played on it, whether it's sparse or grandiose or whatever. And I'm social, frankly.''' ,'''I don't have the same access or time to gain access to music the way I used to.''' ,'''Guys don't really don't wanna hear if it's really smart, and women feel uncomfortable if you reveal stuff they're going to have to remember they did themselves.''' ,'''I can't say I don't get nervous, but I really kind of enjoy performing now.''' ,'''You have to do what you need to do as an artist. You have to have that courage.''' ,'''I'm always champing at the bit to try everything new. It's a terrible quality that I have.''' ,'''All parents gush about what it's like to be a parent. I love it.''' ,'''I love stretching myself musically.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong at all with women wanting to be women.''' ,'''Everything that people lob at you who don't know you, it all hurts. When you're doing something as simple as making music, which really, theoretically, shouldn't hurt anyone - I mean, it's a song! Step back for five seconds and laugh.''' ,'''Yeah, I like to be the maker of the art. And I like and want the money. But I don't really dig being famous.''' ,'''Now, in music, it seems more like the popular crowd suppresses anyone who is different.''' ,'''I try to see interviewing as performance art, and just take it as it comes.''' ,'''It's about the journey and the process. I do things because I love doing them, or trying them.''' ,'''I have my head screwed on right. I haven't been this way in a long time.''' ,'''I have that thrill-seeking mentality, so when people want to know why my incarnations keep changing, or why I'll do something different than I did before, it's that same impulse.''' ,'''I am just like you and everyone else. I am trying to live my life as best I can.''' ,'''Composing gives me a chance to work in multiple dimensions and helps me pare down my melodies into what is essential. Learning new skills has always energized me and scoring has opened up a world of sonic possibilities.''' ,'''I am comfortable performing now. I love it!''' ,'''You know, you become an artist, you become an observer, of life, and you digest life by making art about it.''' ,'''You're really creative when you're in an environment that you don't know how to handle. So collaborating was like that for me. I think that was one of the reasons why I knew I was gonna get a challenging reaction.''' ,'''Like, I kind of developed my musical style in a vacuum. Even though I listen to a lot of stuff, the way I wrote was in my bedroom, really privately. It's still the way I write, actually.''' ,'''Young kids don't have their identity, so everything is so important. Now I'm mature. I know who I am and I know what my thing is and I know what I'm bringing. It's very clear and defined.''' ,'''I'm known for being annoyingly gender-focused. It's always been my platform.''' ,'''I'm really happy to be a mom, and I'm proud of the phase I'm in.''' ,'''I mean, I think about it, but I don't design my record to get a certain public response.''' ,'''I just want to make music and make a living. I just have to find the means of doing that.''' ,]
+++