+++
author = "Grete Waitz"
title = "Grete Waitz Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Grete Waitz Quotes"
keywords = "grete waitz,grete waitz quotes,grete waitz quote,grete waitz sayings,grete waitz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For a couple of days after chemotherapy, food tastes really bland, even the best foods. I haven't been sick, but have been a little tired. I haven't lost any weight.''' ,'''I am a private person and that has always been my personality.''' ,'''The worst injury I ever had was a stress fracture from running.''' ,'''You go into the disease as one person and come out of it as a different person. It has changed my perspective on everything. Things that used to upset me no longer do.''' ,'''I tried to keep it secret, but the story got into the newspapers. It was more difficult for my family, who couldn't understand why the media wouldn't leave me in peace.''' ,'''I am about to get involved with the biggest cancer hospital in Norway. They are building a fitness center to work with patients. I will be a consultant.''' ,'''I am living in Norway, where I am under the care of the best cancer doctor in Norway and I can be closer to my family.''' ,'''Every day I spend time on the treadmill. I am walking faster, stronger and harder than I was two months ago.''' ,'''In terms of fitness and battling through cancer, exercise helps you stay strong physically and mentally.''' ,'''What Fred Lebow went through was an inspiration for me. You have to set goals for yourself.''' ,'''One day you are happy and laughing and the next you are crying.''' ,'''Another inspiration that has helped me get through has been Lance Armstrong's story. My cancer is not nearly as bad as his, but I believe in staying motivated and keeping as fit as you can.''' ,]
+++