+++
author = "Paris Hilton"
title = "Paris Hilton Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Paris Hilton Quotes"
keywords = "paris hilton,paris hilton quotes,paris hilton quote,paris hilton sayings,paris hilton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I take my dog Tinkerbell seriously. I take my job seriously. But I don't take myself all that seriously.''' ,'''No matter what a woman looks like, if she's confident, she's sexy.''' ,'''I think it's important for girls to be confident. Believe in yourself and... everybody's hot.''' ,'''I don't think there's ever been anyone like me that's lasted. And I'm going to keep on lasting.''' ,'''I'd imagine my wedding as a fairy tale... huge, beautiful and white.''' ,'''I talk in that baby talk voice when I'm on TV, it's a put on.''' ,'''First I wanted to be a veterinarian. And then I realized you had to give them shots to put them to sleep, so I decided I'd just buy a bunch of animals and have them in my house instead.''' ,'''I like it, but it's yellow, and I'm like, I didn't want yellow for my engagement ring.''' ,'''I travel around the world constantly promoting my projects and endorsing products. Yes, I do get paid to go to parties; in fact, I'm the person who started the whole trend of paid appearances. But when you see me at a party, I'm always working or promoting something.''' ,'''Yes, I've kissed a lot of guys. I like to kiss, but that's it. I don't go home with anyone. I sleep with my animals, like my baby monkey, Brigitte Bardot.''' ,'''I get half a million just to show up at parties. My life is, like, really, really fun.''' ,'''You don't have to be an heiress to look like one, if you act like one then everyone will just presume you are one.''' ,'''I love Africa in general South Africa and West Africa, they are both great countries.''' ,'''Life is too short to blend in.''' ,'''Some girls are just born with glitter in their veins.''' ,'''Everything I do is blown out of proportion. It really hurts my feelings.''' ,'''I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard.''' ,'''It's traditional for an heiress to be raised in a sheltered way. No one thinks that's true of me, but it actually was.''' ,'''Some people change when they think they're a star or something.''' ,'''I'm very intelligent. I'm capable of doing everything put to me. I've launched a perfume and want my own hotel chain. I'm living proof blondes are not stupid.''' ,'''All it takes is one drink to mess with the way you drive - it clouds your judgment and slows your reflexes. Don't take any chances. It just isn't worth it.''' ,'''One night stands are not for me. I think it's gross when you just give it up.''' ,'''I really don't like going out anymore. I used to love it, but now it's not fun. I'd rather have friends come over and hot have to worry about crazy people taking pictures.''' ,'''There's nobody in the world like me. I think every decade has an iconic blonde, like Marilyn Monroe or Princess Diana and, right now, I'm that icon.''' ,'''I don't want to be known as the granddaughter of the Hiltons. I want to be known as Paris.''' ,'''A true heiress is never mean to anyone - except a girl who steals your boyfriend.''' ,'''Every woman should have four pets in her life. A mink in her closet, a jaguar in her garage, a tiger in her bed, and a jackass who pays for everything.''' ,'''My kitchen looks like the one from my childhood - very homey, with a little bit of Alice in Wonderland!''' ,'''Being grown up and in a serious relationship, I've learned so much. I'm happier than I've every been.''' ,'''I always knew I had a voice and I've always known I could sing, but I was too shy to let it come out. I think it's the hardest thing to do, to sing in front of people. When I finally let go and did it, I realized it's what I'm most talented at and what I love to do the most.''' ,'''I don't like parties past 2 am. Then it's all losers and weirdos.''' ,'''I have been celibate for about six or seven months, I think. I would rather just make out and kiss someone instead of sex. I'm single. I said I would be single for a year and I am.''' ,'''The only rule is don't be boring and dress cute wherever you go. Life is too short to blend in.''' ,'''All British people have plain names, and that works pretty well over there.''' ,'''That's hot.''' ,'''I'm the kind of person who, if I see a shooting star, I wouldn't stay there and watch it. I'd run to my friends and tell them because I would want everyone to see it too.''' ,'''I get along with guys; most of my friends are guys. It's easier to trust men sometimes. I only have a few close girlfriends that I trust.''' ,'''I'm blonde and tanned and normal-sized! I'm sweet, shy, funny, have a big heart and I'm nice - and I like to eat.''' ,'''I'm not the same person I was. I used to act dumb. It was an act. I am 26 years old, and that act is no longer cute. It is not who I am, nor do I want to be that person for the young girls who looked up to me. I know now that I can make a difference, that I have the power to do that.''' ,'''I don't really think, I just walk.''' ,'''The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday.''' ,'''I don't want to be known as the Hilton heiress, because I didn't do anything for that.''' ,'''The Backstreet Boys were so ten years ago. Whatever.''' ,'''When I was younger, my family would go camping and fishing on our ranches. My dad loves being around all kinds of animals. He's the one who got me to be a really big animal lover.''' ,'''I'm not a kid anymore. And I'm excited for all the amazing things to come.''' ,'''Wal-mart... do they like make walls there?''' ,'''By channeling my inner heiress, I created a new opportunity for young heiresses.''' ,'''I hate the taste of alcohol. When I'm drinking, I'm drinking Red Bull.''' ,'''It will work. I am a marketing genius.''' ,'''It's been my dream to have four babies by 30. I look after animals, so I'd have a lot to give my kids.''' ,'''I hate when a guy brags... or he sweats.''' ,'''What's a soup kitchen?''' ,'''My mom decorated with lots of antiques. I never liked it when I was a little girl - I wanted to live in a modern house. But now I love it.''' ,'''I'm the nicest, most loyal person in the world when it comes to my friends.''' ,'''When Paris has to pee, Paris has to pee!''' ,'''This is Earth. Isn't it hot?''' ,]
+++