+++
author = "Melissa Marr"
title = "Melissa Marr Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Melissa Marr Quotes"
keywords = "melissa marr,melissa marr quotes,melissa marr quote,melissa marr sayings,melissa marr saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As a lifelong romance reader, it's always satisfying to get to talk to other romance readers!''' ,'''Over a four-month period, I sat down and wrote every day. And then there was a novel, and all of a sudden, there were agents and offers.''' ,'''I watch comic book movies. Give me 'The Avengers,' give me 'Thor', those are my area. But I don't watch comedies.''' ,'''I was very afraid to write a novel - it was a dream for a very long time, and it was one of the few things that I was afraid to try.''' ,''''Graveminder' is about a mortician, a young woman with commitment issues, a dead teenager, and a town called Claysville where the dead don't always stay dead.''' ,'''Westerns were all daddy liked to watch. Give me some Clint Eastwood, some Charles Bronson, and I was a happy girl. It was our father-daughter bonding.''' ,'''I eventually realized that good things wouldn't happen to me if I didn't make the right choices.''' ,'''I have amazing kids, an amazing husband, a fabulous career, wonderful parents. If I had to go through some rough spots to get to this amazing place, so be it.''' ,'''I was the girl in the black leather jacket with the black fingernails, picked up after school by guys with loud cars and motorcycles. I carried straight-A grades, but I had a little trouble with rules. I tended to have a bit of an authority problem.''' ,'''The world is too fascinating to limit yourself to one path or one sort of people.''' ,'''They say, 'Write what you know.' What I know isn't cheerleader; it has a little bit of teeth to it.''' ,'''I want to say that I really appreciate that readers are willing to work with my tendency to write in several different genres and for different age groups.''' ,]
+++