+++
author = "Tim Howard"
title = "Tim Howard Quotes"
quotes_len = "77"
description = "the best 77 Tim Howard Quotes"
keywords = "tim howard,tim howard quotes,tim howard quote,tim howard sayings,tim howard saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I woke up and didn't have Tourette's syndrome, it would feel weird - not better or worse, just different.''' ,'''Sometimes you just give everything you have, and you do your absolute best, and it doesn't stack up.''' ,'''I wanted to be a soccer player; I wanted to do it at the highest level.''' ,'''If you told me to sit in a room, and you had a million dollars cash stacked right there and said, 'Don't move, don't twitch, don't do anything,' without a doubt, the million dollars would be mine.''' ,'''I had the offer to write books plenty of times during the early stage of my career, and I always kind of just pushed back because it wasn't the right time.''' ,'''I grew up a Michael Jordan fan; that was my first idol. But my true sports idol was Deion Sanders: he was the person I always wanted to be. I wanted to play two sports professionally, which would never happen, but to me, that was every kid's dream.''' ,'''I think there's a lot of things that need fixing at Manchester United apart from David Moyes, but in this business, you also realize the head coach is always going to be the first to go, unfortunately.''' ,'''If there is a less likely sight on this earth than Clint Dempsey, the Texas trailer-park kid, doing downward-facing dog poses, or the stalwart Michael Bradley deep breathing through a tree pose, I have yet to see it.''' ,'''Protecting animals is very important to me, and I think speaking out against fur is an amazing cause.''' ,'''In the end, very little gets in the way of what Manchester United wants to do.''' ,'''I am grateful for the willingness of both Jurgen Klinsmann and Everton manager Roberto Martinez to afford me the opportunity to spend time with my kids.''' ,'''I enjoy being a role model for kids.''' ,'''I think I have some ideas on coaching, but listen, coaches work harder than players. The hours they put in, the headaches that they have. That's the one thing I've never liked about coaching. They have all the emotion, passion and preparation without actually getting to be able to dictate what happens.''' ,'''It's easy to just go out and buy a $200 piece of clothing. The real challenge is finding it for half that.''' ,'''There are very few young goalkeepers who play at the top level. Most goalkeepers figure it out as time goes on.''' ,'''Every old goalkeeper loses a step at some point, but you can gain that back through experience.''' ,'''When I see someone wearing fur, I just want to sit them down in front of one of PETA's videos and show them just how badly animals suffer for this supposed fabric that no one needs.''' ,'''The President doesn't ring people out of the blue, so you know you've done something well.''' ,'''I've been fortunate enough to be headstrong, to be full of self-belief, and those things have never wavered for me.''' ,'''I'm on television, ticcing and twitching. I think that's kind of cool.''' ,'''My mom broke the mold. She put my brother and I first, always, and worked her fingers to the bone trying to provide for us. She taught us right from wrong and gave us very strong morals and values and belief in family, things that have stayed with me.''' ,'''Three mornings a week, I exercise before eating - it's called 'fasted cardio' - to burn fat.''' ,'''In July 2011, U.S. Soccer announced that they'd fired Bob Bradley and hired Jurgen Klinsmann as head coach. Jurgen had once been a world-class German striker; now he was regarded as a successful, if controversial, coach.''' ,'''There's a tacit understanding among clubs that a good player shouldn't miss out on the big break of his career or a chance at exponentially improved earnings.''' ,'''I don't feel the need to be seen, to be glorified in any way.''' ,'''I think part of being in the public eye is getting recognized and dealing with positive and negative scrutiny.''' ,'''I try not to and I don't think I ever have just jumped at any opportunity because a company wanted me. Just because there was money on the table doesn't mean that I took it.''' ,'''Sometimes I tic or twitch or cough, and it's a very public thing.''' ,'''I think you hope, throughout the course of your career, if you do things right often enough, you might get a moment in time that you can do something special.''' ,'''Today, I am blessed to be living a dream. And yet, if it all went away tomorrow, I know I would still have peace.''' ,'''When you play professionally, you get accustomed to turnover. Players come and go - they get injured, they get transferred, they get cut from the team. Coaches are hired, and coaches are fired. It's just part of the world you live in.''' ,'''I'll be on a beach somewhere when I'm 40.''' ,'''OCD is an anxiety disorder, one that brings conscious intrusive thoughts and compulsions - 'Touch the bannister. Pick up that rock. You'd better do it, or something terrible will happen.'''' ,'''Confidence is on one side of the line, and self-belief is on another. People all think those are mixed up.''' ,'''Manchester United could have any goalkeeper in the world. I was a 23-year-old kid from New Jersey who, from an early age, had to cope with Tourette's Syndrome, a brain disorder that can trigger speech and facial tics, vocal outbursts and obsessive compulsive behavior.''' ,'''I wasn't a troublemaker. I wasn't impertinent. The teachers liked me. But year after year, the comments on my report cards basically came down to a single point, and it was 100% accurate: I seemed to get nothing whatsoever out of all those long hours spent in the classroom.''' ,'''Sponsorships and marketing are oftentimes pretty short-lived. From a company's standpoint, they're often not looking to do tremendously long contracts. They're always trying to catch the next big thing.''' ,'''Sir Alex Ferguson is one of the best managers in football history.''' ,'''I don't complain when it's sunny.''' ,'''When I was 11, I developed a new symptom - the worst one yet: I had to touch people before I talked to them. When I say 'had to,' that's exactly what I mean: if I didn't touch them first, I literally couldn't form the words.''' ,'''Sometimes it's even hard to tell the difference between a tic and a compulsion. But while tics stem from an urge in a specific part of the body - either completely unconsciously or through a premonitory sensation that's satisfied only by the tic - OCD bubbles up as conscious thoughts in the mind.''' ,'''You get 15 minutes of fame, I hear, and I've had 14 minutes. The clock's ticking.''' ,'''I don't sign autographs when I'm out for a meal or out with my kids. I think that's rude and disrespectful. I would never ask anyone for an autograph while they were eating dinner; that's what I was taught by my parents.''' ,'''I try and tell all the kids that I meet that hope to be amazing one day and be a professional athlete or a doctor or a lawyer or whatever they want to be. I tell them they can do all that because Tourette's won't stop them.''' ,'''Football's cruel sometimes.''' ,'''When you play against top players, sometimes you can play - you can play your utmost and you still get beat.''' ,'''David Moyes was one who, at a certain crossroads in my career, he was there. And since then, I've kicked on. That's why he played such a big role in my career.''' ,'''Good keepers sniff out attacks whether with the feet or a throw out.''' ,'''I like to get more than my normal 10 hours of sleep nights before a game.''' ,'''There is no privacy in our culture anymore, so I have to try and carve that out for myself, but I'm OK with it.''' ,'''The most important thing in my life is Christ. He's more important than winning or losing or whether I'm playing or not. Everything else is just a bonus.''' ,'''As an OCD guy, I find change difficult.''' ,'''If Jurgen Klinsmann thinks that the best way for his team to be successful is if his young players go to Europe, there is nobody in the world who can argue with that. That is his opinion, whether you agree with it or not.''' ,'''David Moyes is someone I'm forever indebted to.''' ,'''My life is training.''' ,'''I grew up in a generation when there was no soccer on TV.''' ,'''My personal trainer suggested paleo to build muscle while staying lean, and it's one of the first plans that's worked for me.''' ,'''I started playing soccer at age 6 and played both outfield and goalie. Back then, no one wanted to go on goalie - coaches would make deals with me so I'd do it. It's a tough position as a kid.''' ,'''I knew I wasn't going to play for the NBA.''' ,'''Winning is fun, but those moments that you can touch someone's life in a very positive way are better.''' ,'''My faith helped me stay grounded in defeat and victory, to not get too excited about the successes and too low about the failures.''' ,'''You want to be wanted, and you want people to rely on you.''' ,'''Pressure can be good. It helps you to see what you're all about.''' ,'''Right now, as I've gotten older, my tics sustain for five or ten years. So, I can deal with them on a daily basis; I know how it affects my body. But when you're 10 years old, and every three months a tic comes along, it's daunting because you don't know what the next one is going to look like, what it's going to feel like.''' ,'''Sure, I like ice cream, but when you keep a healthy lifestyle, it's: Do you prefer sweets and crappy food, or do you prefer to have a nice body? It depends on what you want more.''' ,'''When you're not needed somewhere, it never feels great.''' ,'''Living with Tourette's is not easy.''' ,'''We all need God in certain ways, you know. And I certainly fall short in a lot of categories. And it's at those times that I need much more help than most.''' ,'''I don't really get too high or too low. I think when you have a big tournament, that's the important thing: managing emotion.''' ,'''If you qualify for a World Cup and expect to get an easy group, you are in the wrong sport. It doesn't work like that.''' ,'''As soon as things get serious in front of the goal, I don't have any twitches... It's probably because at that moment, my concentration on the game is stronger than the Tourette syndrome.''' ,'''I've made plenty of mistakes as a keeper, that's for sure. I'll make plenty more before I'm through.''' ,'''I don't get a lot of time with my children. My time is precious, and time with my two kids is like gold dust to me. I can't get that time back.''' ,'''I'm an old dog; I don't get too excited. I don't get caught up in all the mass hysteria.''' ,'''I was a pretty popular kid, and I participated in every sport.''' ,'''I'm a gym rat; I love my hour-long afternoon sessions with my trainer.''' ,'''It's important that I'm a role model and that the companies that I associate myself with feel the same way about their own images. Those are companies I'd like to be associated with.''' ,]
+++