+++
author = "Gina Torres"
title = "Gina Torres Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Gina Torres Quotes"
keywords = "gina torres,gina torres quotes,gina torres quote,gina torres sayings,gina torres saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My view of myself doesn't change. I know who I am. I'm Cuban American; both my parents are Cuban - one was a little browner than the other one. That's who I am. I feel sorry that it's taken so long for the film industry to figure it out and to catch up.''' ,'''I like good movies. Not to say that there aren't wonderful sci-fi films out there, but it's not where I go first. It's not where I go first in the rental aisle, I should say.''' ,'''The older I get, I just don't know. But, there is absolutely that part of me that watches action shows and goes, 'I can still do that. I can still roll with that. I stay in shape. I keep it together. I stay strong.'''' ,'''The future has both gritty and savage and clean and 'techno-hip.' I think it's a very realistic point of view.''' ,'''Life is about choices, and the grace - or lack thereof - with which you execute them is a make-or-break moment in anyone's life.''' ,'''I'm a lover and a fighter.''' ,'''Superwoman is one of those superheroes that knows her power and is very comfortable in her power.''' ,'''I have been very, very fortunate on this show, on 'Suits,' where the writers do come to me, and they ask my comfort level and, if they want to push an envelope in a certain direction, if I'm okay with that. And, by and large, I am. I think it's important.''' ,'''Superwoman is motivated by power and money and sex, and sex and money and power. Who can't relate to that?''' ,'''My hope for my daughter is that she has the courage to at least try to do it all, to be kind to herself when it all doesn't come together perfectly, and to follow her dreams.''' ,'''There's a little bit of me in everybody that I play.''' ,'''My first time on camera was 'One Life to Live.' I mourn for actors coming up that the daytime soap opera is becoming extinct. It's theater onscreen.''' ,'''I certainly came up in an era where women were really making strides and making a point to beat down doors and find their place and crash through the glass ceiling.''' ,'''I don't tweet - I have nothing to say.''' ,'''I love doing the nighttime soap, the emotional, psychological, hard stuff that I got to tackle on 'Hannibal.'''' ,'''What I love about superheroes, and Superwoman in particular, is that in that comics world, they're all curvaceous. They're strong.''' ,'''I think the public doesn't understand the rigors of shooting a show for an actor, much less when you're on location and away from home.''' ,'''I love the chess game that I do on 'Suits.' I just love every bit of it and that I get to do it.''' ,'''You have Showtime, you have AMC, you have all of these, you know, incredible networks that are now bringing forth their product without the handcuffs, if you will, of trying to sell soap to the entire country.''' ,'''Don't count Jessica out on 'Suits,' 'cause those boys are going to mess up, and they're going to have to call me. I believe that. I don't know when, I don't know how, but that story's not done, 'cause everybody comes back.''' ,'''It's important to have strong images of women out there, women who aren't afraid of expressing themselves, women who aren't afraid of taking chances, women who aren't afraid of their own power.''' ,'''Eddie Redmayne is fantastic.''' ,'''When it was announced that I was going to be on 'Castle,' there were immediate messages on all the TV news sites from 'Firefly' fans hoping for a nod to the series - some encrypted business just for them! I can't promise that, but I can say that a few people out there might get a thrill.''' ,'''Unfortunately, being a woman in society means that sometimes you have to sort of quell what is instinctually broad and magnificent and magical about you.''' ,]
+++