+++
author = "Rob Brydon"
title = "Rob Brydon Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Rob Brydon Quotes"
keywords = "rob brydon,rob brydon quotes,rob brydon quote,rob brydon sayings,rob brydon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think it's almost an indulgence to focus on the dark side of things. And as you get older, you want to focus on the positive.''' ,'''I do seem to look like a lot of people.''' ,'''When you're doing stand-up, you can comment if something fails, get a laugh from that.''' ,'''I had a moment where I realised I could do silly voices, that lots of people I knew couldn't do silly voices, and that thus I must be able to make money doing silly voices.''' ,'''I think, if you've got children, that's your life. Your 'showbiz' life, if you want to call it that, is a separate thing, and it isn't everything to me.''' ,'''I just look like someone with a long face. Not just A. P. McCoy himself, but some of the horses he rides.''' ,'''I don't think any of my kids would have a good word to say about me. I think they deny that they even know me. At school, they pretend they are Anton du Beke's kids.''' ,'''When you're a kid, I think you want to be a film star. And I'm not as enamoured with that any more. The reality of that life is a lot of travel, and a lot of being away, which is impractical because I have four children, so I don't want to be away that much, not the other side of the world away.''' ,'''I'm a very, very handsome man, and have had to come to terms with it... um, do I like the way I look? In the right light, and with a following wind.''' ,'''Math was a two-part exam and I once didn't go for the second part. I knew I'd done so badly on the first it was hopeless. I re-took it about four or five times. I think I eventually got it by getting the top GCSE grade.''' ,'''If you're a comedian, you are looking for material in daily life.''' ,'''The thing is, when I had my first success it did coincide with the end of my first marriage, and because I went on to have a very, very unhappy two years, I don't think I equate career success with personal happiness.''' ,'''Plus, I've always felt that, if the worst came to the worst in my career, I could always fall back to doing voices on the radio.''' ,'''I still have lots of friends from my pre-success days.''' ,'''There are some people who only know me for cornflakes ads, and that's fine. I have a charmed life.''' ,'''I'm prone to a more depressed outlook on life.''' ,'''I like witty people, people who can be witty on the spot.''' ,]
+++