+++
author = "Hulk"
title = "Hulk Quotes"
quotes_len = "87"
description = "the best 87 Hulk Quotes"
keywords = "hulk,hulk quotes,hulk quote,hulk sayings,hulk saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In England, there are some great teams, the style of play is great and so is the competition.''' ,'''Felipao gives me total freedom to play to the best of my abilities.''' ,'''I decided to go to Zenit because I had won almost every competition at Porto and I like new challenges in my career.''' ,'''At a World Cup it's hard to look much further than the traditional big-name teams: history backs that up.''' ,'''After three years in Japan there were some options to play in Europe, but I chose Porto because when I was 15 I went to their stadium once and said to myself, 'One day I will play here.'''' ,'''I turned down an offer to represent Portugal.''' ,'''There is not one style in particular that suits me. I think that every formation has its pros and cons. It's crucial to have a coach who understands your strengths and weaknesses. Obviously, I prefer to play up front, close to the opponents. That way I can make use of my strengths in one-on-one situations.''' ,'''I will always continue to work hard and keep my feet on the ground, regardless of whether I stay at Porto.''' ,'''Who would not like to be a champion?''' ,'''Scolari is just an incredible guy off the pitch.''' ,'''I am a player that always tries to help out as much as possible.''' ,'''I was very happy in Portugal.''' ,'''It's normal to criticise people you are not familiar with.''' ,'''I just enjoy playing football, and I do everything to help the team.''' ,'''I'm just thankful for my parents blessing me with good genes, I guess.''' ,'''Those of us who play in big teams are already accustomed to the pressure of the crowd.''' ,'''On the field, I will leave everything there and give my life to help the team, whatever it is. I do it out of passion.''' ,'''It is special to win any game, regardless of the opponent.''' ,'''I love St Petersburg, Zenit and the fans.''' ,'''All I know is that I'd put Messi and Ronaldo in my team and eight others. I'd also have Petr Cech in goal and I'd play myself too. The three of us up there in the front line: Messi, Ronaldo and I.''' ,'''The Selecao squad have always been a great bunch, ever since I was first called up.''' ,'''Barcelona or Real Madrid, I think I would say yes to playing for these teams.''' ,'''Losing 7-1 at home is a shameful thing.''' ,'''Those fans who abuse people of a different colour or gays just do not think at all.''' ,'''We never know what is going to happen tomorrow.''' ,'''My dad has always been my idol.''' ,'''Portugal is much like Brazil - the weather, the people, the food and the language is also a bonus.''' ,'''I would say that I am a professional who always gives his utmost to be the best in what he does.''' ,'''I have had experiences of playing in Japan.''' ,'''I love the Premier League and La Liga, I follow them on TV when I can.''' ,'''Racism can happen anywhere, in everyday life as well, but it's always very sad, it shouldn't happen.''' ,'''I went out of Brazil very early, so the people in Brazil didn't know me well. So they didn't support me so much. I was never intimidated by this because I always knew that I had to go to the field and do my job.''' ,'''I win, have fun and give my all.''' ,'''I have to keep working towards my dream and try to do my best.''' ,'''I talked to Oscar about Shanghai SIPG before he made the move.''' ,'''Thiago Silva is a great player. As I have always said, I think he is one of the best defenders in the world and he will always help inspire me to become one of the best.''' ,'''I'm a person who doesn't hold any grudges.''' ,'''Getting the opportunity to play in your national team jersey and playing the World Cup at home is something wonderful.''' ,'''To play for the Selecao would be a dream.''' ,'''I hope to win the Confederations Cup.''' ,'''I want to win titles with Shanghai.''' ,'''When there is a World Cup the world stops, the country stops, everyone is hugging each other, whether old or young, everyone stops just to enjoy the football.''' ,'''Footballers are always subject to criticism, but the world knows how good a player Neymar is and knows about the quality in his game.''' ,'''I like to dribble. I like to turn heads with the ball.''' ,'''I will not put money ahead of football.''' ,'''I come from the bottom of the social ladder and now I have a good life.''' ,'''To win four titles in a season is quite an achievement.''' ,'''If the time has come to leave Porto, the club and its fans will forever have a place in my heart. I can only thank them for all the affection they've shown me.''' ,'''Maybe only my physical state can make someone wrong about my style of playing.''' ,'''Ronaldo is my idol. He's the best player I've ever seen play. He's an inspiration to me to work hard every day.''' ,'''I left Brazil very early, at age 18, to go to Japan and I spent three-and-a-half years there. Then I went to Porto, everything happened so fast in my life, there was recognition throughout Europe.''' ,'''The biggest challenge in Russia was the cold weather at first but after playing games at -12, I think I am settling down quickly.''' ,'''I'm used to playing out on the right for Zenit. I also played out there a lot for Porto.''' ,'''When it comes to transfers, I leave everything with my agent.''' ,'''There are some players who lacked respect for me. There were some things said in public that should not have been said, not in interviews.''' ,'''I always had the dream to play for Brazil, and that dream has come true already.''' ,'''I was a huge fan of the Incredible Hulk as a child. My parents nicknamed me Hulk as they thought I resembled the character. The name has stuck with me ever since.''' ,'''At the time I was in Japan I was left to choose between Porto and Atletico Madrid but I preferred Porto because I thought it would be easier to adapt.''' ,'''I admire Romario a lot, he was my idol together with Ronaldo, but I do not have anything to prove to anyone. What I have to do is play football.''' ,'''I liked living in Japan - the people are really friendly and love their soccer. I had a great experience playing alongside some strong Japanese players and I always look forward to the next time I visit.''' ,'''At Porto, I play out wide, on the right, with two other attackers. But I can play in any position in the attack, I have even played in the middle before.''' ,'''Japanese players have good football qualities and Urawa Red Diamonds is one of the greatest Japanese teams.''' ,'''When you win, there's congratulations. When you lose, the world is falling apart.''' ,'''I really liked imitating the Hulk when I was a little kid. My dad enjoyed it and always asked me to imitate him and gave me the nickname.''' ,'''I try to make the most of my physical power. I try to play with freedom if I can.''' ,'''In spite of the fact that Russian is very tough, I think that I can find enough strength in myself to learn it.''' ,'''In life you're learning every day.''' ,'''I'm very professional, I would play in any club. If I go to Brazil, being Palmeiras or any other team, I will make sure I give my best.''' ,'''I went to see a Porto game in the old Estadio das Antas and I loved it all, the environment and the fans.''' ,'''I respect footballers of any skin colour and any sexual orientation.''' ,'''I will not lie, people know I'm a footballer and I had to seize the moment with Zenit's financial offer.''' ,'''I don't think my style of playing is different from the classic Brazilian style.''' ,'''I learned a lot with Andre Villas-Boas at Porto. He is very intelligent tactically. He was almost so well informed about the opponents that we pretty much knew everything about them when we went out on to the pitch. It was scary how much we knew.''' ,'''I have a lot of affection for Porto but who would not want to play for Barcelona with the quality they have?''' ,'''If I play on the wing, that's great, and if I play in the center that's excellent.''' ,'''I like English football, Spanish football, Italian football. I like all of them.''' ,'''I feel fine in St Petersburg, my family is fine and my son is fine.''' ,'''Winning the World Cup was a dream of all Brazilians.''' ,'''I played for four years in Porto and our biggest rivals were Benfica. But I always had respect for the club, I don't hate Benfica.''' ,'''I am really happy Villas-Boas is making a mark in England, and it would be fantastic to play under him again one day.''' ,'''There is always speculation about me and Palmeiras, precisely because of the affection I have for the team and I have made it clear I identify with Palmeiras.''' ,'''I ask God to bless me and I keep writing this beautiful story in football.''' ,'''There are days when things do not go your way.''' ,'''My future is in the hands of God.''' ,'''I know Pereira well. He's a very good coach who is ambitious.''' ,'''I can only promise one thing: I will never celebrate a goal against Porto because of my respect for the fans and the club.''' ,'''Cristiano Ronaldo is a match-winner too and scores a lot of goals, and when you talk about the best player in the world it's between those two, though my vote would go to Messi.''' ,]
+++