+++
author = "Manish Dayal"
title = "Manish Dayal Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Manish Dayal Quotes"
keywords = "manish dayal,manish dayal quotes,manish dayal quote,manish dayal sayings,manish dayal saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My aunt and uncle would come over when my mom was making this, or we would go over there when they were making that. That's what food is.''' ,'''I actually wanted to first direct and produce, but then I got this very cool opportunity to be in front of the camera once.''' ,'''I learned how to handle myself in the kitchen - where to stand and how to be out of people's way and how to function like a machine.''' ,'''I didn't act in school. I didn't study acting, either. I learned everything when I got to New York.''' ,'''In an Indian kitchen, the focus is on getting the job or dish done right in whatever way possible; however, in a French kitchen there's a clear hierarchy, and a chef has to know where their skills are and not go beyond them.''' ,'''I think I've always been somebody to break rules.''' ,'''I remember once being told by a casting person, years ago, that I shouldn't pursue a career in the business because of the color of my skin. The fact that I remember it today means it stuck with me. I thought that was really stupid advice and advice nobody should ever give someone.''' ,'''I don't know about the whole song-and-dance thing. But if India will have me, the independent cinema scene there is something I'm really interested in.''' ,'''Definitely, I think I fulfill a very funny Indian stereotype because I love technology. It's something I've always been interested in.''' ,'''I love India so much. It's sort of the most chaotic but also disciplined place at the same time. Every time I go there, I feel like I'm ready to rock and roll.''' ,'''I studied business and also studied film, then I graduated, and I worked at a network. I was able to use my business skills there - I was an associate producer for a little bit.''' ,'''My family barbecued a lot; good barbecue is more complicated than you think.''' ,'''Steven Spielberg was my idol growing up. I knew that all of his movies have a very specific message and point of view, and the always are really epic.''' ,'''When I was in college, I studied business because I thought I wanted to be a director and producer.''' ,'''Working with Lasse Hallstroem was like a rollercoaster, because he doesn't have one specific vision. It changes daily, or it's always evolving.''' ,'''One really interesting thing for me was learning about kitchen etiquette, and the differences between an Indian kitchen and a French one. They're different in atmosphere, and also in how chefs maneuver within them.''' ,]
+++