+++
author = "Odell Beckham, Jr."
title = "Odell Beckham, Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Odell Beckham, Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "odell beckham, jr.,odell beckham, jr. quotes,odell beckham, jr. quote,odell beckham, jr. sayings,odell beckham, jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's always going to be bumps in the road. There's always going to be this and that, adversity. You just overcome it. It's what I've done all my life.''' ,'''I hate losing. Whether it's marbles, spades, blackjack, whatever it is.''' ,'''I've made mistakes. Like, bringing people to your level who don't deserve to be there. They're trying to bite off your so-called fame, make a name off of you. I think I did a lot of that - allowed people to be relevant in my life who really aren't relevant to me at all.''' ,'''I want to be the best.''' ,'''Basketball players aren't always the best dressers.''' ,'''I don't think the lifestyle that I have, the things going on in my life right now, you could put that on any 23-year-old kid. But, you know, I was raised right, and I'm prepared for whatever.''' ,'''I pretty much look like an identical twin of my mom.''' ,'''I never, ever thought I would be able to grow a beard like I have now. I think it's gonna be here for a little minute. Fear the beard, hopefully.''' ,'''I have big hands - I wear either a XXXL or XXL glove. I have a 6-8 wingspan on a 5-11 body - I can dunk. My wingspan allows me to do a lot of things that other people at my height might not be able to do.''' ,'''I'm trying to do big things. It doesn't matter whether it's on the field or off the field.''' ,'''I feel like God has blessed me so much already, and he keeps continuing to bless me.''' ,'''I've personally never had the chance to go to Lambeau Field.''' ,'''Pops played football for LSU. Ever since I can remember, I've been working with him running routes and stuff.''' ,'''As you get older, you grow and mature, and that should never stop. As soon as you stop growing, you're done living. I'll always be growing, forever learning, forever taking in advice from people I deeply respect.''' ,'''Life stuff happens. You get knocked down, and you get back up. That's just always been my mentality. I'm not really fazed by anything. It's in the past. There's nothing I can really do about it now. You learn from it, and you move on.''' ,'''I've worked hard throughout my entire life, but I don't think all the hard work could have produced the same results without all the genetics I was given.''' ,'''I'm competitive. I don't like to lose.''' ,'''I've always liked to dress up; I've always liked to look good. You look good, you feel good, you play good.''' ,'''Sure enough, my life has been filled with some pretty interesting things every single day.''' ,'''Just find what works for you, what style suits you best, and just be confident enough to rock it.''' ,'''Football is my sanctuary. It's where I go to escape. It's where I'm most happy.''' ,'''In high school, I used to draw on my arms with a Sharpie. I knew I was gonna have a lot of tattoos. I'm not exactly classified as an artist, so my drawings could only go so far as I could take 'em. Now my tats are all a story: There's not one I can remember where I got a tat just to get a tat. It's all a part of me. I don't think I'm finished yet.''' ,'''I get these weird divine feelings. They're, like, so strong I can't shake them.''' ,'''I think I just have to control what I can control. I can control myself. I can't control anything else but what I do. I definitely know I can do a better job at that.''' ,'''I never want any problems with anybody in this world.''' ,]
+++