+++
author = "Sharon Tate"
title = "Sharon Tate Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Sharon Tate Quotes"
keywords = "sharon tate,sharon tate quotes,sharon tate quote,sharon tate sayings,sharon tate saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We have a good arrangement. Roman lies to me and I pretend to believe him.''' ,'''I don't fool myself. I can't see myself doing Shakespeare.''' ,'''My whole life has been decided by fate. I've never planned anything that's happened to me.''' ,'''I guess I'm too outspoken.''' ,'''My whole life has been decided by fate.''' ,'''I guess I kind of lived in a fairytale world... looking at everything through rose-colored glasses. I probably always will, to a certain extent.''' ,'''My definition of love is being full. Complete. It makes everything lighter. Beauty is something you see. Love is something you feel.''' ,'''On TV, the children can watch people murdering each other, which is a very unnatural thing, but they can't watch two people in the very natural process of making love. Now, really, that doesn't make any sense, does it?''' ,'''Everything that's realistic has some sort of ugliness in it. Even a flower is ugly when it wilts, a bird when it seeks its prey, the ocean when it becomes violent.''' ,'''I'm very unpredictable. Very, very impulsive. Extremely. Absolutely! Sometimes I don't know what I want to do from one day to the next. I can't enjoy anything premeditated; I just do it as I feel it. But whatever I do is motivated by honesty.''' ,'''Sexiness is all in the eye of the beholder. I think it should be. Absolutely. My sex appeal, whatever it might be, isn't obvious... at least to me.''' ,'''I honestly don't understand the big fuss made over nudity and sex in films. It's silly.''' ,]
+++