+++
author = "John Stossel"
title = "John Stossel Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 John Stossel Quotes"
keywords = "john stossel,john stossel quotes,john stossel quote,john stossel sayings,john stossel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Patrick Henry did not say, 'Give me absolutely safety or give me death.' America is supposed to be about freedom.''' ,'''Why, in our 'free' country, do Americans meekly stand aside and let the state limit our choices, even when we are dying?''' ,'''As a free person, I ought to be allowed if I'm dying to take something.''' ,'''I saw how the regulation I called for made things worse, didn't help consumers and simple competition was better. And I started praising business and occasionally criticizing regulation.''' ,'''I've built my career on unpaid interns, and the interns told me it was great - I learned more from you than I did in college.''' ,'''I was bullied as a kid, and I got a job on television. And I had a camera. And so I wanted to go after those business bullies. And I just have been following that instinct.''' ,'''Give me a break.''' ,'''You can either invade a country or leave them alone and trade with them. When goods cross borders, armies don't.''' ,'''When we were scared about 9/11, we federalized the airport security, we spent millions for body armor for dogs in Ohio. All that over-reaction comes from fear and government - bad combination.''' ,'''There is all of this protesting against corporate power, but in reality, corporations have to persuade you - they could have a ton of money, but actually only government can use force.''' ,'''Living with the liberals, you get to hear their arguments, fight with them all the time. Keeps me alert.''' ,'''Companies don't get rich hurting their customers.''' ,'''What I've learned in 40 years of consumer reporting is that the market is imperfect, and some people get ripped off.''' ,'''I'm an American. I'm for prosperity. I've discovered, from 40 years of reporting, that what creates prosperity is limited government.''' ,'''Central authority is bad. The bias should be for freedom. And without a central authority, there are lots of little authorities, and we learn which ones to trust.''' ,'''Competition leads both drug companies and private regulators to be trustworthy. If they are not trustworthy, they die.''' ,'''I'm a libertarian. It's a terrible word.''' ,'''I was ashamed for people to see me struggle.''' ,'''I was a closet stutterer.''' ,'''Isn't allowing people a choice what America is all about?''' ,'''All our rights are gradually eroded as government gets bigger.''' ,'''When entrepreneurs are free to compete, they grow the pie so that everyone's share gets larger.''' ,'''No transaction happens unless it is voluntary. It only happens if both of you think you win.''' ,'''People like getting what they think is free stuff from government.''' ,'''The happiest stutterers, I learned, are those who are willing to stutter in front of others.''' ,'''The one thing I've learned is that stuttering in public is never as bad as I fear it will be.''' ,'''I never wanted to be an anchor for 25 years, and suddenly I wanted to be one.''' ,'''The people who tried government regulation have lives which are miserable.''' ,'''A thousand restaurants close every month. They re-open, and that's good for America. Nobody's rescuing them. They employ people, too. If we let them go bankrupt, the factories don't go away, the creative people don't go away. They get employed more productively by others.''' ,'''I like taking the subway to work.''' ,'''People acting in their own self-interest is the fuel for all the discovery, innovation, and prosperity that powers the world.''' ,'''I had to watch government fail for 25 years doing consumer reporting before I really saw it because intuitively, the reaction is problem, bring government and government will make it better.''' ,'''I won't ever got to a place that's racist, and I will tell everybody else not to and I'll speak against them. But it should be their right to be racist.''' ,'''We have all kinds of government compensation systems that are much more efficient than the lawyers.''' ,'''Happiness comes when we test our skills towards some meaningful purpose.''' ,'''Private businesses ought to get to discriminate.''' ,'''Take away the government's monopoly, and private groups will do it better.''' ,]
+++