+++
author = "Rhys Ifans"
title = "Rhys Ifans Quotes"
quotes_len = "91"
description = "the best 91 Rhys Ifans Quotes"
keywords = "rhys ifans,rhys ifans quotes,rhys ifans quote,rhys ifans sayings,rhys ifans saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You look at any culture, and prohibition has invariably been an unmitigated failure. It is just idiotic to criminalise any substance, I think.''' ,'''I freely admit that I am a bit of a misfit.''' ,'''I don't have a problem with green screen at all. I think children invented CGI. We invent worlds. A stick can become a sword. Or a bowl of stones can become a bowl of tomatoes. That's what children do, and that's what CGI enables us to do.''' ,'''Howard Marks is a great friend and a great Welshman.''' ,'''Very often, actors have to face being rejected time and again, and we must remember that the red carpet lasts just a minute.''' ,'''My personal life is invented for me, so why bother?''' ,'''If you've got a camera, go to a war zone and tell a story.''' ,'''For me, 'Come and See' is, by a million miles, the best film about war that has ever been made. I would highly recommend, encourage and enforce anyone to watch it.''' ,'''I never thought I would be in a film.''' ,'''I think that Liverpool's particular modern history lends itself to the cinema better than London in many ways. When you go to Liverpool, you absorb that whole sound and humour.''' ,'''Every time the Tories get a bit of power, they rip off all the things I love... The mining industry. Milk.''' ,'''Don't be late. Learn your lines. Be good to people. Treat people nice.''' ,'''I go to work, and I work very hard. I'm loyal, generous, true, kind, fair - all those boxes are ticked. I'm going to Heaven.''' ,'''I've reached a point in my career when I can demand certain conditions, and one of them is a weekend break every three weeks during the shoot.''' ,'''I'll move back to Wales if and when I have children. I want them to speak the language I speak, but I love living in London. It's my favourite city in the whole world. I love it because it's not England, it's London.''' ,'''Film can become stagnant as a medium.''' ,'''I'm a sporadic reader. I have moments when I can't stop... then I kind of forget that I can read. But then I go, 'Oh God, yeah, books!'''' ,'''As a Welsh speaker, I'm very conscious of how activism can effect real change.''' ,'''As an actor, our very palette is one of imagination. So it is a walk onto an empty space and then imagine the world beyond it is what we do.''' ,'''Well, I need to be frightened on a regular basis.''' ,'''Edward Curtis was a photographer in the late 19th century who tried to document the rapidly disappearing Native Americans. He assembled a canon of work which, today, is exemplary and invaluable.''' ,'''I come from a culture where the pub is the centre of the community. The pub is the Internet. It's where information is gathered, collated and addressed.''' ,'''In terms of partying and reckless abandon, I'm Don Juan. But, in terms of my heart, I'm the most loyal man you'll ever meet.''' ,'''Welsh women aren't the most tactile unless they're your relatives. And then you don't want them to be.''' ,'''Each generation needs a 'Spider-Man' to mirror their angst.''' ,'''Being on tour is a giggle.''' ,'''A pub can be a magical place.''' ,'''The war on drugs is being lost on a daily basis.''' ,'''I don't sit around with other actors and talk about the pain and the magic of acting.''' ,'''I think Liverpool generates generosity which rubs off - it's a good place to work and to party.''' ,'''When I'm not filming, I do rock n' roll; when I'm not doing rock n' roll, I do filming.''' ,'''The majority of comic book villains are pure evil, but Curt Connors is an exception. Curt Connors is a good man who initially wants to save the world, but he gets hungry and greedy and reckless, and he pays the price for that.''' ,'''I just don't take myself as seriously anymore. But as a result of that, I am taking myself more seriously. My ego has gone on holiday, and it can't get a flight back home.''' ,'''We're in an age of enlightenment, and we have a choice as a society which path to take.''' ,'''I'm Welsh. We didn't do 'Peter Pan.' We have far more ancient legends to be put to sleep with.''' ,'''I do find real life a bit overwhelming sometimes. I'm totally chaotic.''' ,'''I just don't buy the tabloids.''' ,'''I am essentially very shy. Which, I guess, is why I'm very good at not being shy.''' ,'''I've worked with Hollywood stars, but the reason most of the Hollywood stars I've worked with are Hollywood stars is that they're excellent actors, so I've been very lucky.''' ,'''Acting is a tough, difficult job with long unsociable hours, although it can be a brilliant job, too. I don't want to complain too much, as nurses, farmers and teachers are out working long hours.''' ,'''It is joyous for any actor to enter other grounds of consciousness and thought. At the end of the day, we just all like dressing up and playing around.''' ,'''My work is my way of expressing myself without being arrested.''' ,'''There aren't many odysseys in cinema for characters.''' ,'''If I'd been a rock star, I'd probably now be dead.''' ,'''I'm a factory-floor actor: I learn the lines, I get there on time.''' ,'''In a sense, I feel a lot more an outsider in Los Angeles than I did in Newfoundland.''' ,'''I've had the longest mid-life crisis ever.''' ,'''When I was taught Shakespeare in school, it was such an alien, sanitized puzzle, it made no sense.''' ,'''When you act, you've got to be like a poet or a musician. It's not about evidence before court. It's not a forensic subject. It's poetry; it's a completely different place.''' ,'''Every species has its pub.''' ,'''More than any other super-hero, 'Spider-Man' presents us with something very local in its ethics. It's not messianic. It's far more tangible.''' ,'''If you had to find a period in history that would equate to what the Internet has presented us with now, it would be Elizabethan England. It was a world in flux.''' ,'''Villains are fun. I think the important thing in playing them is that they don't see themselves as villains. It lets you be a little more expansive.''' ,'''When I was young, I was in a hurry to live. And now I'm just not in a hurry.''' ,'''I'm becoming more indulgent and less giving as an actor as I get older. I'm immersing myself more in roles emotionally.''' ,'''Whereas Superman is a godlike guy from another planet and Batman is this mysterious, unknowable billionaire, everyone in 'Spider-Man' is human and flawed.''' ,'''In Wales, singing and storytelling are party skills, not professions.''' ,'''I never think career.''' ,'''There's two kinds of rock n' roll casualty: the one that has huge success and adoration, and then suddenly it stops. Or there's when you're in a band: it is all-consuming, so then you have the dream of that, and then the dream's taken away from you even before it happens.''' ,'''Shyness is invariably a suppression of something. It's almost a fear of what you're capable of.''' ,'''Film and stage are very different; I don't necessarily prefer one over the other. Every few years, I get a big itch to go back to the theater. To learn humility, to learn bravery and to remind yourself that the pistons that drive your craft are working on full power. And to remind yourself how badly paid actors can be.''' ,'''I honed my passion for acting in theatre and education, and I think it's important not to belittle the child audience.''' ,'''Spider-Man is a school boy that's looking for his parents.''' ,'''On a conventional film, you do one take, and if it's good, they say, 'Let's do another one for insurance.'''' ,'''It's like a badge of honour if you're a British actor and you get the 'Harry Potter' call. It meant a lot to me.''' ,'''The older I get, I'm really reminded how important the arts are to our wellbeing as a society.''' ,'''What was extraordinary about Occupy London was that it was a village with a louder voice than one of the biggest cities of the world.''' ,'''The whole film genre is one of deceit. It is the suspension of disbelief. That's what all theater and all film is based on.''' ,'''It's a great life being an actor, and I wouldn't change it for anything.''' ,'''Club DJs don't talk to the crowd.''' ,'''I'm always flabbergasted and overwhelmed by the audience a film reaches.''' ,'''I work hard and I party hard. When I go to work, I know what I am doing and I do it to the best of my abilities. When I party, I take exactly the same rule book with me.''' ,'''Acting is not an intellectual process for me. It comes from my heart. It's this strange netherworld of osmosis where I simply become.''' ,'''I consider projects very deeply, but there's always a point in your life where there's a bit of randomity.''' ,'''It's every boy's dream to play Captain Hook.''' ,'''I don't do celebrity.''' ,'''The strange thing is, if I was speaking to drama students about the thing that you should do if you're lucky enough to know or to meet the character that you're playing, I'd say, 'It's obvious: you quiz them diligently about their experience.'''' ,'''I play really bad punk rock guitar.''' ,'''I think that all great art never strives to answer any questions; it just asks the appropriate ones at the appropriate time.''' ,'''I'm a passionate Welshman. I have a culinary relationship with language: I taste what I say because I have two languages, and each informs the other.''' ,'''I went to the Guilford School of Music and Drama, which was affiliated with the Royal Shakespeare Company. I was lucky enough to be taught by a beautiful, wonderful teacher called Patsy Rodenberg, who works a lot with the Royal Shakespeare Company as a voice coach and technician.''' ,'''I've done a lot of Shakespeare onstage, and I'm not convinced that the Earl of Oxford was the author of all those works, but I am convinced that the Stratfordian William Shakespeare was not. My feeling is that it was an amalgamation of many writers, in the same way that most films are a collaborative endeavor.''' ,'''People say: 'Oh, it's only acting,' but it's not ever just acting. At least not with me.''' ,'''If it is not scary, it is not worth doing.''' ,'''I'm a real magpie when it comes to music; it's all random, and there's no pattern to what I like.''' ,'''There is no such thing as a criminal life. Life is life, and life is criminalized. No one ever, in the history of life, has chosen a criminal life. No one has ever said, 'I want to be a criminal.' No one ever has done that.''' ,'''After you have been incarcerated for so long, whatever story is told in the aftermath is beautiful.''' ,'''I am not gadgety at all. It's not that I'm appalled by technology, but I've taken my time acquiring any of it.''' ,'''I am an artisan. I only became an artist when people watch what I do. That is when it becomes art.''' ,'''You know you are in a good film when it affects the audience.''' ,'''All punk rockers hate Christmas.''' ,]
+++