+++
author = "Maia Mitchell"
title = "Maia Mitchell Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Maia Mitchell Quotes"
keywords = "maia mitchell,maia mitchell quotes,maia mitchell quote,maia mitchell sayings,maia mitchell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I get on social media sometimes. I think it's good to find a balance and to be able to put your phone down.''' ,'''That's what's cool about working for Disney: everyone gets along. It's like a family.''' ,'''That's how I am - I don't like games, and I don't beat around the bush.''' ,'''I play guitar, so that's kind of my outlet, but its just something I want to keep for myself.''' ,'''There's been certain opportunities that have arisen that would have been financially quite advantageous but, creatively, would have steered me away from my career plan.''' ,'''If I were to explore music, I'd want to just focus on that and make that my priority.''' ,'''I'm not ruling out music forever. I'd love to do that, but if I ever did, I don't think it would be with a record label or anything like that. It might even look like me finding a band and kind of playing in bars.''' ,'''I have a family member who was in the foster system briefly, and so I've kind of grown up knowing about it myself.''' ,'''I never thought I would be recording on any professional level, so to be doing a rockabilly, Motown, pop soundtrack in a L.A. studio was completely bizarre and amazing.''' ,'''I didn't really like anyone in my high school - not like that, anyway. I had a lot of guy friends but no one that I had feelings for.''' ,'''It's fun to play dress up for work, but when you have those off-days, it's nice to just be low-key.''' ,'''I've never been to acting classes or anything like that. Everything I do is quite instinctual.''' ,'''I personally want to come across as authentic and real. I don't judge anyone.''' ,'''Everyone should be themselves, and everybody makes mistakes, and young people who have a platform like I have, I know people who have a much bigger platform who are much more influential, who have made mistakes and learnt from them and had to do that on a public stage.''' ,'''My mum always reminds me to trust my instincts. If a project doesn't feel right and doesn't excite me, it's likely it won't help me to get to where I want to be.''' ,'''If I'm in work mode and going to meetings, I'll make an effort and dress up, but when I'm at home or just chilling, I'm in beanies and jeans and sneakers.''' ,''''The Fosters' is such a fun show to shoot, and I always look forward to getting the new script because we keep pushing the boundaries.''' ,'''My mum always encouraged me that less is more, make-up wise. I think that's why I feel more confident when I have a fresh and natural face.''' ,'''I don't want to be that girl hobbling around in heels, falling in snow.''' ,'''I'd love to start doing some films and really kind of pursue acting as much as possible. That's really where my main focus is.''' ,'''I'd love to be on an Australian show and in Australian cinemas - they've really picked up their game.''' ,'''I want to do theater, TV, movies.''' ,'''I love '60s styles.''' ,'''I'm trying hard to keep my Australian accent. My mom would disown me if I didn't.''' ,'''I play guitar and write music, and that's definitely a huge part of my life, but it's my personal thing that I have for me.''' ,'''I have a very clear idea of what kind of career I want and the choices I need to make to get there.''' ,'''I have been very careful about what kind of products and companies I endorse just because I don't want to be promoting anything that I don't have any kind of connection to.''' ,'''I think that if you like someone, it is important to just make it known.''' ,]
+++