+++
author = "George Burns"
title = "George Burns Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 George Burns Quotes"
keywords = "george burns,george burns quotes,george burns quote,george burns sayings,george burns saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.''' ,'''Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.''' ,'''Happiness? A good cigar, a good meal, a good cigar and a good woman - or a bad woman; it depends on how much happiness you can handle.''' ,'''Too bad that all the people who know how to run the country are busy driving taxicabs and cutting hair.''' ,'''If it's a good script I'll do it. And if it's a bad script, and they pay me enough, I'll do it.''' ,'''I'm very pleased to be here. Let's face it, at my age I'm very pleased to be anywhere.''' ,'''You've got to be honest; if you can fake that, you've got it made.''' ,'''Everything that goes up must come down. But there comes a time when not everything that's down can come up.''' ,'''If you ask what is the single most important key to longevity, I would have to say it is avoiding worry, stress and tension. And if you didn't ask me, I'd still have to say it.''' ,'''I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.''' ,'''I spent a year in that town, one Sunday.''' ,'''I'm at the age now where just putting my cigar in its holder is a thrill.''' ,'''First you forget names, then you forget faces. Next you forget to pull your zipper up and finally, you forget to pull it down.''' ,'''You know you're getting old when you stoop to tie your shoelaces and wonder what else you could do while you're down there.''' ,'''You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.''' ,'''Acting is all about honesty. If you can fake that, you've got it made.''' ,'''I look to the future because that's where I'm going to spend the rest of my life.''' ,'''If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age.''' ,'''The secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning and a good ending, then having the two as close together as possible.''' ,'''I don't believe in dying. It's been done. I'm working on a new exit. Besides, I can't die now - I'm booked.''' ,'''This is the sixth book I've written, which isn't bad for a guy who's only read two.''' ,'''Nice to be here? At my age it's nice to be anywhere.''' ,'''I smoke ten to fifteen cigars a day. At my age I have to hold on to something.''' ,'''The most important thing in acting is honesty. If you can fake that, you've got it made.''' ,'''I would go out with women my age, but there are no women my age.''' ,'''When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick.''' ,'''How can I die? I'm booked.''' ,'''I can't afford to die; I'd lose too much money.''' ,'''I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.''' ,'''It takes only one drink to get me drunk. The trouble is, I can't remember if it's the thirteenth or the fourteenth.''' ,'''Too bad all the people who know how to run this country are busy running taxicabs or cutting hair.''' ,'''Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.''' ,'''At my age flowers scare me.''' ,'''It's hard for me to get used to these changing times. I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.''' ,'''It's good to be here. At 98, it's good to be anywhere.''' ,'''Be quick to learn and wise to know.''' ,'''Retirement at sixty-five is ridiculous. When I was sixty-five I still had pimples.''' ,'''Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.''' ,]
+++