+++
author = "Sam Trammell"
title = "Sam Trammell Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Sam Trammell Quotes"
keywords = "sam trammell,sam trammell quotes,sam trammell quote,sam trammell sayings,sam trammell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Peter Dinklage is one of my oldest friends from New York!''' ,'''When you get into Louisiana, it really is like a different country in a lot of ways. The plants you see are a little different, like the weeping willows and the cypress trees that come up out of the bayou. And it's steamy hot.''' ,'''I don't get sick of being naked, but the added pressure is staying in really good shape, because naked shape is a different kind of shape than just regular TV shape. Regular, having-your-clothes-on TV shape is intense, but naked TV shape is, I mean, you really have to watch what you eat.''' ,'''When you have kids, for me, it really changed me. I was always empathetic to other children, but now I'm so much more sensitive to children that aren't my own.''' ,'''In high school, I played in a Rush cover band.''' ,'''A lot of West Virginia is untouched. It doesn't have as many strip malls, it has these old towns that feel like it used to be how it looked. Charleston has this river that runs through it, and it's really beautiful.''' ,'''I was good at math, math was my thing - but I was not nearly good enough to be an astrophysicist. I was way outta my league. I realized this very quickly.''' ,'''Yeah, I spent my teen years in West Virginia, and when I was a kid, in Louisiana. I definitely have that exposure to two different sorts of rural: the South and Appalachia.''' ,'''When I wake up, I'll go through emails on my iPhone - the junk email. At that point, my brain isn't usually awake enough to handle anything more than that.''' ,'''When I was in high school, I was really into string theory and superstring theory and read 'Scientific American.' It's fascinating.''' ,'''In the country, it feels like you don't have control over nature anymore - nature is in control of you.''' ,'''I can't give a decent toast to save my life.''' ,'''I listen to KCRW in the car and Pandora radio, which I stream through the stereo from my iPhone. I've been listening to everything from Caribou to Conway Twitty. If I'm going on a longer car ride, I'll download some podcasts.''' ,'''I don't read a lot of magazines, but when I'm traveling, I'll pick up a copy of 'Vanity Fair' to read on the plane - it's like a full meal! The articles are so good, especially the crime stories. Browsing the Web is more like snacking - but I live on snacks.''' ,'''I used to work as a proofreader at Merrill Lynch.''' ,'''Because I see my own boys growing, and I see other children growing and I just have such a connection.''' ,'''I'm a vocabulary nerd.''' ,'''I'm horrible at remembering names, embarrassingly bad.''' ,'''There's also the tradition of voodoo, the Haitian magic arts, in New Orleans. And because New Orleans is below sea level, when they bury people in New Orleans, it's mostly above ground. So you have this idea that the spirits are more accessible and can access you more easily because they're not even buried.''' ,'''I'll watch CNN in the mornings to catch up on what's going on. On the weekends, I get the Sunday edition of 'The New York Times.'''' ,'''I definitely like to eat.''' ,'''Being a father is just wonderful.''' ,'''There's something about a humid, dusky evening that's kind of sexy.''' ,]
+++