+++
author = "Dove Cameron"
title = "Dove Cameron Quotes"
quotes_len = "84"
description = "the best 84 Dove Cameron Quotes"
keywords = "dove cameron,dove cameron quotes,dove cameron quote,dove cameron sayings,dove cameron saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love women. I love celebrating women.''' ,'''My absolute favorite thing about working on 'Liv and Maddie' is my cast and crew. The people that I spend almost every hour of every day with. Your cast has great influence over the quality of your life, and I've been blessed with not just a cast, but a family.''' ,'''I believe one's responsibility as a role model begins and ends with their perception of what a good role model is.''' ,'''My writers on 'Liv And Maddie' have started a running joke to try and sneak as many 'literally's into the script as they can to throw me.''' ,'''When you're 10, 11, 12, and you're watching your idols, you feel like you know them. I found more in common with these people when they talked in interviews than I did with my classmates.''' ,'''There is nothing like the buzz of singing one of your songs during a show and hearing your fans singing with you.''' ,'''Kristin Chenoweth had been my personal idol since I was, like, 6 or 7.''' ,'''Sure, they can take your binder, but they can't take whatever special thing you have inside you.''' ,'''There's no one who, at some point, hasn't had the feeling their life is on the rails and they can't do anything about it.''' ,'''My mother is a poet/novelist, and my father was a pianist and cook. Both artists who colored my personality and brain in ways I'm still discovering!''' ,'''I would love to do Broadway. That was my original aim, when I first started acting when I was 13. I wanted to do stage; I wanted to do musicals.''' ,'''My version of a good role model is everything that I have strived to become over the years, as I have a deep desire to live an honest life and give relentlessly and openly to people who look up to me.''' ,'''I made myself memorize how to spell antidisestablishmentarianism in under 3 seconds when I was 6 years old because my sister told me it was the longest word she knew.''' ,'''My absolute favorite thing about working on 'Liv and Maddie' is my cast and crew: the people that I spend almost every hour of every day with.''' ,'''I haven't grown since I was 13, and every girl cast opposite me isn't allowed to wear heels on camera, for fear that I would look minuscule. In all of the casting calls for my best friends on every project, it says in big, bold, red letters: 'Please no high heels.' It's a little embarrassing.''' ,''''Cloud 9' is an action/romantic comedy that focuses on the competitive world of snowboarding. We have glamorised it to so that all the players are on the cover of magazines, have all the interviews, and be on the television: so it is very high stakes.''' ,'''The first CD I ever bought was Gwen Stafani's first solo album. She was the light of my life when I was 8.''' ,'''Right when 'Liv and Maddie' had started, there was no roadmap for how to do a show where one girl played two. It's just not something that is often done, so we had nothing to refer to.''' ,'''I know that sounds dramatic, but shooting everything twice and going through the emotions of two different humans was crazy for me at 16. In terms of my career, that was something that really, really formed me.''' ,'''I'm a really big fan of all things macabre in general; Halloween happens to be my favorite holiday.''' ,''''Liv and Maddie' actually started out as a different show called 'Bits and Pieces,' and it was a completely different plot, although it was the same cast.''' ,'''It's hard to be a teenager. It's lonely, and you feel like no one understands you. I think that's natural, and my mother let me have the space to feel that way.''' ,'''At school, I felt out of place. I was bullied. I would think, 'These kids don't like me, they don't accept me,' but I felt like in the entertainment industry, I would fit in.''' ,'''I don't know that there's any rhyme or reason to bullying... it's not even the bully's fault, which is why it's such a difficult thing to combat.''' ,''''Hairspray' has never been irrelevant, which is, in some ways, heartbreaking.''' ,'''I take 'signs' in my life as seriously as advice from family and friends or proven facts. The universe speaks through events, y'all!''' ,'''I firmly believe there are no bad people.''' ,'''I would just say that human beings are stronger together. Relying on someone else is not a sign of weakness; it shows strength that you're able to accept that you need help.''' ,'''It's so crazy to meet people you've known about since you were many feet shorter than you are now.''' ,'''I think a lot of people think I'm either unintelligent because I'm a very happy person and I have a lot of energy or that it's a fake happiness, like fake energy. I completely understand that because it's a lot to handle, and I am a very emotional human being.''' ,'''Once, in high school, on a field trip away from school, some girls brought razors to shave their legs and threw them at me and told me to kill myself. But they were all insecure. They were angry, snapping at everybody.''' ,'''I had the poster of 'Hairspray' right above my bed. And I had the biggest crush on Zac Efron, of course.''' ,'''I was a huge show-choir girl!''' ,'''Playing two people is definitely difficult, but it's made possible by everyone around me, and it's a big team effort.''' ,'''One of my favorite things about working on 'Liv and Maddie' is the creative environment that has been designed for us by our lovely director, producers, and writers.''' ,'''I think that every human - and this is something, you know, like, your years from 14 to, like, 23 are kind of, like, super, super existential, and you're figuring out life.''' ,'''I honestly think what skyrocketed me into professionalism was learning how to play two people and still live through the day.''' ,'''I'm not a huge party girl. When I turned 18, the thing I was most excited about was being able to vote for the first time.''' ,'''Every single character I've ever played has a little bit of me in them just because every single human in the world has a little bit of everything in them.''' ,'''I think when things get hard with your family, it's really easy to want to isolate yourself. The world is so harsh, so when stuff happens outside, you want to go to your family, but when stuff happens inside your family, you sort of start to feel like, 'I'm alone. There is no place I can go to where just nothing will happen to me.'''' ,''''Liv and Maddie' is very near and dear to my heart. I'm very proud of it.''' ,'''Growing up, I've always been the baby. I'm the younger of two girls in my family, my friends are always older than I am, and I'm a rather small person in stature as well.''' ,'''I actually started snowboarding when I was 7 years old, so I felt very comfortable auditioning for a snowboarding movie, and I thought that would give me some leg up.''' ,'''Broadway was always sort of my trajectory before I found film and television - that would be really tremendous.''' ,'''I love my mom so much, and I always have, but I was definitely a monster to her a lot during my teen years.''' ,'''I wore a $30 vintage wedding dress for my 8th birthday in an underground jazz club in Seattle. This was what I wanted.''' ,'''When I'm acting, I just come up with people I've known, and I stick with it.''' ,'''It's not like you can say, 'This is the right side and this is the wrong side,' because obviously, a happy person is never going to want to inflict pain on somebody else. So the bullies are really victims themselves and yada, yada, yada, pop psychology, but it's true.''' ,'''I skipped ninth grade. I went from eighth to tenth, and then I graduated a year early to start working, and it was a big blessing for me because I was not a school person, although I really do miss having that kind of environment.''' ,'''Your average teenager can't relate to a girl who casts magic spells. But she does understand someone who is torn about her upbringing and the situation in her life.''' ,'''It started in middle school. Once, a group of girls locked me in the janitor's closet. Another time, a girl spilled chocolate milk down a dress I made. Girls would try to trip me in the hallway.''' ,'''Edgar Allan Poe, I think he's a brilliant poet. I was actually given a copy of his work when I was, like, 8 years old that was my grandfather's, and I still carry it around with me.''' ,''''Liv and Maddie' didn't start out as a twin show. I actually played a different character in the beginning, and it was neither of the twins.''' ,'''It's very interesting because as an actor, you play a litany of different roles, but to play both of them within the same day multiple times, in quick successions, it's different and sort of a really rare opportunity that I was initially terrified by and a little bit daunted by.''' ,'''Laziness in my biggest pet peeve of all time. Get up, make a plan, do the work, and love yourself, people!''' ,'''If you think about the people trying to hurt you, rather than just trying to hurt them back, you can understand it has nothing to do with you.''' ,'''I think it works differently for everyone. Some people do amazing things with research, but for me, it just gets convoluted, and I start to think too much.''' ,'''When I was younger, I barely left my room because I was busy watching clips of my favorite actors and performers on the Internet.''' ,'''I don't want to have to think about what is right; I want to live right. And what that means to me is going to be different to some of my fans, some of their parents, and some other role models.''' ,'''I think girls especially get so caught up in thinking like, 'Oh I have to be prim or proper or fun and sunshiny' when, like, you can be literally anything. You can be mannish; you can do whatever, and it's acceptable.''' ,'''I can't make eye contact when people sing 'Happy Birthday' to me.''' ,'''The whole novelty and challenge of playing twins is something that has kept things wonderfully fresh for me. Just the pure joy and freedom of being able to explore so many facets of not just one, but two, different characters at once is a very singular experience.''' ,'''Samuel L. Jackson is such a riot. He's so incredibly normal, and he's a blast to be around. I can't even describe to you how he's just sort of everybody's crazy uncle.''' ,'''As an actor, you are either emulating someone else, or some version of yourself.''' ,'''I know I don't look edgy, but I have found that in my personality, I just have this natural energy that I enjoy edgier characters, and I really want a chance to sink my teeth into something like that.''' ,'''Everything is just so much more romantic and real when it's yours and it's private.''' ,'''I have always felt like I was just sort of waiting to catch up to the rest of myself.''' ,'''Jessica Lange is my all-time favorite actress.''' ,'''I love 'Extreme Makeover Home Edition.' It feeds my Fantasy Dream Home monster that lives inside of me.''' ,'''I was from a tiny little island, which I always say is one corn field away from a horror film: it was, like, isolated, and everybody knew everybody, and you go to school with the grandkids of the grandparents that your grandparents went to school with.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I always wanted to dye my hair crazy colors.''' ,'''I personally believe in progress. I think one of the most debilitating and harming things you can do to a child is to keep them in the dark.''' ,'''This may be a bit of a broad statement, but I don't think there's anyone that I've met that I haven't created a bit of a deep relationship with. It's a really lovely thing to create a relation with people that might not anticipate that closeness. And that's kind of the light of my life, getting to be close to people.''' ,'''Singing has been a passion of mine, equal to or greater than acting, ever since I was very small.''' ,'''I have been snowboarding since I was seven years old.''' ,''''Barely Lethal' is a non-Disney project, and is with Samuel L. Jackson, Hailee Steinfeld, and Jessica Alba. It is a really, really phenomenal film.''' ,'''I'm very competitive and academic.''' ,'''I had the longest awkward phase. I had braces for 3 years; I cut my own bangs too far back and they looked like a bowl cut, and I broke my nose twice.''' ,'''I grew up without a television, so when I went to L.A., it was sort of, you know, a lot to take in, but it actually suited me more than where I was from, so I sort of had that 'home away from home' feeling, and L.A. is definitely home now.''' ,'''I'm never not planning for my future house. Most of the files on my laptop are devoted to different rooms in my dream house. I'm embarrassing.''' ,'''I have a lot of affection to give, and sometimes I'm a little overbearing.''' ,'''Truthfully, I'm incredibly shy, and I'm very awkward around boys.''' ,'''I have so many peers who say, 'I need to get away from my parents,' because even though they love the business and they love their parents, they feel like they are letting their parents down if they don't work to the bone. As a parent, you should be the safe place.''' ,'''I love the snow! I actually cannot stand the beach.''' ,]
+++