+++
author = "James Conner"
title = "James Conner Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 James Conner Quotes"
keywords = "james conner,james conner quotes,james conner quote,james conner sayings,james conner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just execute the plays that they call.''' ,'''That's what we play for, that's why we show up every day, that's the ultimate goal, is to get a ring.''' ,'''I like the Steelers now just because I played in Pittsburgh. I'm a fan, but I liked the Cowboys growing up. I like Emmitt Smith a lot.''' ,'''We got Jaylen Samuels who's a tremendous receiver, a talented runner. We got Benny Snell. We know the work that he did at Kentucky. He's a hard-bodied runner, so all those guys will get touches.''' ,'''I kind of stay away from the mock drafts and stuff. It's hard, obviously, in this day and age with social media... so I might look at it for a quick second, but if it's not one of the 32 teams, it's not important.''' ,'''My goals for my career are a couple of Pro Bowls, a Super Bowl. I never won a championship in college or high school, so I want to be a Super Bowl champion.''' ,'''I've been working out hard, my film is out there. With my history, I've got to show teams I'm healthy and let God take care of the rest.''' ,'''You've got to earn it every day. It's never enough when you think you've done enough. That's when you start to get on the decline... You've got to earn it every day, practice hard and show you belong.''' ,'''My running style has got me this far, so I continue to do it. I'm not going to change my game completely. I'm a running back.''' ,'''The mind is way more powerful than you could think of.''' ,'''I want to just do my job and have a big impact on the organization, and hopefully be in the Hall of Fame one day.''' ,'''If I never had this knee injury I would've been on the field and I probably would've been feeling out of shape and that I've got to work even harder. I'd be taking shots to the chest. I could've died on the field.''' ,'''I believe I'm experienced, it's my third year, I know what to expect... Just stay tuned in at practice, watching in the film room, doing everything you can for your body to stay right... I don't even like to call myself an old veteran, it's only my third year, but I believe I know what it takes.''' ,'''It's an honor, really, to be a Pro Bowler.''' ,'''I play for those young kids with cancer or anybody who went through a tragedy in their life.''' ,'''I do all the right things, try to be a good person, eat healthy.''' ,'''Everybody's got their own story. I'm just trying to add to mine. It's cool to be an inspiration to others.''' ,'''You've got two veins; one carries blood directly to the body, one carries blood to the heart. That tumor was growing and was pressing on that vein. That vein was getting skinnier and skinnier.''' ,]
+++