+++
author = "Holly Johnson"
title = "Holly Johnson Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Holly Johnson Quotes"
keywords = "holly johnson,holly johnson quotes,holly johnson quote,holly johnson sayings,holly johnson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One U.S. hit single and a hit T Shirt in 1985 does not a celebrity make.''' ,'''This hype word bothers me though It always sounds like an accusation, what does it mean, advertising, column inches in the press? Bands themselves are never really responsible for all of that. That is something that happens to you when you sell millions of records.''' ,'''Although we were The Spice Girls of 1984 in Europe, My work has never been widely promoted in the U.S.''' ,'''I am financing the recording myself. So I have no big names to drop.''' ,'''What can I tell you? I continue to be creative, but have only been commercially successful outside of the U.S.''' ,'''To see a player dunk in women's college basketball is just amazing. It's great to see that the game has reached that level now.''' ,'''I think it's been the topic of conversation for every one... If the U.S. is hit again, how are we going to handle it? Our troops are all over the place.''' ,'''I always saw being in a band a full time job.''' ,'''I always saw myself as a multi media artist.''' ,'''Let's face it I am not Joan Collins or Boy George.''' ,'''I wanted to make the kind of records that I heard in the discos that I danced in at that time. Funky, electronic sounds, while the musicians in the band were more rock oriented. This I suppose created the sound we know as Frankie Goes To Hollywood.''' ,'''Writing is a creatively rewarding occupation but for me very time consuming.''' ,'''We have such a high drop-out rate from musicians, said the head of the college. He was right - I dropped out before I even dropped in. Months later they were still asking what had happened to me, not realising that I was on a UK tour.''' ,]
+++