+++
author = "Youngboy Never Broke Again"
title = "Youngboy Never Broke Again Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Youngboy Never Broke Again Quotes"
keywords = "youngboy never broke again,youngboy never broke again quotes,youngboy never broke again quote,youngboy never broke again sayings,youngboy never broke again saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think music made me who I am. Music taught me what was gutter and what wasn't. Music taught me how to live.''' ,'''I don't really trust nobody.''' ,'''I always try to make my next song better than the last.''' ,'''I got a lot of money, but when you wealthy, that mean that your children is ballin', your grandchildren is ballin'.''' ,'''I don't really talk that much. I just watch and observe.''' ,'''I know when people are with me or not. It's an instinct.''' ,'''I ain't got nothing to prove to nobody.''' ,'''I come from a rare place. It's a different culture, different atmosphere, police crooked. Different emojis, and when I say emojis, I mean personalities.''' ,'''Without loyalty, you won't accomplish anything.''' ,'''You can get to know me through my music.''' ,'''I'm committed to my family.''' ,'''I don't know how I started rapping. The first I did was at school. I tried writing one. I liked it. People started to like it. It was what I wanted to do.''' ,'''I don't like my music. I'll make a song, and if I do like it, I'll feel it, but after that 10th play, I don't like it no more.''' ,'''I wanted to try a different way of making music. That's what made me try different things with my voice.''' ,'''I have all bad days. I think I need help. I got an anger problem.''' ,'''I try to keep my kids with me everywhere I go.''' ,'''I wrote my first song in the first or second grade.''' ,'''I'm just trying to be myself - make music how I make music.''' ,'''You probably can overcome what you're going through from listening to my music.''' ,'''The only thing that scares me is dying.''' ,'''I just know what I go through, and I know how to speak on it in an interesting way.''' ,'''I just keep recording. You never know what you'll come up with.''' ,'''I got my way with my grandma. I used to get whoopings with my mom, but my grandma spoiled me.''' ,]
+++