+++
author = "Mallory Jansen"
title = "Mallory Jansen Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Mallory Jansen Quotes"
keywords = "mallory jansen,mallory jansen quotes,mallory jansen quote,mallory jansen sayings,mallory jansen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have admired David Bromley's work for years. He possesses such a wild and vivid imagination and really sees the beauty in everything.''' ,'''Doing comedy is one of the best gifts in life.''' ,'''It's funny because when I'm outside Australia, I never get to do my Australian accent in anything. It's always a Danish accent or an English accent or an American accent.''' ,'''Long hair, for me, is actually less maintenance. I went through a phase when I was kid where I wanted a pixie cut. At the time I thought it looked awesome, but I look back and I looked like such a dork! When I have short hair, I feel like I have to blow dry it, or it doesn't sit properly.''' ,'''Jimmy Grants is my first stop every time I go home to Australia. They make the best souvlakis you have ever tasted.''' ,'''I used to know all the lyrics to all the songs from 'The Phantom of the Opera.'''' ,'''My parents would always tell you that I was the crazy princess growing up. I was a drama queen.''' ,'''To be honest, I grew up with Alan Menken's music.''' ,'''Rome is possibly my favorite city in the world. I have such fond memories there - most of them food related.''' ,'''I was doing those roles on ABC Family late in the year, and at the same time, I was auditioning for 'Galavant.' But 'Galavant' was quite a wide casting call. I wasn't recommended or anything. It just kind of happened.''' ,'''I love doing eyes - my signature look is a cat eye. I think it's so feminine, and it reminds me of old Hollywood.''' ,'''You honestly can't go wrong with All Saints. I live in their leather!''' ,'''I've never had a cold Christmas, as I always spend it back home in Australia.''' ,'''Growing up, I was always in my high school musicals and everything, but I kind of stopped doing all that when I finished school and acting became my main priority.''' ,'''If I'm going to the gym or the shops to get food, then I don't need to do anything - I'll just put on a pair of sunnies, and that's enough.''' ,'''Most days, I still feel like I need to be wearing mascara, eyeliner, have my eyebrows done, have on bronzer - the whole thing! I may as well do it all.''' ,'''I would like to spend Christmas in different countries all over the world. I love seeing how different cultures celebrate the holidays in their own unique ways.''' ,'''I think every woman in their life wants to give a good face smack.''' ,'''Growing up, I was in all the musicals and everything... I'd come home from school and bash out a few Whitney Houston songs.''' ,'''My dad likes to recite the story of 'Pablo the Donkey' before dinner to teach us the real meaning of Christmas. Every year, it's the same; every year, we cringe!''' ,'''I love the smell of a real Christmas tree - also, my mum's Christmas pudding with brandy sauce.''' ,]
+++