+++
author = "Chris Coleman"
title = "Chris Coleman Quotes"
quotes_len = "92"
description = "the best 92 Chris Coleman Quotes"
keywords = "chris coleman,chris coleman quotes,chris coleman quote,chris coleman sayings,chris coleman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Football is whatever you want to play.''' ,'''When you have players like Aaron Ramsey, Gareth Bale, and Joe Allen, you've got to play football.''' ,'''When you are in an international camp, you are together for 10 days. You eat three times a day together. You spend a lot of time in each other's company. That 10 days is very important ,and I think even times for training, times when you eat, meetings, this that and the other, a lot has got to change in that camp.''' ,'''When you talk about professional footballers, rightly or wrongly, people often already have an idea in their head about what they're like; they'll paint a picture before they've met them.''' ,'''There's not many Premier League clubs as big as Sunderland, with their fanbase and stadium and facilities.''' ,'''People talk about great motivators, but I think motivation has to come from within the individual first, because if you haven't got that inner strength yourself, and belief and you want to do well, it doesn't matter what anybody else says. You have to have that; it has to be inbuilt.''' ,'''You take someone like Gareth Bale out of your team, and you are going to miss that.''' ,'''The biggest word in football, and it's a dirty word - no one likes to use it - is accountability.''' ,'''I think, a lot of guys who want to be professional football players, they see the Premiership players, and they see the finished article, but there's a lot of hard work that's gone into their careers for them to get there. There's a lot of sacrifice, and I think people tend to forget that.''' ,'''I never played in a World Cup. I wasn't good enough.''' ,'''It's not so nice when you don't feel wanted.''' ,'''I'm a Welshman through and through.''' ,'''I'm really happy for Sam Vokes. He doesn't always start, but he always turns up and works so hard.''' ,'''Northern Ireland, England, Scotland - when we play each other, you don't want to lose to a neighbouring country.''' ,'''Where do you go from Real Madrid that's better? There's one or two clubs up there but none better.''' ,'''Concentration and focus - they are very important, just as important as in anything, I suppose, if you're going to succeed. I've seen a lot of good players on the training ground, but when it comes to the game, they can't keep the same levels up on a Saturday.''' ,'''Wales was a great pleasure. It's the biggest honor I've ever had, to lead my country.''' ,'''If you want to become a professional football player at any level, when you're growing up, you have to make sacrifices, and it's very difficult. It's not easy, but you have to train hard, you have to live right, and you have to rest.''' ,'''It's difficult when you're young and you're not playing for your club.''' ,'''I've watched parents sometimes on the touchlines at youth games, and they are screaming and shouting, which is not the way to go.''' ,'''Since I was five or six years old, I just wanted to be a professional football player. I wanted to play against the best players. I wanted to play in big stadiums in front of big crowds, and I was desperate to play for my country one day, and thankfully, I was lucky enough that happened.''' ,'''I won't tolerate players not giving everything they've got.''' ,'''Robbie James, who was a real good friend of mine, died on the pitch at 40.''' ,'''Tournament football is unlike anything else. The campaign can be great, but a finals is a different challenge.''' ,'''Working abroad made me better.''' ,'''When a special moment happens, I really enjoy it, but I'm over it quite quickly. I remember it, yes, but I want to chase the next one.''' ,'''When you're playing for Real Madrid, even when you're playing well, you're under scrutiny.''' ,'''Don't be afraid to have dreams.''' ,'''You can only ask someone of their best. That's it. If you lose, and you've given your best, that's how it goes.''' ,'''Because football is an emotional game, it's full of feeling, and that's why we try to train with a smile on our face. At the same time, we work very hard, but it's a fine line, and you've got to try and get that balance right if you can.''' ,'''My dad was Dublin born and bred - a Dublin boy - but he always pushed me to play for what was Wales Under-15s in my day.''' ,'''I get the Swansea-Cardiff thing: I was a Swansea player; I loved playing against Cardiff. But when I played for Wales and played with Jason Perry or Nathan Blake, I never saw them as blue and white and me as black and white.''' ,'''At international level, I've only ever wanted Wales.''' ,'''I've had more failures than I've had success, but I'm not afraid to fail.''' ,'''Even when I was growing up as a young boy, when I was playing schoolboy football, there were other guys who were as good as I was, maybe some even better technically. But I was prepared to stick to what was going to make me become a professional football player when I left school, and that was a lot of sacrifice and because my attitude was right.''' ,'''I've never taken a bung, and I've never been approached to take one.''' ,'''It's naive of anyone to think there is no corruption in football because it's everywhere.''' ,'''To manage another country? No, I wouldn't. That's not something I would consider.''' ,'''Ability-wise, when you see the best of Aaron Ramsey... at his best, is he good enough for Barcelona? Yes he is, at his best.''' ,'''I think average players are able to play well now and again, or they'll play very, very well. Good players or great players, nine times out of ten, they have good games.''' ,'''Being a manager is the closest buzz I'll ever get to playing. For every low, you get a high, and that becomes an addiction and a feeling you are always chasing.''' ,'''Getting the best out of your best players gets the best out of the team.''' ,'''Champions League football in the Premier League - you're talking about the top, big, massive clubs, and it's not something I think I'd get linked with.''' ,'''I thought the first Welsh team I played in was the golden generation, with Neville Southall, Mark Hughes, Ian Rush, Dean Saunders, Gary Speed, and Ryan Giggs.''' ,'''You can't manufacture team spirit; it doesn't come from having a good night out and a laugh.''' ,'''It's not just about talent. It's about having players with good mentality.''' ,'''That's not always a nice feeling when you've given everything, and it's not enough - it's an empty feeling.''' ,'''I think everybody is under the impression that everyone wants to work in the Premier League. I want to work at the top level like everyone else, but it doesn't mean that's the Premier League.''' ,'''I'm never content, and I don't know if that's a curse or a good thing.''' ,'''It doesn't help me to burn bridges, but I'm not going to sit back and be given blame when I don't deserve it.''' ,'''I don't spend enough time with my children, but when I am with them, I like to help them with their homework - even though they know more than me!''' ,'''As long as my guys are out there and doing what I'm asking, and they're giving their best, I don't think anybody can ask for much more than that.''' ,'''When you are being bullied a long way from home, when you face that challenge, that is where you find out a lot about yourself.''' ,'''You work all your life to get the top; you don't want to give that up.''' ,'''I know Roy Hodgson very well; he rarely changes tactically.''' ,'''I never played in a European Championship. I wasn't good enough.''' ,'''For Ashley Williams, he doesn't score many, but what a leader.''' ,'''Everybody fails.''' ,'''It's nice to be in an environment where you feel wanted.''' ,'''I don't actually think about going down in history.''' ,'''If you ask any manager after a defeat, you want to be as far away from it as you can.''' ,'''If you are a club manager and things are going well, it's a great feeling because you've got the whole city behind you. If you're manager of your country and it's going well - and you've got a whole nation proud of you - I can't describe how that feels.''' ,'''I've got a strong relationship with Kit Symons.''' ,'''Sometimes in football, the best team does not necessarily win; it's the team that plays best on the day that prevails.''' ,'''I shared a dressing room with Alan Shearer. I used to watch the opposition looking at him, and they'd be thinking they need to score more than one because Shearer is going to score, and he scores every game. That psychological advantage is fantastic.''' ,'''I've been in football a long time and one thing you don't do is when things are going well, you don't get carried away. And when they don't, you stay positive.''' ,'''I think, from our point of view, my opinion is that La Liga, the tempo and physicality is completely different to the Premier League. Technically, some of the teams there are absolutely tip top.''' ,'''Any success I have had has not happened overnight; the journey has never felt like me sitting in the back of a limousine sipping champagne. It has always been more like riding up a hill on a pushbike, and the chain has come off.''' ,'''Every time I manage Wales and you win, the feeling is better than I've ever had as a club manager.''' ,'''My next job after Wales, whenever that is, will be somewhere abroad.''' ,'''I can remember when I was a 17-year-old at Swansea and Terry Yorath and Tommy Hutchison were in charge.''' ,'''Of course training is very important, but resting is just as important. You have to get your recuperation, and I think all players make that mistake where they train hard but they don't rest enough, and even our school boy players, we tell them to get a lot of rest.''' ,'''There are a lot of good managers out of work because there are only so many jobs out there, and if you get it wrong two jobs running, it's hard to get a third one. That's generally the rule.''' ,'''Every job I've taken, I like to bring in some new faces.''' ,'''The dressing room is not the place where you show emotion.''' ,'''I have a lot of time and respect for Roy Hodgson; he's a very good manager.''' ,'''I've known John Toshack a long, long time because I grew up with his son Cameron. If he was English, there is no doubt that he would be mentioned in the same breath as someone like Terry Venables.''' ,'''For me, the training has to be a mixture of hard work - it has to have a good structure, a good base - but also, I don't want all my players to be like machines.''' ,'''I'm a believer that you're as good as your best game because that's the level that you can get to.''' ,'''I don't like talking past the next game. It's never served me right in the past.''' ,'''Players hold a lot of their emotions in.''' ,'''I have played international football myself.''' ,'''With success comes complacency if you let it happen. It is human nature; there is that urge to think about how well you have done.''' ,'''I've got the opportunity to manage a big football club, a seriously big football club, and I wasn't going to turn that down.''' ,'''You have to do a lot of planning, certainly in football. We watch the opposition three or four times before we play them.''' ,'''Football can change really quickly; you really are king for a day. Once you get caught up with things and think you've arrived... you've never arrived in football.''' ,'''When I was playing, I always preferred to be meeting a side like the Faroe Isles or San Marino early doors. Do things right in those games, and you knew you would get six points on the board, at least be up and running and challenging in the group.''' ,'''When I was at Swansea, I lost Alan Davies, who was only 30.''' ,'''He was a huge football man - he loved football. He was a good parent, a great father, and brilliant with me.''' ,'''I have been relegated as a player, and I have suffered the feeling of failure. It is awful, and when you are part of an international outfit that gets so close, and you don't do it, it is not a good feeling. I don't want that again. I want to be part of a team that does something no one else has done.''' ,'''My best mates are my mates from school, and we have always stayed close.''' ,'''I surround myself, not with yes men, but people who have their own ideas and are on board with with I want to do.''' ,]
+++