+++
author = "Jeff Ament"
title = "Jeff Ament Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Jeff Ament Quotes"
keywords = "jeff ament,jeff ament quotes,jeff ament quote,jeff ament sayings,jeff ament saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Make movies. Don't make videos. Videos are evil.''' ,'''I've seen kids turn their lives around. It's usually a kid who's outside of the team-sport world, or maybe has a darker personality or doesn't fit in. Skateboarding ends up being something they latch onto. It sounds hokey, but finding a focus on something - whether it's skateboard or playing your guitar - can be life changing.''' ,'''I have to go someplace where I can soak myself in a creative atmosphere.''' ,'''Our first record didn't come out on vinyl, so I think that might have had something to do with actually being in a position to make sure that it came out in vinyl this time. It sounds way better.''' ,'''Unless you're a vegan freak of nature like Tony Gonzalez, I don't think you can play sports much past your early 30s.''' ,'''It's hard for us not to be involved with things. When you have so much information and you see so much need, there's too much going on for us not to get involved.''' ,'''I've been interested in Eastern religions since I went to college because I was trying to figure out where I stood with Catholicism.''' ,'''I feel like in a lot of ways I can relate to the fans, just being a fan of music myself.''' ,'''Where I grew up, I could be a punk rocker and a jock. But in college, it became apparent that those two worlds didn't mix. When I brought my guitar back to school after Thanksgiving break, a friend handed me his bass and said, 'Listen to the Ramones.'''' ,'''I had a portable 8-track player under all my ramps, cranking one of my four 8-tracks - Cars/'Candy-O,' Ramones/'Road To Ruin,' Cheap Trick/'Heaven Tonight' and the first Devo record. I don't remember skating without music.''' ,'''I'm healthy enough to still skate, so I gotta go because growing up I didn't have - I mean, I grew up in Montana so... there was kind of a little half-pipe in my yard, and that was the extent of the skate terrain in Montana. So I've got to go out and make up for lost time.''' ,'''I get lost in my right brain, especially in creative things.''' ,'''Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love talked trash about the fact that I hooped. I once stopped to say 'Hi' before a show, and as I walked away, Courtney yelled, 'Go play basketball with Dave Grohl!'''' ,'''There really is a certain magic that happens when you're in the studio. And it's important in life to feel that magic: to feel that there is something greater moving all this along.''' ,'''I love sad. Sadness makes you feel more than anything.''' ,'''I led the state in defensive interceptions my senior year, with seven in nine games. Then I went to Montana to play basketball and found out quickly that my college career wasn't going to work out how I'd envisioned it.''' ,'''With Pearl Jam, everybody is so good at what they do, it's hard to get up the courage to say, 'Can I sing this part,' or, 'I want to play guitar.'''' ,'''Everything Ticketmaster stands for is what we're fighting against. They're just a small cog in a machine where the artist is at the bottom.''' ,'''Punk rock and skateboarding took the 'school' out of living your life, and I related to learning as I went, doing a lot of different things that I liked, when I liked. Consequently, I'm mediocre at all of the above, but still stoked on being a lifetime student of music, skating, painting, writing, etc.''' ,'''Ever since I picked up a bass, I've written songs.''' ,'''All you have to do is drive by the empty tennis courts and basketball courts and compare them to the skate parks... c'mon people, get with the program - the future is now!''' ,'''With Pearl Jam, everybody is so good at what they do, it's hard to get up the courage to say, Can I sing this part, or, I want to play guitar. I feel like I have more courage to do that.''' ,'''That's probably half the reason I wanted to be in a band - I wanted to see the world.''' ,'''Right after 'Backspacer,' my best friend got killed tragically. Something happened to me then where I got super motivated. I had a shelf of all this unfinished music... So I just went to work and made a conscious decision that I was going to finish a bunch of stuff. Life's short.''' ,'''I played djembe, percussion, keyboards and I sang.''' ,'''I didn't write this song. Someone was talking in a room. I just wrote down everything they said.''' ,'''When I moved to Seattle, I was hanging out with kids who had done drugs, had sex a million times. I look at them now and realize their childhood was taken away.''' ,'''It was hard to figure out what were the good causes, the bad causes, even the good politics and the bad politics. So we started taking requests and figuring it out.''' ,'''I'm not going to say no to playing a show in Missoula.''' ,'''Everybody got away from what Pearl Jam are supposed to be.''' ,'''I certainly didn't want to be in a punk rock band, because I had already been in a punk rock band. I wanted to be in a band that could do anything - like Led Zeppelin.''' ,'''We just finished making a record. Everybody wants to play shows, so we're going to after that.''' ,'''Every few years I'll party way too much to remind myself what an idiot I am.''' ,'''I don't have a great voice or even a good voice.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of power trios where there's only three instruments.''' ,'''We went to Big Sur about three years ago and hung out at the Esalen Institute.''' ,'''We've always been a band that stood up for what we thought was right.''' ,'''I just have a serious problem with business for business' sake: this bottom-dollar mentality. I have a serious problem with evil.''' ,'''It's great that people are basically spending their two weeks of vacation to come out and be with us in some weird part of the world. And I think we owe it to them to take 'em to some cool places.''' ,]
+++