+++
author = "Lily-Rose Depp"
title = "Lily-Rose Depp Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Lily-Rose Depp Quotes"
keywords = "lily-rose depp,lily-rose depp quotes,lily-rose depp quote,lily-rose depp sayings,lily-rose depp saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Chanel has always been this big thing for me - there are baby pictures of me wearing my mom's Chanel pumps.''' ,'''I wanted to be a singer, but once I started acting, I felt so comfortable. Now, all I want to do is act.''' ,'''I've done yoga, and it's fun, but I'm not the kind of person that can wake up and do it every morning. It's like, I have to be in the mood.''' ,'''If you're shooting a really serious, dramatic scene, personally I wouldn't want to look at the camera.''' ,'''I have a good time when I'm acting, and bottom line, I just want to enjoy myself and be a happy person, and acting makes me happy. I enjoy it, and it's a good way to escape yourself. You just become somebody else for a little bit, and it's a lot of fun.''' ,'''Just like food, you could think peanut butter is your favorite food for 5,000 years and then be like, 'I actually like burgers better', you know? I was just trying to say that kids and people in general don't have to label themselves and say, 'I'm straight' or 'I'm gay' or 'I'm whatever.'''' ,'''I'm very specific about what I put out on social media about myself. But that's also why I like social media: because it feels like the only thing that I have to control my own image.''' ,'''My parents were very calm about the photographers, the fans, and all that. But I understood right away that I hadn't done anything to deserve that attention. No matter what happens, it will be there. I didn't choose it. You just can't take that too seriously. You need to live your life. And stay calm.''' ,'''I first started using social media when I was 12 or something - not publicly; I had private accounts.''' ,'''I'm a Gemini, very spontaneous.''' ,'''For as long as I can remember, I've just loved Chanel.''' ,'''I was just trying to say that it's unnecessary; you don't need to label yourself. I guess it came off the wrong way, because then everyone labelled me as gay. That's not what I was trying to say. Not that there's anything wrong with that, of course!''' ,'''Being able to feel free and comfortable in your character's skin is so important.''' ,'''I just shot my first dramatic movie in France, and for those dramatic scenes that I shot, I would not want to look at those. There's a certain mindset you have to put yourself into for those scenes, and looking at the monitor would just take you out of it.''' ,'''I can act every single day because I love it; it's just so liberating. It might be rare, but there are certain moments when you really don't feel like yourself. When you are in the character so fully, it's the best feeling ever. I so love it. Even if those moments come just once a day or every other day, they are just worth it.''' ,'''I never like revealing too much about myself. Once you start giving people that look into your life, then they just want more and more.''' ,'''My mom gave me a Chanel dress when I was younger. I felt special. I think anybody feels special in Chanel.''' ,'''I would be much less stressed out without social media. I am constantly afraid of getting hacked. It's like being afraid of stepping on glass.''' ,'''Art is such a personal experience, I really try to make my own thing.''' ,'''If you like something one day, then you do, and if you like something else the other day, it's whatever.''' ,'''You don't have to label yourself, because it's not set in stone. It's so fluid, and there's so much pressure on kids to label themselves and say, 'This is what I am; this is what I like.'''' ,'''When I was a baby, I wore my mom's Chanel pumps - to be able to say that I work with Karl Lagerfeld is a dream come true.''' ,'''My parents weren't very strict. They've always trusted me to be independent and make my own decisions. There wasn't really anything to rebel against.''' ,'''It might be rare, but there are certain moments when you really don't feel like yourself. When you are in the character so fully, it's the best feeling ever. I so love it. Even if those moments come just once a day or every other day, they are just worth it.''' ,'''I am a little into yoga.''' ,'''I grew up with the media circus. My whole life. My parents were very calm about the photographers, the fans, and all that. But I understood right away that I hadn't done anything to deserve that attention. No matter what happens, it will be there. I didn't choose it. You just can't take that too seriously. You need to live your life. And stay calm.''' ,'''It is delicate being my age and trying to do all the regular teenager stuff, and then having that in the spotlight.''' ,'''The only movies I want to do are the ones I'm passionate about. I care about school, and I'm still a kid. I want to live like that while I can.''' ,]
+++