+++
author = "P.K. Subban"
title = "P.K. Subban Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 P.K. Subban Quotes"
keywords = "p.k. subban,p.k. subban quotes,p.k. subban quote,p.k. subban sayings,p.k. subban saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's not good enough just to hold your head high because you're one of the highest-paid players in the NHL. It's not good enough to be one of the most popular guys in the NHL or to have a social media following. What are you trying to accomplish?''' ,'''I think it's important to build people up and to make people feel good.''' ,'''I've always been a guy who has had to perform for my team. I have always expected that out of myself.''' ,'''I think I just want to focus on being the best player that I can be and being the best role model that I can be by just doing all the right things, not just for black kids or kids from different backgrounds, but for all kids who play the game. You want them to look at you in a positive light.''' ,'''There's a lot of kids that don't even have a chance to live a balanced lifestyle. Not have to worry about food or clothes or education, or being able to play sports.''' ,'''For a family to have five kids and to have emigrated from the West Indies, my father from Jamaica and my mother from Montserrat - it's not easy to provide for five kids let alone put three kids in AAA hockey, one being a goalie, and put two daughters through university.''' ,'''Always been a Cowboys fan. Started as a Deion Sanders fan and learned to love the Cowboys. My dad's a big Cowboys fan too.''' ,'''My jersey might change, but what I support will always stay the same.''' ,'''We have so many guys in the NHL who can lead by example and I embrace being a role model for a lot of kids.''' ,'''To win the Stanley Cup is such a process and it takes everybody on board.''' ,'''I've always been one to want to represent my country. I've done it on a few occasions and I've had tremendous success.''' ,'''Growing up, watching the New Jersey Devils, I watched players like Ken Daneyko, Scott Stevens, Scott Niedermayer, old school players who respected the game.''' ,'''I always have something to prove.''' ,'''You look at the best players in the game - Wayne Gretzky, Bobby Orr - they didn't sit on the couch and then one day join the NHL. They worked on their game. Their talent was perseverance, dedication. Those are talents to me; that's what gets you to the NHL.''' ,'''Winning is the most important thing to me.''' ,'''The first car I purchased was for my father. I bought him a truck. I didn't want to see myself driving around in a nicer car than him. I wanted him to feel like he's accomplished a lot, too, which he has. He's put me in a great position.''' ,'''It's not a conscious thing for me. But whenever I have the opportunity to bring it, I want to give more than the guy before me. Hockey. Off-ice stuff. Just life in general.''' ,'''The NHL's got tons of players from different backgrounds from different places around the world. That's what makes this league so special and that's what makes sports so special; it brings everybody together.''' ,'''Sometimes I think getting your mind off the game and doing other things can make you even better. Everybody's different. You have to find out what works for you.''' ,'''I grew up a Montreal Canadiens fan.''' ,'''You have to remember that when you're in the NHL, you have the platform, and you'll never have a bigger platform than when you're playing.''' ,'''Everybody has to work on themselves, no one is perfect. No one wakes up every morning and, you know, you have to love yourself but you also have to drive yourself from within.''' ,'''I think it's important for athletes to set a tone in a way that we're looking to build bridges.''' ,'''Your butt and back are two of the strongest parts of your body.''' ,'''It was a dream come true for me to play with the Montreal Canadiens, and the sad thing is that my promise to the city of bringing a Stanley Cup back and wanting to win one, I won't be able to fulfill that promise.''' ,'''Chuck Hughes is one of my very good friends.''' ,'''I'm a competitive guy, and when it's time to be competitive, I'm all in.''' ,'''My mentality is I've never been the guy that always has to be the center of attention or has to be the front guy. I have no problem doing my job and somebody else getting the credit, or the attention being on somebody else.''' ,'''Like I said, I've always been one to let my actions do the talking for me.''' ,'''There's a time and a place when it needs to be all about hockey. I don't think that's 24 hours a day, seven days a week. How you choose to spend that time when it's not all about hockey is completely up to you.''' ,'''You only have one shot at most things, so why not give it everything you've got, right?''' ,'''Our law enforcement, these are people that leave their houses and may not come back home at the end of the night.''' ,'''In this world, there are bad people and there are good people. We can either choose to celebrate the bad ones all the time, or we can celebrate the good ones.''' ,'''If someone wants to call me a Harlem Globetrotter, well, great, go ahead. I was very good at basketball. I was a really good point guard. I was the best passer.''' ,'''I get fat if I eat too many carbs. It's just the way my body is, so I gotta watch the carbs.''' ,'''We're very lucky. We've been blessed with a platform, and what you can do with that platform, you can do a million things with it. I guess I just take pride in using the platform the right way.''' ,'''I want a Stanley Cup.''' ,'''I embrace responsibility.''' ,'''The Olympics is about representing your country, and if you get an opportunity to play you give it all you have.''' ,'''I don't think your focus as a hockey player or athlete can be anywhere else but how you want to impact the team on the ice or on the field or court.''' ,'''People appreciate that I'm not scared to make a mistake.''' ,'''Everything I do is with a planned approach.''' ,'''I don't ever judge somebody by what comes out of their mouth 'cause I don't know what they're thinking. Sometimes people might just say things just to see how you react about it. People might say things to you just to try to throw you off your game. Doesn't necessarily mean they're a racist.''' ,'''To me, that's how I want to define my career, is making a difference in big games.''' ,'''When you go into a new city, or any city that you play for, the community is a big part of every organization.''' ,'''I stay true to who I am.''' ,'''This is how I see myself, as a player that at the end of the day, whether I have a letter or not, I know that when we're in overtime or it's a deciding moment in the game my teammates are looking at me to step up. To me that's all I need to know.''' ,'''Community stuff is always important to me, it's very important to the New Jersey Devils and the organization, so along with not just myself but the rest of the players on the team, it's always a priority to be able to give back in the best way possible.''' ,'''Playing in Montreal for six years, being drafted in 2007, a lot of great moments in that organization. The positive moments outweigh the negative moments.''' ,'''Hockey's filled with great people, and it's a great sport, and I encourage a lot of people to play it because of the relationships that you make in hockey.''' ,'''It would be a great honor. I'd love to be the captain of the Montreal Canadiens.''' ,'''Just like any other brothers that have ever played with each other or played against each other, it's a pretty special moment when you do it.''' ,'''I know I'm black. Everyone knows I'm black. But I don't want to be defined as a black hockey player.''' ,'''I think that in all aspects of the game, especially in professional sports but specifically in hockey, we want to grow the game.''' ,'''People make a mistake saying I'm trying to break down barriers and change the game. I'm not trying to do any of that.''' ,'''I'm a pretty personable guy, so I'll never shy away from a fan that wants to ask me a question or even introduce themselves.''' ,'''I never look at myself as a black player. I think of myself as a hockey player that wants to be the best player in the league.''' ,'''The fans in Montreal are great.''' ,'''It's something I am very passionate about, designing clothes and being creative and fashion-forward.''' ,'''My job is to come out and help build a championship team.''' ,'''One of the things that upset me a lot, and I'm pretty open about it is people that challenge my character or challenge my commitment to my job or the game that I play.''' ,'''For me, on the ice that's my job, to have an impact on the team in a positive way that fits into our system and how we want to play.''' ,'''This is a game that at the end of the day, it's sports entertainment. We have to perform to keep fans in the seats, and what they pay helps put food on our tables.''' ,'''I'm very privileged to have great parents, caring parents, parents that dedicate a lot of their time and energy to their children, and we're very thankful for that.''' ,'''I always look at it this way: You try to create your own luck.''' ,'''I drop the gloves once in a while.''' ,'''The feeling being back in Montreal, it will never change. Montreal's going to be home because of the relationships that I've built here.''' ,'''I've never been short of putting high expectations on myself; I've never been short of saying I want to win a Stanley Cup.''' ,'''I've gotta be ready to play.''' ,'''Coming into a new dressing room is exciting.''' ,'''I have a production company, I have a marketing company, I have different things that I have going on and different interests and there's nothing wrong with having different interests as long as you prioritize the things that you need to do first. And I do.''' ,'''I've been playing hockey since I was two-and-a-half, three years old.''' ,'''I'm not trying to be someone I'm not. I'm not trying to become something I'm not.''' ,'''Nobody is in their right to tell anybody how to spend their free time. If you like to spend it with your family or your kids, fantastic. If you want to spend it with your girlfriend, great. If you want to spend it doing charitable work, great. If you want to spend it through endorsements and marketing stuff, great.''' ,'''Life is a chess match. Every decision that you make has a consequence to it.''' ,'''When young players come into the league, they see how pop culture has affected the other sports, like the NBA and the NFL. They come in with more of an open mind.''' ,'''There wasn't a day when I felt like hockey was work. I still don't feel that way.''' ,'''Adding a player like Jack Hughes, a lot of teams in the NHL would dream of that talent.''' ,'''I'm a pretty big believer in seizing the moment.''' ,'''That's the fun part about your playing career is that everyone knows your first and foremost responsibility, and that's playing hockey, but whenever you can mix in some other things have fun with it, that's great, too.''' ,'''I operate from a place of like water on a duck's back. When things are thrown at me or said to me that aren't worth my time, they don't register with me. Like it just rolls off my back.''' ,'''I've come to Boston many times, my family has come here, and it's been great.''' ,'''I never want a coach to feel like he needs to be my friend, I always want a coach to be the coach and I'm the type of guy that wants to be held accountable all the time, so I respect coaches.''' ,'''I love Montreal. I've always loved the city. And when it really comes down to it I never envisioned myself playing for any other team other than the Montreal Canadiens.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I want to be the best teammate I can be.''' ,'''My family doesn't know what vacations are, man.''' ,'''No one remembers the guy who goes out and does an adequate job.''' ,'''The simplest, most impactful question that you can ask an athlete, or ask anyone, is 'What do you want to accomplish? What's your goal?'''' ,'''In this world, some things happen that we can't completely understand. That's OK; we don't have to understand it. All we have to do is understand our self, believe in our self and keep trying and keep pushing forward.''' ,'''The notion is tough guys challenge the bench and skill players never do. I'm considered a skilled player, but I don't carry myself like a skilled player.''' ,'''Why do I have to just focus on hockey? Why can't I help people? Why can't I have fun with my fans?''' ,'''I think that there's more jealousy in sports than racism, really. I think racism exists in the works, but when I faced racism in hockey, a lot of times from jealousy, because when I was young, I was always one of the better players. And I think a lot of people were threatened by that.''' ,'''Just leaving it all on the ice, I do it every game, and the fans appreciate that.''' ,'''What works for me might not work for the next guy. You have to work within yourself and know what's going to provide you with the amount of energy you need to do your job.''' ,'''A Hall of Famer isn't just the guy who put up great numbers. It's the guy who has changed the sport for the better, who has had an impact.''' ,'''Listen, I always choose to see the good in people. And everybody's different, everybody chooses to handle things differently.''' ,'''I just speak my mind, I speak the truth.''' ,'''I have no control over what the fans do or what the media say. I just do what I can - go out there and play hockey and have a smile on my face when I do it, just try to have a little bit of fun.''' ,'''I've always liked country music.''' ,'''I eat a lot of protein - steak in the morning, steak in the afternoon, fish, chicken.''' ,]
+++