+++
author = "Fred Schneider"
title = "Fred Schneider Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Fred Schneider Quotes"
keywords = "fred schneider,fred schneider quotes,fred schneider quote,fred schneider sayings,fred schneider saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You know, Southerners are pretty cool.''' ,'''I used to like doing karaoke until cell-phone cameras came along.''' ,'''It doesn't cost me anything to write some fun stuff for folks, because I just really enjoy a challenge.''' ,'''Australians are geniuses with a good sense of humour.''' ,'''No, we've been performing our old songs a little differently each performance.''' ,'''The hairstyles of most Heavy Metal bands are pretty horrendous.''' ,'''I never planned on a career in music at all, so I should say I'm very lucky.''' ,'''We are lucky to have a big fan base and that we can support ourselves doing live shows.''' ,'''I always wear Chuck Taylors, but then I found out that you could actually get your own shoes, so I mentioned it to the band, and they said, 'Yeah! Let's do it' And we got 'em. That's how it works.''' ,'''We weren't art students, but we definitely created our own style and were pretty influenced by Andy Warhol and all the stuff we read and saw and made fun of, you know.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who are considered 'camp' who have no idea how ridiculous they are.''' ,'''Everything changed after 'Love Shack.' We went 'mainstream.' 'Love Shack' set what people viewed us as, because a lot of people didn't realize we had a career before that.''' ,'''Call us the future from your past.''' ,'''A good fruit cake is good fruit cake. A bad one is really bad.''' ,'''It was a nightmare. The band had to tour Greenland by bus.''' ,'''Our look evolved from the fact that we bought thrift-store clothes. It wasn't like, 'Let adopt a thrift-store aesthetic.' We just didn't have any money.''' ,'''Jim Hightower, Ann Richards - there are quite a few intelligent regular Texans.''' ,'''I rarely watch TV but I guess I'd watch the weather report since I fly so much.''' ,'''I collect all kinds of things.''' ,'''I was interested in wildlife conservation, and I chose Georgia because they supposedly had a good forestry school. I figured it might be easier to get good grades there, too, because a lot of Southern kids would come up to school in New Jersey, and they'd always be a little behind, so I figured maybe I wouldn't have to work so hard.''' ,''''Camp' sort of means you don't know what you're doing, and we know what we're doing.''' ,'''Sometimes groups and their material can get overbloated.''' ,'''We've always shared everything - writing credits, all the royalties - and there's no real leader because if there was one, we'd immediately depose them.''' ,'''I am so not hooked into watching TV or listening to the radio, to be honest. Usually, when I do, I get angry.''' ,'''There are a lot of funny motels. There was one motel in the middle of nowhere: it was real plain, but it had a gigantic green monster, something like the Creature from the Black Lagoon, standing next to this lake.''' ,'''We don't have a constant PR person or anything. That's why people say. 'Oh, you're still together?' Yeah. I'm in Des Moines with the band, not because I'm sightseeing.''' ,'''I'll tell you what: Everything about the Trump administration is scary.''' ,'''I like Loretta Lynn.''' ,'''I like Scissor Sisters.''' ,'''Back in the day, when we'd get into a town, I would go in the phone book and look up record stores. Then I'd take a bus or a cab and check them out.''' ,'''I am a pacifist.''' ,'''We've never tried to fit any mould because we already broke the one we started.''' ,'''People think that I live in a space pod, but it's pretty mid-century modern.''' ,'''I feel like I have a distinct voice.''' ,'''I was raised in New Jersey - Long Branch.''' ,'''I was the meal delivery coordinator for Clarke County for Meals on Wheels.''' ,]
+++