+++
author = "Nelson Peltz"
title = "Nelson Peltz Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Nelson Peltz Quotes"
keywords = "nelson peltz,nelson peltz quotes,nelson peltz quote,nelson peltz sayings,nelson peltz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''After Cadbury, the candy company, separated from Dr. Pepper, the soft drinks maker, Cadbury was able to substantially lower its debt load. The profits of Cadbury, the candy company, zoomed.''' ,'''Sequestration, sequestation - however you pronounce that word - and gridlock aren't all that bad.''' ,'''I try to figure out the marketing puzzle.''' ,'''The name 'Mondelez' I hate. It sounds like a disease.''' ,'''I love women.''' ,'''I spent most of my career operating businesses and fixing businesses, not staring at a Bloomberg screen.''' ,'''You must make some decisions Wall Street dislikes.''' ,'''It appears that PepsiCo views structural change as a sign of weakness, an admission of failure, and an untenable break with past traditions.''' ,'''Rupert Murdoch is a good friend of mine.''' ,'''Before, Tiffany sold watches only in its own stores. Now, Tiffany watches are sold in 1,500 stores.''' ,'''I don't mind anybody coming after me as long as they're coming with facts.''' ,'''My kids are exhausted every day, and I keep them that way. It's gym, ice, homework. They're too tired to get in trouble.''' ,'''Legg Mason's structure is misunderstood by the market. Legg Mason has an affiliate model. They own 100% of their affiliates, which are investment managers such as Permal, Western Asset Management, and Royce.''' ,'''If I'm on the board of any company where there's an offer that comes in, I want to negotiate.''' ,'''I understood the power of Heinz since I was a kid, and I started to work for my father selling food to restaurants.''' ,'''I believe in pay for performance.''' ,'''You know what term you don't hear anymore? Arbitrage. The markets have gotten too efficient.''' ,'''Sometimes it takes longer to create value, but if the companies generate more earnings, the stocks will ultimately reflect that.''' ,'''I'm willing to have two directors on the DuPont board, me being one of them.''' ,'''The activists play the balance sheet by selling a division to buy back stock and leveraging the balance sheet and buying back more stock.''' ,]
+++