+++
author = "Vivian Campbell"
title = "Vivian Campbell Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Vivian Campbell Quotes"
keywords = "vivian campbell,vivian campbell quotes,vivian campbell quote,vivian campbell sayings,vivian campbell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a big, big blues fan and the last several years I've really invested in the blues a lot, and I think my playing is getting better because of it - not necessarily better on a technical level, but certainly on a level of appropriateness.''' ,'''I still have people saying to me, 'Oh, you're still together?' They don't realize Leppard's been around this whole time, because people just don't get to hear us.''' ,'''And remember: without you, all we are is loud. No pressure.''' ,'''I like my guitars to be kinda worn. I don't like it when they're all shiny.''' ,'''It's a lot more comfortable, I must say. Ummm, I didn't think I'd be playing with another band, I kinda thought I was through with that, but I make an exception because they're nice people.''' ,'''If there is any justice in the world, then eighties rock will never again serve to blight humanity as it did in that dark decade!''' ,'''I actually knew I was going to be perfect for Def Leppard, sorry I hate to say that but I knew it.''' ,'''Technology has made it much easier to make and manipulate music. Studio-driven, machine-driven music does not always transcend into being a good live act. Many current acts are great live, but many cannot cut it live. The music is not organic.''' ,'''Def Leppard is a rock band that can sing.''' ,'''I don't know how anyone could vote Republican. It's so obvious that their only interest is keeping the rich rich.''' ,'''Being a songwriter, singer, and a great part of a unit is more important than being Joe Guitar Hero.''' ,'''The Internet has definitely opened doors and leveled the playing field for musicians.''' ,'''The nature of touring is packaging acts together that have strong catalogues of music. It's about making sure that it's a winning combination. It's really about giving people value for their money.''' ,'''I never had a real job either. I sort of fell out of school and ended up playing guitar.''' ,]
+++