+++
author = "David Hasselhoff"
title = "David Hasselhoff Quotes"
quotes_len = "55"
description = "the best 55 David Hasselhoff Quotes"
keywords = "david hasselhoff,david hasselhoff quotes,david hasselhoff quote,david hasselhoff sayings,david hasselhoff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I play discos in Belfast or freshers' week in Oxford, there are 1,800 kids dressed as me. It's odd, it's funny, and it pays really well.''' ,'''Spirituality - prayer - is a big part of my life.''' ,'''My wife is the dancer, but I certainly know how to sing.''' ,'''My web site is so fresh. The paint is still wet, but stay tuned, because I have lots of personal things, specifically about what is happening day-to-day, that I will keep updating daily.''' ,'''We made sure nobody died on the show. We made sure nobody ever drowned on 'Baywatch.'''' ,'''I feel like Elvis. Only alive.''' ,'''Failure usually works for me in the end.''' ,'''Image is what people perceive my life to be. It's nothing like the truth.''' ,'''I've already lived the lives of ten people. My father's 87 and still going strong. I think there's a lovely angel watching over me.''' ,'''I'm six foot four, an all-American guy, and handsome and talented as well!''' ,'''My problem is people seem to laugh at me, but the one that laughs harder than anybody is me.''' ,'''I have a Guinness Book of World Records entry as the most-watched person on television; now I have a new entry as the only man who has a crab named after him.''' ,'''Beyond its entertainment values, 'Baywatch' has enriched and in many cases helped save lives.''' ,'''Ninety-nine percent of people now call me The Hoff - and it's out of respect.''' ,'''Over in the UK and in Wales, it's nice to turn on the TV and see 'Baywatch.'''' ,'''Wherever I can go, I hit the water, whether it's the ocean, or in L.A. it's Zuma Beach in Malibu; I just hit the water.''' ,'''When you're on stage, you're in control. No one can get to you.''' ,'''I look good, but I probably have the insides of Elvis.''' ,'''I grew up in Chicago, and there was always snow. In Los Angeles there never was, so we would always import snow!''' ,'''Even when I make mistakes and people exploit my mistakes on television or on the Internet, and they use it to make fun of me, it's just kind of working in my favor at the end. It's really strange.''' ,'''I find it a bit sad that there is no photo of me hanging on the walls in the Berlin Museum at Checkpoint Charlie.''' ,'''I let people down easy with inspiration.''' ,'''The problem with me is that nothing embarrasses me.''' ,'''Before long, I'll have my own channel - I'll be like Barney.''' ,'''Celebrity means that I can affect people in a positive way.''' ,'''When I was doing 'Britain's Got Talent,' I really enjoyed it, but I found it very difficult to be in the audience. I like to be on stage; I feel safer on stage because I'm in control.''' ,'''Getting in shape for this role, which is incredibly demanding, vocally, has been a lot of hard work, but I'm nailing it. I'm even kind of, at times, blowing my own mind, because I am even able to talk right now.''' ,'''The Hoff has become larger than life, so I can't do anything small any more. If I mess up, it becomes big no matter what it is, so if I do something positive, it has to be equally big.''' ,'''I wanted to play around with the format, really tear it to pieces and shake it up. For example, if Mitch saves someone from drowning, and that person then goes out and releases a virus that kills a million people. Imagine the moral implications of that.''' ,'''I love musical theater. That's what I started off to do when I was 7, and my first show was 'Peter Pan.'''' ,'''That's one of the good things about being recognisable - if you need a quick escape, the cabbies will take care of you.''' ,'''I started training for musicals since I was a boy.''' ,'''My Christmas wish would be to have an entire week off. To spend it with my family and just curl up and watch Christmas movies when it's snowing outside.''' ,'''I have a great relationship with my kids. We're very honest with each other, and I'm very proud that we are absolutely, incredibly close. That to me is more important than anything.''' ,'''The Hoff has taken over David Hasselhoff. David Hasselhoff really doesn't know who he is anymore. Everywhere I go, it's The Hoff.''' ,'''If you don't respect me you're not gonna get that respect back.''' ,'''I think that without sushi there would be no David Hasselhoff, because sushi is like the perfect way of describing the insides of David Hasselhoff. He is like a protein, clean and easy. That's how I feel about myself.''' ,'''In life, you either watch TV or you do TV. I told my daughters that the only way you're going to make it in this business is to get in the game. That's the biggest advice I can give them.''' ,'''My one ambition was to go to Broadway, and I never gave up on that dream.''' ,'''In case you haven't caught the commercials, I'm in the new SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.''' ,'''I don't care why they love me, as long as they love me. I think people respect me because they feel like - I'm kind of like Christmas. I come back every year. You can't get rid of me. I just keep coming back.''' ,'''In a cornball way, I think being a celebrity is about making a difference, too.''' ,'''The talent that I was blessed with was really for the theater.''' ,'''Come on, I'm a television star. Nobody on television is curing cancer. I've had a great ride, and I'm very honored to have been in this business. I'm happy if I managed to affect people in a positive way.''' ,'''I met Cary Grant once, and I was absolutely star struck. I got his autograph.''' ,'''I once didn't work out for six weeks. It took me for ever to get the weight off.''' ,'''I think laughter is the best medicine. If you can't laugh at yourself, then you can't laugh at life and the silliness of it all.''' ,'''The difference between men and women seems to be this: I can argue with my promoter downstairs, accuse him of ripping me off, and 20 minutes later we'll be playing golf together. With a lady, the same argument can go on for, like, years.''' ,'''I think people know that I've got a good heart.''' ,'''There are many dying children out there whose last wish is to meet me.''' ,'''All I want to do is be onstage. A performer needs to perform.''' ,'''When you realize that life isn't fair, you don't act out, you don't get overly wasted, you don't get self-indulgent. You just move forward.''' ,'''I embrace everything.''' ,'''I did, I'd say, at least about 80 percent of the rest of the driving, and I had the time of my life.''' ,'''If you're not in the game, you can't hit a home run.''' ,]
+++