+++
author = "Juan Pablo Montoya"
title = "Juan Pablo Montoya Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Juan Pablo Montoya Quotes"
keywords = "juan pablo montoya,juan pablo montoya quotes,juan pablo montoya quote,juan pablo montoya sayings,juan pablo montoya saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've made a lot of friends over the years through racing, but we weren't necessarily teammates.''' ,'''Now, when it's time to get down to business, I get down to business.''' ,'''I think it's good for sports cars to be united, to be just one. I think it's good for the fans. When you have two different series, fans don't know which way to go, when you only have one I think it's good for the sport.''' ,'''My reputation is aggressive this and aggressive that.''' ,'''I really like the really high banked tracks.''' ,'''I'm busy, man, too busy. There's a lamentable absence of free time.''' ,'''When people are nice to me, I'm nice to them.''' ,'''I get fit taking my bike out in the woods.''' ,'''In Colombia maybe 95% of the population follow Formula One. It's crazy.''' ,'''Just take each race as it comes and have fun.''' ,'''You know, I think in Europe NASCAR is not regarded as high as it should.''' ,'''I'd rather have a hot dog than caviar.''' ,'''I love the American way of life.''' ,'''I get this a lot: 'Oh, can you take a picture with my baby? Can you hold the baby?' I don't want to hold your baby! I'll hold my baby. I don't like holding someone else's baby. I'm serious! You never know what could happen. It's such an awkward position you're put in, and it's like, 'No, sorry.'''' ,'''You've gotta respect everybody. If they race hard against you, you've got to race hard against them. It's very simple; if there's respect both ways, there's no problem.''' ,'''I don't remember the first time I won. I remember the first time I lost, and it sucked. It was go-karts; I was, like, 6 years old.''' ,'''When you plan something, it never works.''' ,]
+++