+++
author = "Olga Fonda"
title = "Olga Fonda Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Olga Fonda Quotes"
keywords = "olga fonda,olga fonda quotes,olga fonda quote,olga fonda sayings,olga fonda saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I began to study martial arts because it was a great form of exercise, and I knew it would help my acting career. Martial arts reminded me of dancing. It has helped me learn fight sequences quicker.''' ,'''For the longest time, my older brother told me he was teaching me self-defense, but now that I'm grown up, I realize he was just practicing his martial arts on me.''' ,'''The 'Agent X' set was never boring. During the first few days, I had to adjust to the loud noise on set, which included gun shots and explosions. After we finished filming the season, I realized I missed hearing all the noise and driving on empty freeways.''' ,'''When I arrived in the U.S., I knew little English and didn't have any friends. The neighborhood and school kids were so welcoming. They made me feel at home very quickly.''' ,'''I moved about 45 minutes from West Hollywood, and I live surrounded by nature and the wilderness, but I constantly find myself walking around, like in the commercial, saying, 'Can you hear me now?'''' ,'''I would love to play a superhero. I sometimes walk around thinking, 'If I were a superhero, what would my superpower be?'''' ,'''So many girls trying to be models, like, 'Oh my god, I want to be a model!' Nobody really knows the reality of it. It's a lot of hard work, but at the same time, it's a lot of fun.''' ,'''I was very shy, but when I performed, I felt like I was in my own little world. I became more confident. Dancing taught me discipline and to feel comfortable in my own skin.''' ,'''I love watching action. I remember watching Angelina Jolie in 'Tomb Raider,' and I was like 'Wow, it's so cool when a girl can go around and kick butt.'''' ,'''I love all sports! I'm always impressed by athletes. I also love watching the Olympic Games. In high school, I played co-ed soccer and basketball. I really enjoyed both of those sports, but I have to admit basketball wasn't my calling.''' ,'''I am a little old fashioned, and I love to have my scripts printed out. There is something magical about feeling the paper, making notes and page marks.''' ,'''I didn't particularly change my name to Fonda because I knew who Fondas were. It's still going to remain a mystery. I keep it as a mystery. So, maybe one day I'll tell the story of how I changed my last name.''' ,]
+++