+++
author = "Ellie Bamber"
title = "Ellie Bamber Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Ellie Bamber Quotes"
keywords = "ellie bamber,ellie bamber quotes,ellie bamber quote,ellie bamber sayings,ellie bamber saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always double cleanse and use a lot of the iS Clinical products, including the active serum, which I swear by. I finish with the Liz Earle Superskin Eye Cream.''' ,'''My favourite vintage shop in New York is called Screaming Mimi's, and whenever I go, I'll spend three hours in there just trawling.''' ,'''Working with the brand has taught me to keep it classy but also shake things up. I love that about Chanel because I get to be pretty, but I also get to ride my skateboard in Chanel.''' ,'''I feel like the books that I'm reading at any given time will really help me with my work, because it's just more characters, and you see new people while you're reading.''' ,'''I have so many different styles. My favorites are from Amo, Levi's, and Frame.''' ,'''I had a really lovely upbringing. I did a lot of skateboarding down country lanes.''' ,'''I'm always reading. I've loved reading since I was young, and I've always loved sinking my teeth into a different world, especially one that you begin to create in your head.''' ,'''I think I should have been born a redhead. It goes with my personality - I'm fiery, and it's kind of quirky, like me.''' ,'''When I'm out, I like a glass of red wine. Just before bed, I'll always have a chamomile tea.''' ,'''I always have Chanel lip salve with me, a sheet mask for the plane, and extra moisturizer. I like to use iS Clinical Moisturizer, luxe eye mask, and drink water.''' ,'''My first reaction when I watched Les Miserables was, 'Wow, my hair looks good!' They put half a wig in, and I was always kinda worried it was gonna make my head look twice as big!''' ,'''There should be no segregation. Everyone should be united, and everyone should be seen as equals.''' ,'''I like a protein shake after the gym; I think that's important. I also eat lots of fruit and vegetables.''' ,'''I would love to tackle an older role and have a little bit more depth, but I do get to have fun with the roles, and I'm quite happy playing young. I quite enjoy being the baby of the cast. It's fun.''' ,'''I admire anyone who does stage all their life. It's so tough, and it also made me really appreciate how lucky I am with film. You have to do your own makeup with stage, and you have to do so many un-glamorous things.''' ,'''I'm taken by a story and a character. I'll read a script, and if it touches me and moves me and makes waves, that's why I'll choose it.''' ,'''My mom is so chill and so down to earth and not fussy about anything.''' ,'''It's so important to get your voice heard, get out there, support what you believe in and what you wanna fight for.''' ,'''I'm from just outside London, near Reading.''' ,'''I think she's great because she - the choices are mine, essentially, and she's just there to guide me. She's my manager, but I feel like she's more of a mom. Although she helps me with certain things, she's still my mom.''' ,'''Acting, for me, was therapeutic. It was a way of expressing yourself.''' ,'''I'm not afraid to be me and push my opinions. At school, it always felt like girls were pitted against each other - that's so awful and sad and something that I never do. It's about accepting everyone and their choices.''' ,'''I do have quite a baby face.''' ,'''For creating the Texan accent, I would listen to Sissy Spacek and watch her in 'Badlands.' I downloaded the audio of that whole film and listened to that.''' ,'''I love experimenting with make-up colours, using them in unique ways and doing wild things, because on a day-to-day basis, I sometimes feel mad - but in a good way.''' ,'''When I was younger, my dad taught me how to cook. He's a genius in the kitchen. I went to Vietnam with my parents, and I went on a cooking course with him.''' ,'''There is really nothing like seeing a live stage performance.''' ,'''I don't really have a go-to style. I can change from an Audrey Hepburn type of thing to '70s stuff.''' ,'''When I was a bit younger, I did this tiny role on 'The Musketeers,' and I had to stay dead.''' ,'''I love breakfast. Well, I just like food. I'm properly into my food. It comes from my father. If we go anywhere, we like to look up the best restaurants.''' ,'''The idea of bringing equality not just to entertainment but to every walk of life - I think it's very important.''' ,'''With stage, it's very tough. You have to have a lot of stamina - you're doing eight shows a week for 19 weeks. The same thing, every night. Twice a day some days. The only full day I actually had off was Sunday. And every night is different.''' ,'''I don't think I'll ever stick to one specific look. I'm very instinctual about my choices. Some days, I want to look pretty and classic; others, I'd rather have a grungy street vibe.''' ,]
+++