+++
author = "Mary Lou Williams"
title = "Mary Lou Williams Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Mary Lou Williams Quotes"
keywords = "mary lou williams,mary lou williams quotes,mary lou williams quote,mary lou williams sayings,mary lou williams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When Seymour saw me seated at the piano at that first rehearsal, he shouted: 'What's that kid doing here? Call your piano player and let's get started.'''' ,'''He explained how ridiculous the clowning was, and there and then I decided to settle down and play seriously.''' ,'''Quite a few musicians came to our house. And my ma took me to hear many more, hoping to encourage in me a love of music. But she wouldn't consent to my having music lessons, for she feared I might end up as she had done - unable to play except from paper.''' ,'''One way and another I was having a ball - playing gigs, jamming and listening to fine musicians. Then came a crisis at home. My stepfather fell sick, and it meant I had to support the family.''' ,'''Offers for me to play dances, society parties, even churches, were now coming in regularly. For most dates I was paid the sum of one dollar per hour, and they always tipped me at the end of the night.''' ,'''Within a few hours I had them off, was about ready to play the shows. That night I opened, and during the week Harris was over to the house to talk my mother into letting me leave home.''' ,'''I have been tied up with music for about as long as I can remember. By the time I was four I was picking out little tunes my mother played on the reed organ in the living-room.''' ,]
+++