+++
author = "Josh O'Connor"
title = "Josh O'Connor Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Josh O'Connor Quotes"
keywords = "josh o'connor,josh o'connor quotes,josh o'connor quote,josh o'connor sayings,josh o'connor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Royals are always very clear about where they're moving, because they've been told by protection officers exactly what they're doing.''' ,'''Fame isn't something I signed up for, it's just a by-product of what I wanted to do.''' ,'''Yeah, I guess for years I wanted to be an artist, and when I was growing up, lots of my family were artists, so I was kind of surrounded by that world. Then acting came along, and I loved it immediately.''' ,'''Well, we lived in Newbury first, until I was five. Then we went to Cheltenham, which is lovely, a really sweet town. We lived surrounded by hills. It was the best place to grow up.''' ,'''Ultimately, I want a career where I get to try as many things out as I can.''' ,'''I've got two brothers. One's older - the artist - and then my younger brother is an ecological economist - a farmer.''' ,'''I wanted to be an artist; it was be an artist or be an actor.''' ,'''I've never farmed before. It's unforgiving, it's hard work, hard graft - but I loved it, and I loved everyone I met who guided me along the way.''' ,'''I have so much respect for the Queen and for Charles, and what the family represents. And yet there's still a conflict about whether we can abolish the class system while also having a Royal family.''' ,'''You have to stop yourself midway through a scene and be like, 'I'm acting with Olivia Colman!'''' ,'''I love theater and I really wanted to do more theater.''' ,'''I don't think anyone is purely evil or purely brilliant, certainly for Prince Charles.''' ,'''The thing is, I was always a republican, but I have to say I've become completely obsessed with the Queen.''' ,'''I remember thinking this is everything that England means to me. The huge, flat landscapes with deep reds and greens. Daunting and terrifying and incredible. We should see it more on film, I think.''' ,'''When I left drama school I was prepped to be in shows and tour around England by van.''' ,'''I think I'm generally quite good at being able to put things in the past and let them go, as it were.''' ,'''This crew member has managed to get this picture of me to the Queen who'd said that she loved me in 'The Durrells'! The real life Queen!''' ,'''I went from silent films to watching French new wave cinema. I became entrapped by it all. That's when I knew I wanted to do film. The moment you start looking at film from a critique point of view - there's a difference between watching a film as an audience and with a critical point of view.''' ,'''I mean, I knew of Jane Austen's work, and I guess I'm a fan at a distance insofar as from a literary point of view, it's beautifully written.''' ,'''My problem is that I love talking to people. I remember working in a call centre in Dalston and I'd end up having these long chats with old women.''' ,'''We're living at a time when people are questioning what it means to be male in modern society, and I'm finding it very helpful to explore it through these roles.''' ,'''I work in an industry in which we're all quite vulnerable, I think, to mental health.''' ,'''I am thrilled to be joining The Firm for the next installment of 'The Crown'.''' ,'''I think Jane Austen is like Shakespeare, in a slightly different way. I think people will continue to revisit these stories because they remain relevant, regardless of how you do them.''' ,'''My dad's an English teacher and my mum's a midwife. Then my mum's side of the family are all crazy creative.''' ,'''Regardless of the size of the budget or the name of the director, if the story is really interesting, then I can get on board with it. If it's not, then they're not gonna cast me anyway, because I'll just give a terrible audition.''' ,'''All good art should be political, I think, and inevitably it all becomes political really, in one way or another.''' ,'''As an actor, I always have this thing where I can't plan ahead for holidays or a break because I don't know when I might be needed for the next job.''' ,'''Y'know, even in a lot of heterosexual cinema it's always kind of miserable. Love doesn't work and then, if it does work, it's suddenly a rom-com.''' ,'''I have no memory of feeling strong and rugged at any point. I've been considering masculinity my whole life.''' ,'''I remember not wanting to play football because I didn't want to get my hair wet.''' ,'''Our leaders are archaic masculine figures in so far as they are aggressively old-fashioned in their masculinity, people like Trump, potentially Boris Johnson.''' ,'''The historical kings of England are all strong soldiers and leaders, but can you be a sensitive leader? It's the same in politics, we talk about how proud we are to have had two women prime ministers, but would we be less ready for a sensitive prime minister?''' ,'''I knew a bit about 'Emma' through the book when I was younger, but actually more from 'Clueless'.''' ,'''But I loved 'Clueless'. I still think 'Clueless' is a great movie.''' ,'''I must say, I wouldn't turn down a superhero role, although there do seem to be a lot of British actors out there doing that.''' ,'''I grew up in a family that felt indifferent towards the royal family.''' ,'''All of a sudden we were going on school trips, seeing these amazing plays by the likes of Samuel Beckett. My whole world went from 'This is really fun' to 'This is fascinating to me'.''' ,'''When I left school, all I wanted was to buy a van.''' ,'''There's this assumption that every British actor, they can ride horses. Definitely not!''' ,'''Richard II is my dream part.''' ,'''My parents probably were delighted when I chose acting, because if there is one job in the world that is less financially reliable than acting, it is art.''' ,'''There is something about being in a remote town where anything other than green fields, trees and Saturday football club is very exciting and thrilling.''' ,'''Being in 'The Crown' and being recognised in the street is weird for me.''' ,'''I had one lesson with Devil's Horsemen, who do a lot of the horse-riding stuff for films. They train actors to look reasonable on horses. They do 'Game of Thrones', everything.''' ,'''If Leonardo DiCaprio calls, I'll hang out with him, sure.''' ,]
+++