+++
author = "Philip Baker Hall"
title = "Philip Baker Hall Quotes"
quotes_len = "6"
description = "the best 6 Philip Baker Hall Quotes"
keywords = "philip baker hall,philip baker hall quotes,philip baker hall quote,philip baker hall sayings,philip baker hall saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''Mariah' was the first series-regular role for me, and that really came about because of 'Secret Honor.' That really was a direct result of that. Because now I had an agent and was submitted for that part, for James Malone. And... I was the casting director's first choice for James Malone.''' ,'''Some directors don't say much. Michael Mann, for example. I remember on 'The Insider' he never had much to say. He would do a scene, just kind of nod, and then set it up to do it again. And you might do a scene 10 or 12 times or more, the same little 31-second bit. And you could tell he wasn't satisfied, but he wouldn't say much.''' ,'''Pinchas Perry, the director of 'The Chicago 8,' offered me the role of the judge, and he did not know that, 35 years earlier, I'd played a judge in the theater production. So life has its own little twists and turns.''' ,'''From the time that I was in high school, my life really revolved around live theater, so it almost feels genetic.''' ,''''Good Times' was with a live audience, three camera, and that was really intimidating. Because there were people on both sides, moving from set to set, and it was pretty scary. As I say, I didn't have a foundation in Hollywood. I hardly knew anybody. Just at the social level. I felt pretty isolated here, I really did.''' ,'''Plays are a pretty big commitment. It takes a minimum of three months out of your life, really. And if you have family or kids, then at least during the rehearsal period for five or six weeks, you kind of say goodbye to everybody.''' ,]
+++