+++
author = "Dale Steyn"
title = "Dale Steyn Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Dale Steyn Quotes"
keywords = "dale steyn,dale steyn quotes,dale steyn quote,dale steyn sayings,dale steyn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Great fast bowlers don't have to worry about whether the track is flat or green. They'll find a way to get wickets.''' ,'''Normally if I am on holiday I'll be planning a fishing trip or a surfing trip.''' ,'''It's something that I've wanted to do for a while, play Big Bash. Unfortunately representing the Proteas for the bulk of my career over Christmas time we've always got Test matches on, the Boxing Day and New Year's Test matches. So I haven't been available.''' ,'''If you're not going to the World Cup expecting to win, then you probably shouldn't go.''' ,'''There's a lot of guys who can bowl 150 km/h when you give them the ball when they're fresh in the morning, but can they do it late in the afternoon when it's boiling hot and they're bowling their 20th over for the day? I want to be able to do that and I want to be the only guy who is able to do that.''' ,'''If you're playing Test cricket you could bowl 20 overs in a day. I could play about five T20s in that space.''' ,'''I want to bowl fast till I retire.''' ,'''The more 'A' side cricket that can be played, it will keep the fringe of international cricket interested.''' ,'''Generally I don't say too much on the field. However, I am a fast bowler and with that comes the responsibility of saying a word or two and getting in a guy's face.''' ,'''Form is difficult. You can't predict form, it is up and down for any player.''' ,'''Do I like being No. 1? Absolutely. Who doesn't?''' ,'''Right from the start of my career I was surrounded by people like Jacques Kallis, Mark Boucher and Graeme Smith, who gave 100 percent in every performance.''' ,'''That's a beautiful thing about India, they got such a big pool of players to call upon. If somebody gets injured, the replacements are generally pretty good.''' ,'''South African cricket, we're pretty resilient.''' ,'''Conditions are always different here in Durban. Especially different from Johannesburg.''' ,'''It might sound very cocky or naive of me, or self-centered, but I want to win a World Cup for my country.''' ,'''I think the more common players who have been around for a while - Joe Root, Alastair Cook, Jimmy Anderson, Stuart Broad - those guys I know of, they're fantastic players.''' ,'''I mean everyone's always spoken about fast bowlers and especially myself as a strike bowler, but I look at myself as somebody who could hold down the runs, you know, over 200 games, I've taken a lot of wickets but I've got a pretty decent economy rate.''' ,'''I'm normally quite restrictive in the runs department.''' ,'''I used to be grumpy. I am no more. I am old now. See my grey beards.''' ,'''If you are playing in the right conditions, there is always motivation to bowl fast. If you are playing in the wrong condition then you want to be a batsman.''' ,'''I have started not to take things too seriously, loving life is my motto.''' ,'''If I wanted to do anything in the coaching world, I would probably need to upskill myself.''' ,'''I never want to restrict myself and say I'm at my ultimate peak, I'm always looking to take myself to a higher level.''' ,'''Traditional cricket has gone out of the window. It's gone. T20 cricket has changed the game.''' ,'''Sport can take a back seat, your health is the most important.''' ,'''Test matches are what really drive me to perform.''' ,'''I don't want a new ball when I am bowling in the subcontinent. I want an old ball that can't get hit out of the ground. I want a ball that when I bowl doesn't have true bounce, so that the batsman can't hit it.''' ,'''I love playing cricket. I wake up every morning and I can't see myself doing anything else.''' ,'''If you want to bowl a yorker, you have to land it; if you want to bowl a bouncer you have to be on the money.''' ,'''The kind of fishing that I do is pretty much bass, trout or freshwater fishing.''' ,'''As long as that drive is still there to play at the highest level, to get batters out, fox them and outsmart them and that kind of stuff, if I can do that I'm going to continue to do that.''' ,'''For me, I need to bowl lots of overs in order to start getting back into form - much like a batsman needs to hit a lot of balls.''' ,'''When you're playing against a team like India you're always going to struggle, especially as they bat all the way down the order to No. 9 and 10.''' ,'''You got to be street smart I suppose when you bowl in India. You can't bowl at the same pace at the same place. Guys will work you out.''' ,'''When you don't have sport, it's like, oh, what do we fall back onto? And I think Nelson Mandela was the first person to really say that: sport unites people in a way that nothing else does. And if you take sport away, then I don't know really what we have.''' ,'''I would love to be in quarantine with someone like Quinny de Kock. He is one of my favourite people in the world.''' ,'''I could bowl really fast and as the years went on I started to develop more skills - I learnt how to swing the ball a little bit, use the crease a little bit more. But I knew what my skill was and that was to run in and bowl fast.''' ,'''Steve Smith is a marvelous player.''' ,'''I've never been bothered about being the highest wicket-taker in the world or the best South African bowler in the world.''' ,'''I'm lucky because not only do I have the chance to experience the thrill of winning, but I also get to bowl really fast. Those two things are the best feelings in the world, better than any drugs - not that I've tried any.''' ,'''When I'm running in to bowl, I am always thinking of taking a wicket.''' ,'''When I first started the biggest thing I wanted was for the opposition to acknowledge me.''' ,'''If you are just constantly doing the same thing, good batters can adjust.''' ,'''When you are in the company of greatness, there is only one thing to do: to raise your game.''' ,'''What inspiration will other fast bowlers have if they don't have anybody to inspire them to become fast bowlers.''' ,'''The workload with Test cricket was too much as I want to extend my career for as long as I can.''' ,'''One of my highlights of being a Proteas player is that at one stage we were the No. 1 team across all formats.''' ,'''I think 'A' sides are extremely important, as close as you can get to international cricket. You are often playing against internationals from different countries and it definitely bridges the gap between our domestic game and international cricket.''' ,'''I enjoy taking wickets more than most people can understand. I'm addicted to that feeling.''' ,'''With Test cricket, it's very important that you are bowling at high speed but T20 cricket is a great way to be versatile.''' ,'''AB de Villiers is probably my favorite cricketer, he is an incredible batter and a good friend.''' ,'''The biggest relief off my shoulders was when I retired from Test cricket and I knew I didn't have to bowl 40 overs in a Test anymore.''' ,'''Coaches have plans and structures, and if you're not in those plans you shouldn't take it personally.''' ,'''I have never been a stats person.''' ,'''It's very easy to say take a player, a world-class player out of the system of playing and just push him into a coaching role but coaching is a whole other thing. It's a skill.''' ,'''I have never gone into a competition wanting to lose. I have always gone in wanting to win.''' ,'''But I love bowling in India, the grounds are quite flat whereas in South Africa you feel you are running uphill.''' ,'''We spend on average 220 days of the year out of the country. It's a long time to be away from your family especially when your children are growing up.''' ,'''World class players don't become rubbish overnight, especially over one tour.''' ,'''I will play until I can't play anymore.''' ,'''I would love to bowl 160 km/h. Any fast bowler would love to do that. But for me that is almost impossible.''' ,'''I love winning. Maybe it's more that I hate losing?''' ,'''It's enough to play for South Africa and take wickets for South Africa, and then I managed to get 400. I never thought that that would happen.''' ,'''Every ball matters - if with the last ball the opposition need four to win, and you've gone for 96, can you get that out of your mind and bowl a dot ball and win the game?''' ,'''There's so much in favor of batsmen these days. Fields are small, two new balls, powerplays, bats have got bigger than they used to be, the list can go on.''' ,'''I very rarely get to enjoy doing nothing.''' ,'''I've never chased records.''' ,'''I would love to win a trophy for South Africa in white ball cricket.''' ,'''When I am off the field, I am the calm, very quiet kind of easy-sailing ocean, and then when I am on a hot streak with a cricket ball, I can be the most disastrous waters you have ever been in.''' ,'''I want to play Test cricket until I die, seriously.''' ,'''From the moment I became an established international cricketer I always had a strong feeling that I should be doing some 'good' while I had that profile, using it to try and make a difference.''' ,'''Allan Donald and Shaun Pollock were my heroes, so I thought averaging 22 or 23 and taking five-wicket hauls was normal.''' ,'''When I'm in South Africa, I make it a point to take my dogs out to the beach.''' ,'''I don't think age matters. In cricket, if you have the skill, you can go on playing.''' ,'''There have been a few times when I wondered if I was ever going to take a wicket, but you never give up.''' ,'''Someone like Shane Warne played the game on and off the field really well and got into guys' heads. Even though he couldn't bounce you and hurt you physically, he was verbally aggressive and would let you know he'd get you out. He made batsmen doubt themselves. I learned from players like him and made a point of incorporating it into my own game.''' ,'''As long as I've got that urge and that fight and fire inside of me I'll continue and records will come and records will be broken. But the day I don't feel that kind of stuff I'm happy to walk away.''' ,'''When I bowled to batters like Michael Vaughan or Jacques Kallis who were classical, technically perfect, sound batters, I always found that I could get them out.''' ,'''You get guys that are good. Then you get guys that are excellent. And then you get AB de Villiers.''' ,'''When I made my one-day debut for South Africa I met some of the Aussies for the first time. We lost the game and when I shook the hands of players I just wanted them to look me in the eye and acknowledge I had competed.''' ,'''It's terrible to consider never playing another Test again but what's more terrifying is the thought of never playing again at all.''' ,'''I want to be a good cricketer, but I am a person first and a cricketer second. I won't always be a cricketer, but I will always be a person.''' ,'''I have four dogs - Sadi, a Retriever, and Oscar, Ruby and Bella, who are Yorkies.''' ,'''I think it's really difficult for women to be involved with sportsmen that travel, or men to be involved with men or women, whoever it may be.''' ,'''In South Africa, you can get away sometimes because of the bounce. You may get away with full wide balls. In India, it does not bounce and finds the middle of the bat and goes flying to point or extra cover for four.''' ,'''In a World Cup you don't have anywhere to hide.''' ,'''Once I step over that white line I become The Bowler.''' ,'''The thing I've got to concentrate on for South Africa is bowling at good pace and if the ball is in the right area that will cause enough trouble.''' ,'''In my opinion Test cricket is the best version of this game. It tests you mentally, physically, emotionally.''' ,'''I come across as quite aggressive and quite in people's faces and everything like that, but I know where to draw the line.''' ,'''I still don't know why batsmen are taking so much time to figure me out.''' ,'''I don't know what it is about fast bowling. I guess it's the ability to do something that nobody else can really do.''' ,'''In South Africa, we kind of like looking for things that unite people in big, big groups.''' ,'''Lord's is a special place. I used to love watching games there as a youngster and I've been fortunate enough to play a couple of games there.''' ,'''With my work schedule, it's difficult for me to spend quality time with my dogs. But whenever I'm home, I make it a point to spend as much time as possible with my dogs.''' ,'''If I'm only going to play one more match, I want to take a wicket with every ball, not try and defend a boundary.''' ,'''It's important to get under your opponent's skin and let them know that you are coming for them out in the middle. When you do that, half the battle's won!''' ,'''I want to keep experimenting and trying to change my game.''' ,'''Pace is the most important thing. That is the one thing that I have had throughout my whole career.''' ,]
+++