+++
author = "Amandla Stenberg"
title = "Amandla Stenberg Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Amandla Stenberg Quotes"
keywords = "amandla stenberg,amandla stenberg quotes,amandla stenberg quote,amandla stenberg sayings,amandla stenberg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a huge fan of Toni Morrison. I just think she's so incredible. And also Nayyirah Waheed, who's a poet.''' ,'''My mom reminds me that all things are possible.''' ,'''Within months after reading the novel 'The Hunger Games,' I went from telling my mom that I could see myself as this character to actually getting the role. My mother reminds me that if I could manifest such an important role just because I wanted it so much, all of my dreams are possible.''' ,'''People are getting tired of the same material; they want to see black girls as leads in movies. And I happen to be lucky enough to understand that - and be able to grab that opportunity and run with it.''' ,'''As I started to explore my gender identity, I didn't know how I could claim the title of 'feminist' without subscribing to the gender binary. I thought I had to be a proud woman to be a feminist. Then I came to the realization that I can be proud of women without necessarily identifying as one.''' ,'''I think that, as a black girl, you grow up internalizing all these messages that say you shouldn't accept your hair or your skin tone or your natural features or that you shouldn't have a voice or that you aren't smart.''' ,'''Everyone experiences different parts of themselves at different times, these different parts of themselves that come out in different settings.''' ,'''One of the most challenging things for me to do was to walk away from 'Black Panther.'''' ,'''Growing up, I was always super into fantasy and 'The Lord of the Rings' and 'Game of Thrones' and all of that, but I could never find black characters whom I really liked.''' ,'''I don't think of myself as statically a girl.''' ,'''I come from a very musical family. My dad taught me to play guitar. I play violin and drums as well. Violin, I started in elementary school. Drums actually came when I was in a program called 'Rock Star,' which was really awesome. We were doing a song by the Ramones, so I thought, 'Why not play the drums?'''' ,'''There's so much power in allegory, to form ideas and learn lessons that you can actually take and apply to real life. I think that's why I originally really loved fantasy and reading.''' ,'''I think 'The Hunger Games' has a really powerful message about survival, and sacrificing for the ones you love. It's almost like a warning for us to not lose touch of our humanity. We live in a world in which we watch other's misfortunes for entertainment.''' ,'''I hope people online understand that the celebrity culture we've created is not really real. So when they're speaking to and about me, I'm a person, so I'm going to make mistakes. It's inevitable because I'm human.''' ,'''I love all kinds of art. I mean, I love sketching and acting and music.''' ,'''I really love my hair. I really embrace it, and I'm so glad that I made the decision to wear it natural.''' ,'''I often find myself in situations where I am the token black person. It can feel like this enormous weight.''' ,'''I think something that's really important to me is trying to do what I can from my position of power that comes with having a social media platform to dismantle certain systems that I think are really gross and harmful.''' ,'''As a fan of the books, I feel fortunate to be part of 'The Hunger Games' family. It was an amazing experience; I am proud of the film and my performance. I want to thank all of my fans and the entire 'Hunger Games' community for their support and loyalty.''' ,'''I'm really passionate about representation in film. I feel like the world is dominated by such a small group of human beings. There are so many different kinds of people that aren't represented, that don't have characters who look like them.''' ,'''I don't think gender even exists.''' ,'''It's so important to create roles and characters and projects that feature black people in a way that's not specifically targeted towards the niche market, which is, like, a black movie is created, and it's produced and pitched so that only black people will watch it.''' ,'''You don't have to force your career to happen all at once.''' ,'''I'm just someone who cannot fake it. I can only do something with my full heart invested or just not do it at all.''' ,'''I'm lucky because the most dangerous thing that could happen to me is that someone will say something mean on a computer screen miles away, and so I feel like if that's all that I'm facing, then why would I not use my platform to talk about things?''' ,'''I knew when I was about 14 that I wanted to be a director and that I wanted to go to NYU for film school.''' ,'''My sexuality's very fluid, and my gender is very fluid.''' ,'''I know when I used to chemically straighten mine, I did it because I wasn't comfortable with my natural hair. I thought it was too poofy, too kinky. So for me, personally, when I started wearing it natural, it felt like I was blossoming because I was letting go of all the dead hair and all the parts of me that had rejected my natural state.''' ,''''A Tree Grows in Brooklyn' by Betty Smith is one of my favorites. Even though it doesn't have any monsters or crazy fantasy in it, it's such a raw story, and I can really relate to the characters. I think it's a beautiful story.''' ,'''I've read the 'Mortal Instruments' series; I was obsessed with those.''' ,'''I'm someone who is inspired by people who've spoken out about different racial and gender issues.''' ,'''Me talking about political issues on a social platform was kind of an accident. It's something that's a part of my everyday - it's super central to who I am as a person.''' ,]
+++