+++
author = "Kim Ki-Duk"
title = "Kim Ki-Duk Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Kim Ki-Duk Quotes"
keywords = "kim ki-duk,kim ki-duk quotes,kim ki-duk quote,kim ki-duk sayings,kim ki-duk saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't really know how I grow. I can only see the changes when I look at the films.''' ,'''I don't have the ability to find a middle ground with my audiences, and I know this too well.''' ,'''A person's current personality of love, hatred, jealousy, rage or a murderous intent and so on is formed upon genetic elements, education, the environment and a family a person grows in.''' ,'''An artist's creative energy is ephemeral as a flower. It blooms and soon dies. No artist is great forever. Personally, I think I reached my peak in 2004 when I shot 'Samaria' and '3-Iron'.''' ,'''I always concentrate on respecting human beings and their lives and the meaning within their lives, and I believe that is something people around the world can appreciate.''' ,'''I don't think that the spoken words solve everything. Sometimes silence delivers truer feelings while the words can distort the meaning in some situations.''' ,'''Many people who have watched 'Pieta' have said my filmmaking has become more objective.''' ,'''A director should not define everything. For me, the movie is a form of a question I pose to the others or to the audience. I want to ask their opinion on my point of view and discuss it with them.''' ,'''Yes I did study to be a preacher, but I didn't finish.''' ,'''I try not to interpret things of the world into a single meaning. Rather, I try the opposite.''' ,]
+++