+++
author = "Karan Patel"
title = "Karan Patel Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Karan Patel Quotes"
keywords = "karan patel,karan patel quotes,karan patel quote,karan patel sayings,karan patel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People will bring up all kinds of masala, but all that matters to me are my fans. They are my strength. I am overwhelmed by their support and love. It just pays off for all the hard work you put in.''' ,'''We don't get offered roles because of who we are but because of what we delivered in the past.''' ,'''It's just sad that one's attitude is always speculated, even if you've not done something.''' ,'''My role model has been Shah Rukh Khan. There is something or the other for one to learn from his career.''' ,'''My mom has always been beside me, always telling me what's right and what's not, guiding me through it all, keeping me away from bad company and from bad habits.''' ,'''My trainer ensures I eat right and balance out in between my hectic shoot schedule.''' ,'''My ideal woman would be someone with both beauty and intelligence. Someone who can hold her own in a conversation, gets along with my family and respects elders, loves children, and have a sense of humour as whacky as mine.''' ,'''I don't like people lying; I like honesty.''' ,'''People might be surprised because I settled for an arranged marriage, but that's what's chosen for us.''' ,'''My fans have always been supportive during my highs and lows. They have been the best set of fans, ever.''' ,'''Giving a break to yourself and the audience, once in a while, is good.''' ,'''My life is an open book. You're welcome to speculate.''' ,'''I always try to balance life by thinking failure of any kind, be it relationship or any project, should not affect me as an individual.''' ,'''There have been times when I have goofed up, and like every adolescent, I sometimes did get led the wrong way. I would come back home really scared to face my mom's wrath and anger, but surprisingly, I never got to face one. She would always tell me in a very nice manner that what I did was wrong and that I should correct myself.''' ,'''I am an actor, and that's the most important thing to me. I cannot imagine a life where I would be anything else but an actor, so putting all my energy into a shot comes naturally to me.''' ,'''I am blessed with a funny gene that makes me enjoy life.''' ,'''Off-screen, I am the most outgoing and friendly person.''' ,'''Once in a while I do put up a video or a thank you tweet for my fans. I think our interaction cements our bond. Getting so much love from them makes me feel blessed.''' ,'''I have had my share of choices and temptations, too; I would not lie about that. And I would also like to confess that had it not been for my mother, I would probably have never been able to make the right decisions during those formative years of my life.''' ,'''My fitness instructor helped me with strength training, muscle building, and toning.''' ,'''I don't belong to the slums, but to play Naru in 'City Of Gold,' I had to live for months in a real chawl before we shot the film.''' ,'''If I was constantly on TV, people would get bored of me.''' ,'''I used to think I was a big star. And I used to think that the TV industry, Balaji, and my show will not survive without me. But then I realised that you cannot be bigger than your work.''' ,'''Adopting this lifestyle and opting to exercise has helped me a lot in life.''' ,'''You cannot go far alone. You enjoy your journey better if you have people by your side.''' ,'''I understand that people have aspirations, and everyone wants to play the lead role. But, I do believe that one must climb the ladder from the first step.''' ,'''Success is a collective job, and one can't claim the credit for themselves.''' ,'''I was a kid when I did the hit show 'Kasturi' in 2007. Maybe stardom went to my head and I thought I was bigger than I actually was. I took everything for granted.''' ,'''I don't think I am a very big star on TV.''' ,'''There is something like destiny. I don't really care if people doubt or express shock over whether our marriage will work.''' ,'''When I will be with the perfect girl at the perfect place, that would be a perfect date for me.''' ,'''I've always loved the media and will continue to do so, but I do feel with due respect to all concerned that surrounding us and giving us no space to move becomes difficult when you're out with family.''' ,'''I do a lot of weight training, and my workouts are intense, which include cardios, core body workouts, and functional training.''' ,'''Any common man can relate to the story that 'Ye Hai Mohabbatein' has.''' ,'''For any actor, it's very important to make your co-star comfortable.''' ,'''I am a different person in front of the camera; it comes as easy to me as breathing does.''' ,'''There was a time when I had no work, and I had to sit at home for 4 years.''' ,'''Atmosphere on the sets of 'YHM' is absolutely brilliant. It's kind of picnic always, and we have a gala time shooting together.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you entertain for few hours, but people remember a good human being for a longer time.''' ,'''If you want to be loved, keep your head on your shoulders and feet on the ground. There is nothing wrong in that. I do the same, and others should also follow this motto.''' ,'''I am quite a fitness freak. I may not have the time to sleep, but a workout is a must. I have even set up a small personal gym on the sets.''' ,'''My diet is high on protein, which keeps me energised and fresh.''' ,'''London has always been my favourite city. I visit it almost every other year.''' ,'''I think one needs a companion at some point in life.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an actor, so I began to prepare myself for a career in acting. I did a course at Kishore Namit Kapoor's acting school. I was with Shiamak Davar's dance school and also did theatre with Nadira Babbar.''' ,'''Ankita is the best wife and the best companion I could ever get.''' ,'''My mother has always kept the entire family together - my dad, due to his business, has always been travelling, and hence, she at times had to play the role of a father and a mother as well.''' ,'''For me, stardom means when people know your name when you appear on screen.''' ,'''My job is to act, so I just focus on that.''' ,'''Shah Rukh Khan started his career with television, and now he is a superstar. You can't generalise and say that TV actors can't make it to films.''' ,'''It is a proud moment for any male actor to have thousands of females chasing you.''' ,'''The funniest memory that I can recall about my school days has to be one incident that involved unfinished homework for numerous days. I didn't do any of my homework for days and days at a stretch, and kept stalling my teacher that I was extremely unwell and was under heavy medication.''' ,'''I express myself the way I want. Sometimes, I know, I do put up posts that might be insensitive, but I am not someone who deletes a post. If my posts end up hurting people, I don't have any qualms apologising, and I have done that in the past.''' ,'''I am from Mumbai. I studied at the Utpal Sanghvi School at Juhu and then went to the Mithibai College. I come from a business family, and I am the only son.''' ,'''I am a celebrity, and it feels good to be famous.''' ,'''I don't go by or change my attitude based on what people say. At the end of the day, they, too, are judging me from their perspective. I would rather be myself and let people accept me for what I am than be somebody who I am not, just because I want people's approval.''' ,'''Just because I am a celebrity doesn't mean I can't say, 'Sorry.'''' ,'''People are sensible enough to know who's dragging my name in dirt for publicity.''' ,'''The audiences know their actors. Didn't Shah Rukh Khan have a romantic image despite playing a dad in 'Kuch Kuch Hota Hai?'''' ,'''I have always been misunderstood.''' ,'''I am known to wear my heart on my sleeves.''' ,'''I respect people's feelings when they say they love me, but it is completely their choice of expression, and I am alien to it. People have a right to express, but that's it.''' ,]
+++