+++
author = "Garrett Clayton"
title = "Garrett Clayton Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Garrett Clayton Quotes"
keywords = "garrett clayton,garrett clayton quotes,garrett clayton quote,garrett clayton sayings,garrett clayton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was trying to be someone for the first part of high school. I was kind of this nerdy kid who didn't want to be a nerd anymore. Even talking about it, I'm embarrassed. I'm like, 'Ugh, why did you care what people thought?'''' ,'''By the time I got to set for 'Cobra,' I think I'd lost about 28 pounds in about a month and a half. I didn't want to look back and be like, 'Wow, someone should stop eating PB and J's.' Like, if I'm going to look back when I'm 80, I wanted to be like, 'Wow, okay, I looked pretty fit. I used my youth right.'''' ,'''I don't talk about how old I am because sometimes it can affect parts that you get in Hollywood. I don't believe that it's a necessary element. I feel that I'm a character, and I'm an actor. People focusing on my age instead of the role I'm playing can be a hindrance.''' ,'''I don't really like talking about my personal life. I like a certain amount of veil.''' ,'''We all fall in love with someone for the person they are - not because of their race, their hair, or any of the frivolous things that go away in time.''' ,'''I really bonded with my mom, growing up, through our love of horror movies!''' ,'''I love doing the dishes... not for the act of cleaning but because I get to put my headphones in, listen to music, and ignore the world for an hour, and it's totally acceptable because I'm cleaning.''' ,'''I'm a hot mess when it comes to any physical activity. My body just pours sweat. Not a lot of people know, but I always have my trusty inhaler with me. When I start to have even a little bit of an asthma attack, I just start dripping sweat. It's my body's emergency system.''' ,'''After I started being able to grow a beard, I was obviously done at Disney - until I'm old enough to be a parent or an annoying older brother.''' ,'''I started dancing when I was about 15 or 16 in my high school drama club, and then I liked it so much that they offered dual enrollment classes. So my senior year, I ended up taking college dance courses while I was in high school because I had good grades.''' ,'''Entitled people drive me insane. The world owes you nothing! Get over it!''' ,'''I was a kid who had asthma and bifocals and wore sweater vests.''' ,'''There's all these idealistic things that TV and movies tell you that you should want to be. And when you're growing up, you find out what you really care about and what really matters.''' ,'''I haven't been brought down because people are focused on who I'm dating, what I'm eating, or what handbag is the best handbag - that's so cheap to me. But if others want to open up about their personal lives, that is their choice. It's not for me to judge.''' ,]
+++