+++
author = "Ken Marino"
title = "Ken Marino Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Ken Marino Quotes"
keywords = "ken marino,ken marino quotes,ken marino quote,ken marino sayings,ken marino saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like Comic-Con. It's always nice to talk to people who are fans of 'Children's Hospital.'''' ,'''It wasn't that much of a stretch to play a gay demon. I am, you know, both gay and a demon. Don't tell my wife.''' ,'''I'm not going to deny that I enjoy a good four or five hour karaoke session. But who doesn't?''' ,'''I hope to direct a feature very soon. That is a big goal for me. I'm looking forward to hopefully getting that opportunity.''' ,'''I guess there are people who are like, 'Here's one thing, and I'm gonna do it,' but I can't. I don't have the capacity to have that singular focus. I need to try to get a lot of things going 'cause you never know what's gonna hit.''' ,'''It's absolutely surprising to me how well 'The State' has held up as far as people liking it and having fond memories of it, considering it's a sketch show.''' ,'''I like shows where, like, there's a team that they're against the world.''' ,'''I'm a huge 'Eastbound & Down' fan. I'm an enormous Danny McBride fan.''' ,''''Party Down' was one of the most magical, special experiences of my professional career. Also special in my personal life, too. I made really good friends, and I had just a great time, and it was a great part.''' ,'''I don't want to judge America. I love America. God bless America. There are so many wonderful things about America. The fork! But we are a little behind on the bidet situation. I'm willing to say that. Hopefully we'll get our act together.''' ,'''To go from working with a group of people in a sketch-comedy show on a small network, where it was all about just creating funny stuff, to being on a network show, and the pressures of that, and getting to know the new people who were involved in it. There was a learning curve for me. But it was an education.''' ,'''I just - I like the saccharin and the gooeyness of 'Bachelor,' and how just gross and like falsely romantic it is. Whereas, like, the 'Real Housewives' is just raw, and it's just - it's the fights that get me. It's just very uncomfortable for me.''' ,'''I love horror comedies, and I love horror movies. In particular, I love horror movies from the '80s that have practical monsters in them. They're not just slasher movies with people going to kill people in people's houses. Although I do like 'The Last House on the Left,' and things like that, I do like these ridiculous monster movies.''' ,'''I love that there are so many 'Veronica Mars' fans. I was not a regular on the show. I was lucky enough to just come on. I loved the character. But, I never really realized the rabid fans that it had. I just didn't know.''' ,'''The stuff I write with Joe Lo Truglio tends to lean towards horror-comedy and horror.''' ,'''Hey, don't knock Judy Blume. Without her, my younger self would never have been able to decode the random acts of madness perpetrated by the fascinating creature known as the teenage girl.''' ,'''Every bathroom in my house will ultimately have a Toto bidet in it.''' ,'''It's absolutely surprising to me how well 'The State' has held up as far as people liking it and having fond memories of it, considering it's a sketch show. I think one of the things that helped its mystique is, it never came out on DVD or video or whatever.''' ,'''One of the things I would love to do is 'Axe Cop,' which is a comic book. I would like to be involved in 'Axe Cop' someday. I would also love to be in a Western.''' ,'''The key to acting is less acting and just reacting.''' ,'''I watch a lot of ESPN. I just kind of keep it on for long periods of time and watch guys yell at each other about sports things.''' ,]
+++