+++
author = "Emily Blunt"
title = "Emily Blunt Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Emily Blunt Quotes"
keywords = "emily blunt,emily blunt quotes,emily blunt quote,emily blunt sayings,emily blunt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Americans are a lot more open, of course. There's something more declamatory in the way you express emotions. It's a stereotype but it's true. British people can appear repressed in expressing emotions. Not very good at self-evaluating, or affirming situations, touching, anything like that.''' ,'''With Ricky Gervais, it's all shades of wrong, it's my kind of humor.''' ,'''It's always a little mind-boggling to realize that these famous actors know who I am.''' ,'''Give us a break! I've hardly done anything but independent films.''' ,'''If you're very open to watching the world go by, with people's different tics, you absorb it all without realizing it and find ways to put something into your character. I'm not sure I'm always aware I'm mimicking someone.''' ,'''I don't really watch that much TV, to be honest.''' ,'''I'm on a health kick! I'm drawn to cheeseburgers, so I've got to just try and keep it on an even keel.''' ,'''I had to learn to dance for 'The Adjustment Bureau' and it was nearly impossible. I turned up with my knees knocking in my leotard and went home and cried my eyes out.''' ,'''I think it is nice for people to appreciate a slow-burning, beautiful story that makes you feel good when it is over.''' ,'''It's sort of a meat market, the whole awards thing, and I don't think you can predict it anymore - who's going to like what you've done, if it's worthy or not. And hopefully, that's not why you make a film, because if you're distracted by that, or only striving for that, you don't do it justice.''' ,'''I would love to be on Broadway!''' ,'''When you're in love, you're so happy that you want to tell people about it. But now I have to censor myself. You need to protect the happiness you have.''' ,'''People just want to know something, anything. It's all the stuff you never want to talk about, the private stuff.''' ,'''I'm kind of effectively bipolar.''' ,'''A lot of period dramas can appear quite arch to most people, stuffy.''' ,'''I'm not much of a crier but it is mildly soul-destroying and exposing to do something physical that you are terrible at in front of other people.''' ,'''If you're in America a lot, it's easy to get into playing American. All of it, the sounds, the energies, all very different. But it's really hard to do the accent. I tend to try and stay in it all day, which is the only way I can manage it.''' ,'''I do strive to find projects that are trying to carve out some new space. I enjoy projects that leap away from the crowd a little bit.''' ,'''I think for me the job always has to be the right thing at the right time.''' ,'''If you can capture the humanity of a family struggling in an economic crisis you can make a difference. You can raise awareness just of the simple humanity.''' ,'''I want to find something really wonderful to do next and take my time to search through the dearth of great material, especially for women.''' ,'''I almost broke my coccyx on 'The Wolf Man', and I banged my head once. I had to fall really hard.''' ,'''Why should you have to atone for making big movies?''' ,'''I'm a big supporter of Joe Johnston and I think that 'Captain America' is going to be really fun and I gather that the story is really interesting. It just wasn't what I wanted to do next, to be honest.''' ,'''It's a big chip on my shoulder that I have not been to any of his parties - P. Diddy, Diddy Puff. But he was super nice to me. And he does look sharp, that guy. Doesn't ever go wrong with a suit.''' ,'''Watch the History Channel if you want it literal and historically perfect.''' ,'''I'm Sudafed-ed up, but it's alright because I'm having to do this rather sultry scene, so maybe it's OK that my voice is three octaves lower.''' ,'''The performances I enjoy are the ones that are hard to read or ambiguous or left-of-centre because it makes you look closer and that's what humans are like - quite mysterious creatures, hard to pinpoint.''' ,'''I can understand there are things like shadows they need to fix after a shoot, but it's unfair to represent an image of yourself if it's not true. They're gonna see what you look like on film anyway, so why try to cover all your wobbly bits in a photo?''' ,'''The business is all about gush and hype. You never have a bad meeting in L.A.''' ,'''It just proves good movies don't need 100 million dollars to be good.''' ,'''Personally, I'm an advocate for short engagements. Long sometimes means there is a reason for it. Two years engaged and no wedding... I'd be upset.''' ,'''Marriage is something that needs to be worked on every day. I don't know if I'm the one to give marital advice since I've only been married for a little over a year, but marriage is certainly easier if you are open, trusting and loving.''' ,'''I've got guns now. It's kind of gross.''' ,'''It's very hard to play the straight lead girl and still make her sparkly and fun and real.''' ,'''It's quite hard to faze me. I'm fairly un-shockable.''' ,'''I attempted to fish in Scotland and I managed to hook a dog. It was a horrible moment but the dog turned out to be fine.''' ,'''I appreciate a slow-burn romance. In most movies, everyone is just tearing their clothes off in the first scene.''' ,'''People quit on jobs. They quit on marriages. They quit on school. There's an immediacy of this day and age that doesn't lend itself to being committed to anything.''' ,'''After this interview, I'm going to immigration to try to sort out my Green Card, just like any other normal person.''' ,'''You can go at the premiere it's at Disneyland.''' ,'''There is absolutely, 100 percent, a light at the end of the tunnel for anyone who stutters.''' ,'''I used to look like a deer in headlights on the red carpet. You step out of the car and it's bedlam. Everyone's got crazy eyes.''' ,'''I'm such a diva on set.''' ,'''I had a non-existent knowledge of Queen Victoria's early years. Like everyone else, I thought of her as an old lady dressed in black. My mom had told me about her, though, that she had a very loving relationship with Albert, that they had lots of kids, and that he died young.''' ,'''I'm about to do my second Bikram yoga class in Anchorage, Alaska. It's the only way to stay warm. I've got to get into shape. I've been eating nothing but fish and chips.''' ,'''I'm not someone who likes to plan too much ahead.''' ,'''It's nothing to be ashamed of to have a stutter.''' ,'''I find it quite hard to sum up my relationship in a sound bite. I feel that it trivializes it for other people's pleasure. It's an adventure.''' ,'''So I don't really have much rivalry, or if there is any, I don't really know anything about it. Because, you know, I'm not around girls like that. The friends I have in the business, I'm always really happy for them. I think we're always happy for each other. That sounds crap, but it's true.''' ,'''I think I'm drawn to characters with complexity or who are under duress in some way and have some conflict going on.''' ,]
+++