+++
author = "Miguel Mckelvey"
title = "Miguel Mckelvey Quotes"
quotes_len = "73"
description = "the best 73 Miguel Mckelvey Quotes"
keywords = "miguel mckelvey,miguel mckelvey quotes,miguel mckelvey quote,miguel mckelvey sayings,miguel mckelvey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd eat bowls of soft-serve ice cream until I felt sick.''' ,'''When you have your own business, you don't mind failing if it makes you better in the long run.''' ,'''I've seen how business can transform communities.''' ,'''We're really focused on being 'of no time.' We studied the idea of timelessness, looking at what designs in history have become timeless.''' ,'''To me, just to be surrounded by others, even without a common purpose, is great fulfillment.''' ,'''We're not really in the real-estate space so much as we are the community-building space.''' ,'''It's certainly important for people to have a sense of privacy.''' ,'''Many of the things we looked to solve initially were services like Internet and desk space. Then we got into the game of connecting people.''' ,'''People can connect in different ways. If you do a rope course with someone you otherwise wouldn't meet and you share this incredible challenge, then you have perhaps formed a bond that could last forever.''' ,'''What draws us to a city like San Francisco is the same thing that draws entrepreneurs, startups, and freelancers to WeWork: it's the creative atmosphere, the technical sophistication, and the strong sense of community.''' ,'''If you look at WeWork as a brand I think the way we design has a more masculine vibe.''' ,'''There is always someone who is going to look for the cracks.''' ,'''For many of us, we imagine that separation is crucial, the time for your mind to switch from one thing to another is important. And there are other people who are much more comfortable with that barrier being on a spectrum, always working or always semi-working.''' ,'''We had a bunch of 'we's - a fitness concept, a restaurant concept. The first business plan we had included all of them.''' ,'''There's a trend for people wanting more meaning in their work and pursuing something in the day-to-day that is valuable rather than working as a means to the end.''' ,'''What will make you energized and motivated, to be awesome today? Is it an awesome shower in the morning, is it a great breakfast, is it a beautiful view? Or is it all of those things together.''' ,'''If you can figure out a way for people at all different stages of life to believe that they're all meaningful to each other, then yes, WeLive can work anywhere.''' ,'''We need to pay attention to the whole space - every room, chair and table - so it feels uplifting and inspiring.''' ,'''In the U.S., people are habitual about drinking coffee in the morning. In China, many are drinking coffee in the afternoon.''' ,'''Happiness, the feeling of positivity, really is the foundation of productivity.''' ,'''The vision for WeWork has always been about community. It's been about working together to accomplish things greater than what we can accomplish on our own.''' ,'''I often spend the majority of my time thinking and writing down notes.''' ,'''It can be isolating to be an entrepreneur... you have to keep hustling to make it happen and that can be lonely.''' ,'''Apart from differentiating our spaces with design, we also look for buildings that have distinctive character. We make sure every seat is a good one.''' ,'''When you're 30, 40, 50 people and you're all in the room and that energy flows, that's sort of easy to maintain and I think we've learned to love that.''' ,'''In the big picture, we see WeLive as a huge opportunity, as big as WeWork, for sure.''' ,'''When we started WeWork it really was thought of holistically.''' ,'''Religion is no longer a connection point for most people. Our communities were built on coming together in physical locations once a week or twice a week. These institutions have dissipated.''' ,'''When you have no idea what to do or how to do it, you just need to see and absorb as much as you possibly can and just fill your vocabulary and your brain with as much as humanly possible.''' ,'''When we imagine a future for both WeWork and WeLive and the other things that we're doing, it really is about unlocking people.''' ,'''Our aspiration is to be a holistic support system or lifestyle solution for people who are interested in being open and connected.''' ,'''When you're in the moments of greatest stress, those are the most memorable.''' ,'''We think we can play a small part in the evolution of culture.''' ,'''A desk for $350 a month in a common area is not as cheap as a coffee shop. But a lot of people would say they're empowered by that environment in a way that makes it worth it.''' ,'''I don't think we are trying too hard. WE is inclusive from the beginning. That's the whole point. We've always been, 'everyone is welcome.' There is no velvet rope, no barrier to entry.''' ,'''Commerce is a core component of pretty much any successful society.''' ,'''Partitions and cubicles can be oppressive. They are so boring.''' ,'''It's so uncommon to have a place where no one can call you.''' ,'''When you go to a normal architecture firm they aren't going to be innovative in terms of their systems. They're not going to be thinking of the whole lifespan of this project, or how do we document every single light bulb, or every product, so that when a chair breaks in a conference room, we can replace it right away.''' ,'''I want to be a person who says 'Hey, if something is going on, come and tell me about it.'''' ,'''Look, I'm 41 with a six-year-old son, and even though I live in a building with a million kids, he doesn't have one friend there because there's no context for making that happen. I think there's a huge market for a connected building where I could broadcast to other parents that I want to set up a playdate for my child.''' ,'''The reality is we are all about servicing people and helping them achieve their dream, follow their journey and define their own success. When that is 100% authentic that flows through everything we do and translates.''' ,'''We know the number of conference rooms and phone booths that make a building successful.''' ,'''You should be happy to spend ten to twelve hours a day wherever you work.''' ,'''Rather than trying to fit a prescribed need for office sizes, we try to go with the flow of the building as much as possible.''' ,'''One thing that people in Miami seem to be good at is partying.''' ,'''The difference between me and a lot of other people is I can feel the effect of light, space, furniture, height, scale, distance, all these micro-environments affect me in a strong way.''' ,'''Many of our buildings have large format murals that are of varying subject matter, and we've found that those are the sort of things that make people stop, digest, and absorb.''' ,'''I still want an entrepreneurial culture to exist forever.''' ,'''In New York, you have thousands of buildings that have never been renovated, that have horrible designs, that are really cramped and terrible.''' ,'''Even companies with big resources were not creating spaces supportive of their teams. We see that in creating those types of spaces, there is an amazing human potential for excitement and happiness. Especially among companies trying to serve a younger, more innovative workforce.''' ,'''I don't eat meat, but I don't consider myself a vegetarian.''' ,'''Companies have greater responsibility to their team members and to the world these days. We're the ones with the power. Large employers are the ones that can move the needle on issues.''' ,'''I like to be next to the center of attention.''' ,'''I consider myself to be a 'reducetarian.' I try to consume less and be aware of the decisions I'm making. Not just food, but single-use plastics, and fossil fuels and energy.''' ,'''The copycats are interesting because some of them branded themselves as 'WeWork of China,' which helped establish us before we were there.''' ,'''You can only stay up all night so many times.''' ,'''Hospitality is about trying to support multiple functions in one space.''' ,'''We've set this forever ambition to make WeWork the best place.''' ,'''When the idea of 'We' came in, it started as a 'WeBlank: WeWork, WeLive, WeSleep, WeEat.' That was the premise at the very start.''' ,'''People need a space that they can go to make a conference or Skype call. It's important to create those spaces and create a company culture that supports those spaces.''' ,'''We're very specific when we're drawing work plans. We think about the chances of when a person gets off the elevator where they will go. We think about how people get to a coffee machine, when they go and get their lunch, when they go to the bathroom.''' ,'''Trends start and then explode very quickly, and pretty soon it's everywhere, including McDonalds.''' ,'''More and more people are getting turned out of their corporations and laid off. As more people leave that behind, they're tapping into their own skill sets and talents and doing something for themselves.''' ,'''We're not competing against other people who have similar ideas but we're competing against ideas of work in general. There are still traditional office spaces that are not friendly to human beings that are not designed for connection and collaboration.''' ,'''Our growth has been very fast but in every place we've gone, we've achieved great success.''' ,'''Our mission is to support people in their life's path or career path, as they define it, and really, to help people succeed in whatever way they choose to. That's what we started from.''' ,'''Empowering people to pursue their journeys. That's our first mission. Put people into an environment where they can do that, and that creates the energy.''' ,'''People really want different things depending on who they are.''' ,'''If I had to name my superpower, it's probably empathy.''' ,'''When we first started we felt something changing in terms of work, and we felt it was a global shift. People were taking control of their future, not just in terms of making money. They wanted to control their own destiny.''' ,'''It's a dream come true to think that opportunities flow from personal connections.''' ,'''There's no such thing as 'making it.'''' ,]
+++