+++
author = "Samaire Armstrong"
title = "Samaire Armstrong Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Samaire Armstrong Quotes"
keywords = "samaire armstrong,samaire armstrong quotes,samaire armstrong quote,samaire armstrong sayings,samaire armstrong saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Frankie Muniz is amazing at everything he does. Many people don't know that he can play the piano like you wouldn't believe, and he can bowl and play basketball like you wouldn't believe.''' ,'''My whole thing is being sexy without showing too much, because that's my comfort level.''' ,'''I usually just dress myself. I typically make something or buy something and fix it up. I really like to spend my money on accessories like bags, shoes, belts. I don't really spend on things I can make.''' ,'''I found that doing Pilates consistently three to four times a week had an amazing effect on really toning and shaping a tight waist and legs.''' ,'''My family is heavily involved in the Marines and close-combat training, and I was raised doing Japanese sword training, so I've always been of the mentality that you have to be able to defend yourself.''' ,'''I think that men's clothing should be functional. If there's a rip in his jeans, it should be because he was out working, not because he ripped them so they looked cool. It's even better if they're ripped because he got in a fight.''' ,'''I feel like if I'm sick, I need flowers. I'm very open about saying what I need from a partner, and he needs to meet those demands.''' ,'''I don't think anyone's made a videogame yet that is me as the target audience.''' ,'''My parents always say I have really good legs. I've worked really hard for them. They always insist that I show my legs.''' ,'''I've spent most of my life doing some sort of exercise, but I've learned to never push myself into doing it. I know that when I am up for it I will, and when I'm not in the mood to, I don't make myself feel badly over it.''' ,'''It's a really scary thing, having your dreams come true and seeing everything you ever wanted happening, getting the attention for it and then not knowing how to handle it properly.''' ,]
+++