+++
author = "Jacquelyn Jablonski"
title = "Jacquelyn Jablonski Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Jacquelyn Jablonski Quotes"
keywords = "jacquelyn jablonski,jacquelyn jablonski quotes,jacquelyn jablonski quote,jacquelyn jablonski sayings,jacquelyn jablonski saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was in Turks & Caicos, a bug jumped out of my room service menu. That kind of freaked me out.''' ,'''Craig McDean was probably one of the first people I shot with. I shot with him for years with Tommy Hilfiger and a few other jobs. He's just so nice and just a super normal, funny guy.''' ,'''My brother was diagnosed with autism at age 2. At the time, I was young, so I didn't really understand what it all meant. The doctors thought there was a possibility my brother wouldn't be able to speak - he was diagnosed on the severe end of the spectrum.''' ,'''I like Pantene shampoo and conditioner because my hair is so straight, and I find it gives me a little lift.''' ,'''Modeling was something I wanted to try from a really young age.''' ,'''I love carrot cake - that's probably my favorite - and I'm obsessed with peanut butter. I eat anything with peanut butter - maybe not carrot cake with peanut butter - but, I think I got this from 'The Parent Trap': Oreos and peanut butter; I like that. And peanut butter and apples, peanut butter and chocolate.''' ,'''Comfort is definitely important to me, especially when I'm running around.''' ,'''As long as I'm not living out of a suitcase, I'm happy.''' ,'''I was an athlete growing up. I did a lot of sports: soccer, basketball, so I was always so used to hardcore training, a lot of running. I got to a point where I felt like I just wanted to get toned; I didn't need to shed pounds, so now I do Pilates.''' ,'''I remember hearing other models talk about going to castings for Givenchy, and I was like, 'What are they saying?' And then I realized and was like, 'Oh, the Give-in-chee one.' I had been calling it Give-in-chee the whole time. I was shocked.''' ,'''I'm boyish with a feminine twist. I definitely gravitate toward oversized things like shirts and jackets. I like a good trouser, but then I might mix it up with something more feminine, like a pointy boot or pumps.''' ,'''I do love editorials - you're free to do whatever you want and portray a different character.''' ,'''Before I started modeling, I had never been out of the country, and now I feel like I'm out of the country at least a few times a month, if not once a week.''' ,'''In the beginning, I thought it would be really glamorous, working in fashion. But it's actually quite hard. You don't even know half the stuff that goes on backstage.''' ,'''I was always trying on clothes, always really into fashion, ever since probably kindergarten.''' ,'''I also want to try acting - give it a shot - maybe take some lessons, I think that could be fun. I feel like that could even help me with modeling, because in a way you have to act.''' ,'''No one from my town has ever become a model or an actor before.''' ,'''I love Mexican food, and there's a really good restaurant called El Parador that I love.''' ,'''I always love going to Paris, and now I feel like I know it really well.''' ,]
+++