+++
author = "Brian Bosworth"
title = "Brian Bosworth Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Brian Bosworth Quotes"
keywords = "brian bosworth,brian bosworth quotes,brian bosworth quote,brian bosworth sayings,brian bosworth saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you're 20, we all make stupid and impulsive decisions.''' ,'''All I want is the defining moment.''' ,'''I should hurt a lot more people than I do. I'd like to hurt someone on every play.''' ,'''Football is so barbaric. Sometimes I wonder what I was thinking by playing it. I feel almost like I escaped from boot camp.''' ,'''I'd like to improve on running plays. I want to see if I can hurt some more people. To me, I don't think I'm out there hurting enough people.''' ,'''I lead an introverted and boring life here in California.''' ,'''I hate when people call me 'The Boz'.''' ,'''I had sacrificed my entire life to play football.''' ,'''If you can miss getting up in the morning and running into a wall, I miss playing football. I'll never be a frustrated athlete.''' ,'''People never understood that there was Brian and The Boz. They were two completely different people.''' ,'''I'd rather be good than lucky.''' ,'''I'm moving to a point that I'm fed up with the N.C.A.A. dictation.''' ,'''I deeply regret those situations that have blemished the image of the University of Oklahoma, and I hope that I can rectify the embarrassment I have brought the university.''' ,'''Due to the injuries that I will have for the rest of my life, it is physically impossible for me to consider any career in wrestling.''' ,'''Wrestlers are a bunch of wanna-be football players.''' ,'''In the middle of a play, I go crazy and don't realize what I'm doing. I'll snap back to reality and I realize, 'Hey, I just ripped that boy's helmet off,' or, 'I'm over here twisting this guy's knee.''' ,'''I actually was rebelling as all young adults tend to do at or around the age of 19, to experiment with their lives and have fun.''' ,'''Usually the films that I do are released theatrically in foreign markets. In the U.S., they're either picked up as HBO premier films or Showtime first-runs. In today's market, in America, you need at least $50 million for your budget to go to the big show, and I'm not quite there yet. But keep watching - maybe someday I will be.''' ,'''The sight of burnt orange makes me puke.''' ,'''The saddest day of my life was the day I didn't get to play football anymore.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Coach Dorrell. I watched UCLA football for many, many years. I've grown accustomed to the Pac-10 style.''' ,'''How hard could it be? Is it really going to hurt? You get into that deep well of emotion if you are by yourself. Why am I here? What's the point of going on? If I can't do what I want to do, then what's the point?''' ,]
+++