+++
author = "Taylor Dayne"
title = "Taylor Dayne Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Taylor Dayne Quotes"
keywords = "taylor dayne,taylor dayne quotes,taylor dayne quote,taylor dayne sayings,taylor dayne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I came out the box and for seven years I had a huge career. And then it's done, it's dumped. But I ain't gone, and I refuse to be gone.''' ,'''This is one hell of a business I picked to be in.''' ,'''I'm not going to get into the writer's skills or what he was trying to portray because that's not fair. I can only say what I felt was trying to be portrayed there.''' ,'''By the second tour I had rice cakes and hummus with me, and I was jumping rope in my room.''' ,'''My current mantra is that sometimes we need teachers in our lives. I never had that in my life, parents and stuff like that; I tried to stay on the outside of them or anybody that had that kind of influence.''' ,'''So when I'm working out I do things extreme.''' ,'''All you needed back then was a blow dryer and a dream.''' ,'''And I'm also looking for a comeback record and it has to touch a lot of people.''' ,'''If anything changes shape or takes off without me, I'll come after you and kill you. I'm too type A.''' ,'''If we were truly in the studio making a record, it would have been more time consuming, and certainly I would have been more involved in the writing process.''' ,'''When I first came out, like a lot of the artists at that time, I had a very polished, very overproduced sound.''' ,'''I love drag queens... they perform me better than I ever could myself.''' ,'''I'm sure I'm perceived in a more glam way. This is my breakout if you will.''' ,'''Did people think I sounded black? Totally, but that was a marketing tool as well, but also this is how I grew up and these are my influences.''' ,'''I started working out with a trainer and I immediately saw results.''' ,'''That's really my goal now. I'm trying to be a positive role model to my kids and to just enjoy this ride, because it's hard. It's hard to enjoy it when you're in it.''' ,'''I have to be very careful about diet and exercise.''' ,'''I've had enough boyfriends and enough issues. I'd seen enough train wrecks.''' ,'''I smoked some pot as a kid, but I just never did drugs.''' ,'''I think I was perceived in one fashion. A video is based on a song. I think you can get glimpses of people's presence within that. There's some people you enjoy watching more than others.''' ,'''But once you strip that down, you realize it's all about a voice, like a Norah Jones - that's inspiring to me.''' ,'''The men were all scumbags, but the whole point of the film is to show the development of that. Each guy is going in there to have a good time. By and large, these men are career men, family men, and you just see the deterioration of them.''' ,'''I just try to get out of my own way because if anyone is their own worst enemy, it's usually you.''' ,'''Well, honey, I had the million dollar houses, I had the car, I had the horse, I had the barn; I had everything. Was I set free? I didn't even know what that meant.''' ,'''Creating a character and living truthfully through her is a whole different ball game. It's all part of the same person but it's a much newer medium for me.''' ,'''My first tour I was on the road for 18 months. You're just out there promoting.''' ,'''Plus, I am paranoid by nature. I need to be in control.''' ,'''Singing and being truthful to a song... I've developed that skill, and I know how to do that real instinctively, that's all I've been doing for the last 25 years.''' ,'''My tastes and inspirational artists were always rather eclectic and diverse.''' ,'''I'm not looking to go out there and make a rhythmic Timbaland track.''' ,]
+++