+++
author = "Olly Alexander"
title = "Olly Alexander Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Olly Alexander Quotes"
keywords = "olly alexander,olly alexander quotes,olly alexander quote,olly alexander sayings,olly alexander saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel like listening to sad songs are a way of narrating your life and confirming your identity.''' ,'''We can't police the way people express their sexuality.''' ,'''We are traumatized by growing up in a world that doesn't really accept us. Obviously, we've made great leaps and bounds, but I think there's a tendency to force a narrative onto queer people that once you come out... you have to be really happy and really successful and proud all the time.''' ,'''If you look at pop stars through the ages, we've had camp, glam popstars from the 80s - your George Michaels and what have you - but then people went back to the closet a bit, and became more homogenised and generic.''' ,'''The likelihood is that you or someone you know closely will suffer from a mental health condition in your lifetime.''' ,'''I don't know what's wrong with me - I don't know why I only get picked to play strange characters!''' ,'''I get a real thrill for being 'overtly queer' in my aesthetic.''' ,'''I used to be scared of people thinking I was gay but now I'd be shocked if they didn't.''' ,'''For a long time - when we first started getting a much higher level of attention - I really struggled with feeling like I was letting people down. Because when you do a show, there are, like, a hundred fans waiting to see you afterwards, and sometimes you can't see them.''' ,'''I'm fascinated by technology and how it is changing the way we live and view our humanity.''' ,'''I hear bands say they don't know what country they are in at times. Now I understand because we sleep at weird times and are always in different places - but I'm not moaning. It's all fun.''' ,'''I feel like you could listen to any Bon Iver song and it would make you cry. They're all so heart-wrenching.''' ,'''School was like a hostile place. I just hated being at school. I think some people really thrive in that environment. I was a good student, but I just didn't enjoy school. I found it really tough.''' ,'''I've done bits of writing for other people but when I'm writing music as Years & Years, I'm using my life and my stories and my experiences. I want it to be authentic and real but also to work as a pop song - I never want to just put in a cheesy line.''' ,'''I'm a real left-winger. I fancy Jeremy Corbyn!''' ,'''I like how it presented this contradiction because traditionally gay people have been shut out from the church, so 'Sanctify' was claiming a bit of that back and saying, 'My sexuality is holy.'''' ,'''My mum listened to stuff like Alanis Morissette and Tori Amos, but she also listened to a lot of '80s stuff like Heart. I still quite like Heart.''' ,'''I think everyone knows what it is like being in love. It's never a smooth thing. Whether you are happily together or not.''' ,'''I would love it if less bands were hetero.''' ,'''I love TLC and Aaliyah and all those early-millennial R&B singers.''' ,'''I grew up loving artists like the Spice Girls and Britney Spears - artists who seemed to live this fantasy lifestyle, and I remember always wanting to join these fantasy people in that world.''' ,'''I want to do a song with Rihanna - we need to make that work.''' ,'''All the best songs have an element of sadness.''' ,'''I think the reason I've been so committed to advocacy is because I see so many people in pain.''' ,'''Most of the pop videos I've seen that have any male/female interaction are usually centered around a romance - and that's great, I am all for romance. But let's face it, there are a lot of other sexualities and identities that are well-deserving of some shiny pop video love.''' ,'''When I meet gay kids and they know who we are, I remember that's amazing because literally every gay person in every gay story I knew growing up was doomed to die. There weren't any positive gay stories and it's incredible that has changed.''' ,'''Justin Tranter is an incredible queer voice in pop music and he's writing for Justin Bieber: it's genius.''' ,'''I think all of the best songs are about heartbreak and love.''' ,'''My dad had been very absent, even when he was there. Then he left the family and moved away. Our relationship, it feels to me, ended when I was 13.''' ,'''I think anything that happens to you between the ages of zero to 18, and probably further on, has a lasting impact on you.''' ,'''Blackpool is a hilarious place. It's kind of like the Las Vegas of the U.K. It's by the sea and there's a lot of casinos and resorts.''' ,'''I don't know if there's ever a point where you go, 'Oh, I'm successful now. Look at all this great stuff I've done,' because I don't think it can be tangible in that way.''' ,'''I come from a single-parent family and my Mum is super liberal.''' ,'''I've mostly worked in weird films playing weird characters, probably because I'm a weird person.''' ,'''My lyrics are about same-sex relationships, because that's who I am. It was important to me that I felt comfortable expressing myself.''' ,'''I had such intense self-loathing for so long.''' ,'''Dating shows should exist for people who aren't straight. They're out there, there aren't enough of them. Whether you try and squeeze a format that already works into something else. I don't know.'''' ,'''I don't want to be normal, I don't want to grow up.''' ,'''I identify as a gay man all the time, but I also like to identify as queer.''' ,'''I get trolled. The usual stuff - sometimes it's homophobic, like gay hate.''' ,'''I've been taking medication for depression and anxiety ever since I was a teenager and I've had treatment for both.''' ,'''The majority of the film industry is, like, obsessed with a ridiculous gender binary and keeping with this stupid social binary. Like, who cares?''' ,'''Women are so appallingly represented in movies.''' ,'''I was obsessed with Jeff Buckley for a while - I was convinced that Jeff Buckley and I were communicating with each other through time.''' ,'''When I was younger I thought that if you were famous and successful, it would mean that you just felt happy all the time. That you would become, like, this mystical creature that people just adored. And so you would adore yourself.''' ,'''I had what would now be called sleep paralysis, from six years old until maybe I was 16.''' ,'''I think there's strength in being honest and open about yourself and your struggles. But it can also be a challenge. This is my life, I live with my own mental health, and that is happening to me every day. I can talk about it from a position of 'Oh, I've done this' but I'm still living that existence.''' ,'''I feel sorry for straight people.''' ,'''With anxiety and depression, what's been most helpful to me has been learning a toolbox - a set of skills I can use when I'm in periods of low mood or feel an anxiety attack coming on. When Years & Years took off it felt like I needed that toolbox really quickly.''' ,'''The word queer first started being used in the late 1980s by members of the community who wanted to reclaim something negative and turn it into a positive. It's still a painful word for some, and lots of people don't identify with it. But for me it's a helpful and empowering term that unifies an ever-growing community.''' ,'''Words are important. They do matter.''' ,'''I get to do my own thing with music. I get to write the songs and sing the songs. As an actor, you have to do what someone else tells you to do and say someone else's words. And you're limited by the way you look and music is just more rewarding creatively for me.''' ,'''I can't play guitar well at all, so I had to learn that.''' ,'''Solitude is very restorative for me, especially because I spend so much time around other people and performing to people.''' ,'''Pop music has a pretty good track record of embracing queer culture.''' ,'''It's like any other part of your body - your mental health gets sick, and it needs treatment.''' ,'''What's great about being gay is that you can celebrate all types of sexualities, because we understand that being queer means you might also be gender nonconforming or bi or whatever.''' ,'''As young as 10 I started fancying boys. It's a common experience but I just wished I wasn't gay up until the age of 18 or 19.''' ,'''I can be a really awkward frontman on stage.''' ,'''I just listen to true-crime podcasts, do some weights and pretend I know what I'm doing.''' ,'''My sexuality is part of my music, part of my identity.''' ,'''I think the word 'twink' is pejorative. There's something endemic about the gay community where we praise masculinity more than anything else.''' ,'''I've been writing a lot of songs about my personal life and identity. That can be a real healing process.''' ,'''I always had really, really bad nightmares, like night terrors or whatever they're called. I used to wake up in the middle of the night and not be able to move... I'd hallucinate and have really scary visions and dreams, so I wouldn't want to sleep.''' ,'''I'd love to work with SBTRKT if he'd have me.''' ,'''There's entrenched homophobia behind the scenes at all levels of the music industry.''' ,'''I think music can be therapeutic and a really positive thing, but that seeing a therapist is the best form of therapy you can get.''' ,'''I used to travel a lot as a kid and when I first moved to England I felt lonely and my parents were splitting up at the time.''' ,'''I think kids are all focused on their hierarchy and status, and I was low status or something.''' ,'''I've always loved sci-fi and fantasy.''' ,'''Well, I moved around quite a lot so I was born in Yorkshire and then I moved to Blackpool, which is like North England.''' ,'''At 13 I taught myself piano from an old song book, and Joni Mitchell's 'Both Sides Now' was the first song I learned.''' ,'''You can't have a nuanced debate on Twitter, it's just people shouting.''' ,'''We have to listen and learn from each other to lift each other up, so we can all live the life we deserve.''' ,'''I love being alone.''' ,'''If you're making something tangible, whether it's clothing, a song, a piece of art... when you create something that's outside of yourself you take a bit of the pain and it's released, you let it out a little bit. That's my Oprah Winfrey moment.''' ,'''I want to feel sexy with the body I have.''' ,'''I was never diagnosed with an eating disorder but I definitely had a difficult relationship with food.''' ,'''My mum's super Labour, and my gran. We all love Jeremy Corbyn in the family. Those are very deep roots and I feel like I could never not vote for Labour. Or I could never vote for the Tories because of that.''' ,'''Let's let our men be happy, be sad, be trans, be questioning, be bisexual, be non-conforming, be feminine, be masculine!''' ,'''Normal is not a thing. No one's actually normal.''' ,'''There was just this stage where I realised that people were listening to what I was saying and I could actually say something I believe in and, like... why wasn't I doing that? It's not because I think I have a responsibility as a pop star or whatever; it's because I think I have a responsibility as a human being.''' ,'''I am obsessed with Matt Healy.''' ,'''I'm not saying that being straight is easy, but when you're gay, you don't really have a familial network or support system. You have to find that.''' ,'''I just feel lucky to be able to do stuff I enjoy.''' ,'''I genuinely do want the world to change in a positive way, but I wouldn't call myself an activist, you know? I'm an entertainer who engages with activism because it feels really meaningful for me.''' ,'''Personally, I've always been ashamed of my body and I've hated being so skinny - I had an eating disorder for so long.''' ,'''Now, to be a mainstream act, you have to be firing on all cylinders on so many different platforms. You've got to have a social media voice. You've got to do promo on TV. You've got to tour everywhere.''' ,'''I was a fan of Belle and Sebastian. I didn't really know a lot of their music - I only knew the kind of bigger songs because I had a friend, when I was younger, who was really into them. But I have always really respected Belle and Sebastian for what they are, what they do. Yeah, they're just great.''' ,'''When I was a bit younger, I loved Rufus Wainwright - just the fact that he existed.''' ,'''When I go on stage and perform, I'm an extreme version of myself.''' ,'''We could perform in space or be the first band to play moon, but we want to be the first 'Star Wars' band.''' ,'''Everyone has a different definition of what they find sexy, so why do we so often get given one version of what sexy is time and time again?''' ,'''It's just a very weird thing to have a relationship that's commented on by the world wide web.''' ,'''I'm the person I am because of all the support we have but inside there is still a scared, gay kid, worried he's going to get bullied and people aren't going to like what I do.''' ,'''The first artist I really loved was Stevie Wonder. That opened the doors to other soul singers like Ray Charles and Aretha Franklin.''' ,'''So many queer people come out constantly for the rest of their lives, ya know? To the people they work with, to people in taxi cabs. Whatever it is, it isn't the one day.''' ,'''We used to have quirky weird bands that made dance music like the Pet Shop Boys and Depeche Mode and I think people have still got an appetite for that type of music-melody and darkness.''' ,'''I'm a big believer that if you want things to change you have to embody that change.''' ,'''Felt really low as a teenager and hearing music from artists that could express their pain in a way that is beautiful and made me feel better about the way I felt and I think that is something that anyone can relate to.''' ,]
+++