+++
author = "Betsy Hodges"
title = "Betsy Hodges Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 Betsy Hodges Quotes"
keywords = "betsy hodges,betsy hodges quotes,betsy hodges quote,betsy hodges sayings,betsy hodges saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I find that if I don't have enough physical activity in life, I don't do as well with anything else in my life. It's stress relief; it's good health. It's fun. It's alone time, for the most part.''' ,'''I pray and meditate first thing in the morning.''' ,'''We must shout out from the rooftops that Minneapolis is the best place on Earth.''' ,'''In Minneapolis, we believe in connection, not alienation. We believe in compassion, not indifference. We believe in love, but we are not timid.''' ,'''Rightly or wrongly, as a woman in politics, you're being judged for what you're wearing, and people are paying attention to that more than they do with men.''' ,'''True public safety requires a collaboration between law enforcement and the community.''' ,'''Transit builds a city that people choose to live in.''' ,'''I am very aware that I married up, and I'm lucky for it every day.''' ,'''Everybody is happier living in a mixed-income neighborhood.''' ,'''Donald Trump has his Twitter account, but so do I, and so do millions and millions of Americans. So the way that we can organize around that is different than what we had in the past, and we can use that tool for good, not just for evil.''' ,'''We can only have true public safety with public trust.''' ,'''The world has a truly historic pope in Francis.''' ,'''Since I'm a Minnesotan, that bragging thing is a little hard.''' ,'''My first and foremost consideration is the safety of the people of the city of Minneapolis. And my first and foremost consideration is making sure that people can also express their constitutional rights peaceably.''' ,'''As mayor, I'm charged with a big-picture agenda.''' ,'''Being deliberate in decisionmaking isn't always flashy, but it does get results.''' ,'''If Donald Trump wants to harm cities and the people who call them home, he'll have to come through me.''' ,'''We stand with our Muslim community as President Trump singles them out for attack and unfairly-targeted policy.''' ,'''Prince was unapologetically different, and he made it okay for his fans to be different and to celebrate their individuality. His social conscience challenged us to look deeper than the skin color of our neighbors.''' ,'''I have people I talk to on a regular basis about what's going on in my life, what am I struggling with, and where my faith is at.''' ,'''What does it mean to have a mayor who has an organizing background? It means I have allies and partners on whom I can call for advice - and that are also holding my feet to the fire already.''' ,'''I'm a little obsessed with lip balm. When I go to a new place, I'll find the locally made natural lip balms and buy them as my little memento.''' ,'''People work hard for their money, and they expect services for the dollars they put into the city.''' ,'''If we're going to make a city everybody can live in for a lifetime, we need to make sure we are building and growing for everybody.''' ,'''Politics is challenging for everyone's integrity... I have to wake up with myself every morning, and I have to be OK with the person I wake up with. If I string together too many days of waking up with a person I'm not happy to be, I have a lot bigger things at stake in my life than an election or a job.''' ,'''I will never, ever forget the electricity I felt the first time I listened to the 'Purple Rain' soundtrack - and many times since.''' ,'''I don't have cable. I don't have a DVR.''' ,'''Too often when we talk about racial or economic justice, we white people do not see ourselves in the picture. We feel like it's all well and good for other people to do better, but not at our expense, and it won't benefit us.''' ,'''How we live our lives in the Western world has impacts on the rest of the world.''' ,'''Philosophically, I don't believe in public funding for private sports.''' ,'''What I like to do is have an opportunity to talk with people in neighborhoods and answer their questions one-on-one. I think it's one of the places I have greatest strength.''' ,'''I actually don't believe in governance by referendum. I believe that we have a democracy, that we elect people to make decisions.''' ,'''Part of what makes Minneapolis such a vibrant place to live and work is that we have active residents of all ages.''' ,'''I think our cities' deteriorating infrastructure is a silent crisis.''' ,'''Together we are bigger than the sum of our parts.''' ,'''As we are pursuing economic growth and economic development, we have to make sure it happens with and by and for everyone. That everyone gets opportunity.''' ,'''I have the greatest respect for Chief Harteau. I was a very firm supporter of hers when her nomination was brought forward, and I think that her goals and values are in line with mine when it comes to the Police Department.''' ,'''We need to be able to live in the city without a car; we need to be able to get around. The transit system has to be strong and work for everyone.''' ,'''Professional people build relationships by doing the work together.''' ,'''When Donald Trump comes after any part of our community, he'll find 419,000 Minneapolitans and me standing squarely in his way. That's the kind of wall I can support.''' ,'''For the residents of Minneapolis, the loss of Prince is too large to describe. His music brought untold joy to people all over the world. But in Minneapolis, it is different. It is harder here.''' ,'''There are some folks at the teacher's union who aren't big fans of mine, in part, because I have been open and want to make sure everybody is sitting at the table as we talk about education.''' ,'''My mother's first career was physical therapy, her second was writer, and her third career was president of an organic fertilizer company. And she's driven a tank.''' ,'''What's not fascinating about 'Wonder Woman?' She's powerful. She's strong. She gets her strength from other women. She kicks butt in the world. You know, she's bulletproof, which is appealing. But she also has the Lasso of Truth. That's the thing I would want most, that Lasso of Truth. Because in politics, it would be very handy.''' ,'''When people are thriving, the city is thriving.''' ,'''I know there are those in the community who, rather than have us invest more in policing, even for community policing, instead want us to disinvest in the police department. We need a police department. We are going to have a police department.''' ,'''Every marathon starts with that first mile. But somewhere around mile 16 or 18 - trust me on this - your feet are killing you, you're not sure you can breathe anymore, your mind is frazzled, your body wracked with pain, and all you want to do is stop.''' ,'''Done right, precision can help clarify, plus it's fun.''' ,'''I am very clear with people that I am willing and able to make tough choices, and I will do that.''' ,'''I lift weights. It's one of the reasons I get up so early.''' ,'''Prince was a child of our city, and his love of his hometown permeated many of his songs. Our pride in his accomplishments permeates our love of Minneapolis.''' ,'''When Trump's cronies are the people attacking you, you know you've done something right.''' ,'''As mayor in an executive position, I have to dress more like an executive, which has been delightful.''' ,'''Human-induced climate change is a scientific reality, and its effective control is a moral imperative for humanity.''' ,'''I'm a Democrat.''' ,'''When we are all together, we will have a future that is far greater than whatever we could do separate from one another.''' ,'''I journal at the end of every day and just keep track of how things are going.''' ,'''A tailor is a person's best friend as far as I'm concerned, because you can take things that fit OK or look OK, and if you get them tailored, they can be fabulous.''' ,'''The nexus of Donald Trump's hateful behaviors and policies around Muslim people and immigrants comes together right here in Minneapolis. I knew immediately that the people I represent were going to be very, very scared and very, very worried for their safety.''' ,'''I thank the officers of the Minneapolis Police Department, who work hard every day to help people in their most vulnerable moments, keep our communities safe, and build relationships and trust with the public.''' ,'''Donald Trump is out to destroy people's lives, and he's trying to take our democracy down. That is something we can fight with everything we've got, but having compassion for one another while we do it is going to get us a lot further.''' ,'''Physical development fosters learning.''' ,'''For me, governing starts with people. It doesn't start with bureaucracy. It doesn't start with policy. It starts with people and what people need to thrive.''' ,]
+++