+++
author = "Jessica Pare"
title = "Jessica Pare Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Jessica Pare Quotes"
keywords = "jessica pare,jessica pare quotes,jessica pare quote,jessica pare sayings,jessica pare saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't know if you know this - I don't drive a stick. I mean, I barely drive my automatic. I get to work and everything, but I'm not any kind of driving prodigy.''' ,'''I would like to explore comedy more. It's not something that I've done a lot of. Obviously, I'm very at home in drama. I like everything.''' ,'''I was a drama-class nerd. I did whatever school production we put on.''' ,'''My natural gravitation is toward the gray and the black and the white and the burgundy. Sort of muted, cool colors.''' ,'''And, of course, all of my friends and family are so excited because they feel like Montreal is being represented on Mad Men.''' ,'''I'm thinking of putting together an all-star band. I definitely have a bit of a rock fantasy.''' ,'''Working on 'Mad Men,' everything is word for word. And, honestly, I couldn't come up with anything better than that, so it's fine.''' ,'''I think I approach my choices much the way I approach the way I consume movies and TV and stuff. I like everything, and sometimes I'll feel like a horror movie, and sometimes I'll just feel like an episode of 'Hoarders.'''' ,'''In the work that I normally do, you have a whole script, a whole arc, that you play. And I do believe a good actor will play every bit of information they're given.''' ,''''Mad Men' has been my big break. I'm beyond thrilled.''' ,'''I'm not an '80s fan. I'm more '70s New York pre-punk kind of thing, and I guess I grew up with '90s grunge, post-punk pop music.''' ,'''I love Jon Hamm. I'm so lucky to get to work with him and work so closely with him.''' ,'''My parents made me finish high school before I started acting, and I did, like, two weeks of fine arts college before I was like, 'This sucks. I'm going!' I got a few small jobs, and then I booked a big-for-Canada feature.''' ,'''Honey is hydrating and antiseptic. It really clears your skin, and it's moisturizing. You can use it every day if you want. It's so gentle.''' ,'''I have an enormous family because I'm from Montreal and my family's Catholic, so my dad has eight siblings and they all have kids and we all grew up in the same property on weekends and summers.''' ,'''I used to listen to the soundtrack for the movie 'Tank Girl' all the time. It was really good.''' ,'''I think I've always been ambitious. It just looks different on me. You know, I have friends who are actresses who go to every party they possibly can to be photographed and really try to make every connection they can, and I admire that and sometimes I wish I had a little bit more of that. Sometimes I feel like I don't have enough ambition.''' ,'''I can cry all day long - that's easy for me.''' ,'''I drive past the Mad Men billboard every day and I can't believe I'm on that show.''' ,'''I like to sing around the bonfire, in my car and in the shower.''' ,'''At the time I just was like, I can't believe I am on the show, and the first thing I have to do is an entire song and dance routine for the whole cast of 'Mad Men.'''' ,'''Believe me, when I finish shooting 'Mad Men,' there's a huge chunk of time where I have a really hard time leaving my house without fake lashes on. Which is a complex because I'm not very good at applying fake lashes.''' ,'''My own beauty routine is influenced pretty heavily from my 'Mad Men' routine. If I'm in the series of work, it's hard to see myself without eyelashes every day.''' ,'''One of my most exciting Saturday nights was just me and a bottle of wine and a crochet book.''' ,'''I know that I'm a decent actor, but it's another thing to be in a scene with Jon Hamm and hold your own.''' ,'''I do feel like the end of 'Mad Men' is a sort of a coming of age.''' ,'''I'm a huge Marlene Dietrich fan. She's got this raunchy kind of strength. It would be hard to find a man who could come up with something hard for her to handle. She's seen it all and done it all.''' ,'''I'm not a trained dancer - I know, I know, you're shocked, I'm sure.''' ,'''Acting is what I chose to do. It's what I feel I need to do.''' ,'''I do get scared of the dentist, so a drive-through dentist might make me feel more at home. If I got to stay in my car.''' ,'''I didn't want to have braces when I was a kid and I'm pretty sure my dad didn't want to pay for them.''' ,'''An actor will use every piece of information at their disposal, or a good actor will.''' ,'''I went through a whole phase when I was younger of being obsessed with Tolstoy and Kafka and Camus, all those really, beautiful, dark depressing books.''' ,'''I did play Jesus in 'Godspell,' in high school, because I guess I'm a nerd.''' ,'''I played a bass player and a singer in a movie once, but I totally lip-synced to everything.''' ,]
+++