+++
author = "Fivio Foreign"
title = "Fivio Foreign Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Fivio Foreign Quotes"
keywords = "fivio foreign,fivio foreign quotes,fivio foreign quote,fivio foreign sayings,fivio foreign saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wouldn't say I was the best kid but I always had a good heart.''' ,'''I'm an introvert.''' ,'''One album, one and done, I'm outta here. I ain't tryna be rappin' for mad long.''' ,'''I feel like if you do one album, you don't give people the chance to judge you twice. If they judge you once and that legacy goes on, you'll go viral.''' ,'''I'm influenced by like, 50 Cent and Chief Keef 'cause they were rapping about the same things I was living.''' ,'''I really wanted, when I was a little, little kid, I wanted to collect rocks. I don't know why. I didn't know nothin' about them. I just liked to pick them up and keep em.''' ,'''Even when I be telling people like I'm only dropping one album, they be like, 'Nah, bro, you gotta keep going.'''' ,'''I wanna say to anybody that's trying to come up and go viral, push forward. Don't stop. Don't wait for nobody. Do it yourself. Ask for help, but don't wait for help.''' ,'''I need Grammys.''' ,'''I believe in astrology. I really go off of energy.''' ,'''Viral don't mean I'm outside wilding. I can go viral in the club or in the studio.''' ,'''I can't say, 'Damn, I want to sing like Beyonce.' All I can do is sing like Fivio Foreign and pray to God that's good enough.''' ,'''Even though I'm laughing all the time, I'm watching all the time. I was observant and I got to learn people easy like that. So, I learn people good.''' ,'''Whatever happens, happens because I'm trying to dot every 'I' and cross every 'T.'''' ,'''I have different goals. I want to sign artists. I want to open up businesses.''' ,'''Whatever I start living like and whatever I start going through in my life, that's how I'm gonna be sounding. It might sound a little different if I get more comfortable.''' ,'''I want my music in movies.''' ,'''I am intelligent, little do y'all know.''' ,'''I always gotta be doing something.''' ,'''I don't even feel like a rapper.''' ,'''Me being a rapper takes up too much of my time. I can't really do the things I need to do, but I need the money.''' ,'''Drake is a man of the art, so he appreciates the new sounds and new music. He's always in tune with the music and the story behind it.''' ,]
+++