+++
author = "Skip Bayless"
title = "Skip Bayless Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Skip Bayless Quotes"
keywords = "skip bayless,skip bayless quotes,skip bayless quote,skip bayless sayings,skip bayless saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like to take on athletes who have issues with me.''' ,'''I'm overemotional.''' ,'''The 'White Establishment' never liked me. I have worked for 'White Establishment' newspapers and television networks.''' ,'''I say what I say because I believe it from the bottom of my soul and I can back it up.''' ,'''You see far more swings and misses on can't-miss football recruits than basketball blue chips.''' ,'''No doubt Mayweather is the greatest defensive fighter ever.''' ,'''Image and privacy are still everything to Jordan, who has rarely if ever let the outside world see or hear the real Michael.''' ,'''Parcells is one of the all-time great commanders and motivators.''' ,'''Understand, I'm in awe of Tom Brady. He grows on me by the game.''' ,'''I watch games a little differently, maybe, than other people do, because I'm constantly asking myself why did that happen, what's really going on here?''' ,'''Tear away fantasy football's fraternal facade and you discover it's built on megalomaniacal anarchy. Its subliminal message: Forget the team you've always rooted for. You be the owner and the GM. You pick and control the players. You be the star, Joe (and Jill) Nobody.''' ,'''Ochocinco had a rare instinct for making himself an almost daily story.''' ,'''No player in NBA history has driven me crazier, night after night after NIGHT, than the Thunder storm that can be Russell Westbrook, No. 0.''' ,'''You will find no bigger media fan of Manziel's than I am.''' ,'''Interviewing Michael Jordan is like playing him one on one. If he respects you and especially your media platform and he's amused by your college try, he'll let you get off a shot or two. Then he'll go behind his back, give you a head fake and leave you wondering exactly what he meant by this and that.''' ,'''I'm LeBron's 'No. 1 Critic' and his 'Biggest Hater.' I feel a little like Shailene Woodley's character in 'Divergent.' The government is going to eliminate me because I don't fit in.''' ,'''I like fast cars, and I always have.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like the easiest target in sports.''' ,'''Give me great players making great plays under the world's greatest pressure. Give me red white and blue real football.''' ,'''I remain unashamed to publicly declare my lifelong love of watching football. I have watched thousands upon thousands of games simply because I cared solely about which team won.''' ,'''I knew nothing about nutrition until 1982. I had a big turnaround that year and never looked back.''' ,'''I didn't have a curfew and always slept at friends' houses, but on Sundays, Mom dragged me to church. It was the best thing she did for me. I was moved just to be there and to feel God had a plan for me.''' ,'''I obviously can't read, watch and listen to everything. But of the media members I follow, all are pro-LeBron - most of them passionately so - and most are extremely slow to criticize him and quick to give him a pass.''' ,'''I certainly could be wrong, but I don't believe God decides athletic competitions.''' ,'''The No. 1 thing you should know about me: I've always tried to put God first in my life, and I'm the first to admit I often have failed because I'm too proud and too stubborn.''' ,'''Punters must catch bullet snaps that sometimes bounce or test their verticals. Then they must aim away from dangerous returners or pierce the wind with low spirals or drop punts into 'coffin corners' or stick them nose-first like majestic 2-irons near the goal line.''' ,'''I'm perfectly fine with Pacquiao the Christian wanting to separate Mayweather from his senses.''' ,'''I loved my 12 years at ESPN. And I loved working with Stephen A. - and trust me, it's hard to even talk about it, because I miss him. But the truth was, I never quite fit on a Disney-owned network.''' ,'''I haven't watched one second of 'First Take' since I walked off that set.''' ,'''The God's truth: I never much cared for Tebow when he played at Florida.''' ,'''For years I wrote newspaper columns mostly about the teams in my city. There was no cheering in the press box, and I fought to remain objective.''' ,'''I'm over-passionate and in general people think I'm way too intense and way, way, way too hardheaded.''' ,'''You know what, Tom Brady is unlike any quarterback I have ever followed or covered. He is shattering every mold of how a franchise quarterback should be on and off the field. He's just different.''' ,'''Chris Paul, president of the NBA Players Association, can lead an entire league but can't lead his team when it really counts.''' ,'''Too many people in charge at ESPN, for my taste, were a little too fearful. It's a Disney network. There are just certain boundaries that you can't even tiptoe along.''' ,'''In the '80s, I did two hours of cardio every day, split between running and the stationary bike. It was a trap - afterward I'd feel starving but also bulletproof, so I'd pig out. I slid into what I call exercise bulimia, when you're running more and more miles so you can eat worse and worse food.''' ,'''Durant has developed a LeBron Complex, sounding like he wants to be his best buddy LeBron as well as beat him.''' ,'''I can speak only as a white guy.''' ,'''I find that people love to hate me, and a lot of people love to love me.''' ,'''Field goal kicking is wildly exciting for all the wrong reasons. We regularly interrupt games to go for a ride on the equivalent of Disney's stomach-in-throat Tower of Terror.''' ,'''Ever the coach's dream, Tebow embraced the role of punt protector.''' ,'''By nature, I am quiet off the air.''' ,'''I wouldn't want to debate me every day.''' ,'''Why did John Elway not come back for a shot at a third Super Bowl? He just had had enough.''' ,'''For 30 years I wrote for newspapers and magazines, wrote books on the Dallas Cowboys' dynasties of the '70s and '90s, wrote about Michael Jordan in Chicago and Barry Bonds in the Bay Area, even wrote columns for ESPN.com from 2004 to 2006.''' ,'''Advertisers rip out one another's conscience to control the spending impulses of males ages 18 to 34, who now have the cyber world at their fingertips. They want more.''' ,'''My career is my life and my passion. It's not a job, it's my life.''' ,'''The 3 brought some art back into the science of winning NBA titles.''' ,'''When I was a little kid going to Methodist church, I actually envisioned one day that I would become a minister but I never pursed that.''' ,'''The Hunger Games' is for eighth-grade girls! Winners read 'The Art of War!'''' ,'''If you know me at all, I'm stubbornly proud to a fault.''' ,'''My colleagues think I'm crazy but my motto is, never miss a day. If we're taping in L.A., I'll get up at 2 a.m. to go run. If I'm on the road and the hotel doesn't have a gym, I'll find a 24-hour gym. I don't know how to exist without my workouts.''' ,'''I grew up a Cowboys fan, attending my first game in 1960, the first year of their existence.''' ,'''When the NBA first resorted to it in 1979, I must admit I thought it was a circus rule, the equivalent of asking players to be shot out of cannons or swallow swords, something borrowed from the stepchild ABA with its red, white and blue basketballs. A 3-point line? The beautiful game of basketball didn't need a clown shot.''' ,'''Trust me, you cannot love football any more than I do.''' ,'''I consider myself a reasonably intelligent guy. Made straight A's in high school (except for driver's ed and typing).''' ,'''Ice, to me, is a magical healer. At night, watching 'Ray Donovan,' I'll put bags of ice on my shoulders, knees, and back. It's a miracle cure.''' ,'''Politics can cloud objectivity.''' ,'''I admit I get psycho-competitive.''' ,'''Punting is an underrated art because of the strategy, skill and athleticism involved.''' ,'''Great is great no matter the age.''' ,'''I believe in God, but I also believe in jinxes.''' ,'''Mayweather has boxing genius. But it takes one to know one, and he knew right away Pacquiao also has rare boxing IQ - an equalizing gift for setting up and taking down an opponent.''' ,'''For my meal replacements, I eat way too many Quest bars. I think you should eat every three hours. I usually wake up once a night, and if I do wake up, I always eat a Quest bar to feed my machine.''' ,'''I want to win every debate and I think I do.''' ,'''Inch for inch, the 6-foot-3 Westbrook is the NBA's most sensationally talented player, a relentlessly explosive basket-attacker with a deadly pull-up jumper - a top-10 NBA player by any big-picture statistical measure from Player Efficiency Rating to Win Shares.''' ,'''My mom was real loud and that made me speak only when spoken to. But even as a child, if you challenged me, you would get both barrels.''' ,'''I'm not a shock jock. I never ambush anybody. I just speak my mind and my heart and my soul.''' ,'''I merely dared to say Tebow could be a successful starting quarterback in the National Football League - not a Pro Bowler, mind you, just a guy who could win games his way. Which prompted relentless attacks from anti-Tebow analysts and journalists.''' ,'''I'm a communist, man. I'm going to break the rules.''' ,'''Obviously, I'm not not black. But this is one thing I do know after years and years of working with a lot of black players and black commentators on many networks: That if you go to the place of you're telling a black man, or a black woman, that 'You should know your place and stay in it,' when you get to there, them's fighting words.''' ,'''The great ones are about winning and winning only.''' ,'''No doubt boxing's brutal beauty lies in the eye of the rooting beholder.''' ,'''Though I graduated from Vanderbilt, I was born into a family of crazed University of Oklahoma football fans and became one.''' ,'''Obviously, college stars deserve substantial compensation, right?''' ,'''My father was just an evil man.''' ,'''I do not hate Andrew Luck.''' ,'''For me, watching football played in the snow is abominable, as in snowman.''' ,'''If the NFL can keep getting away with forcing players to wait three years out of high school before they're drafted - three! - the NCAA should be made to do away with its rules against paying players beyond room, board and tuition. I'm not talking about some token, $2,000-a-year 'spending money' stipend for every player.''' ,'''For 10 years while I was at ESPN, I lived at the Residence Inn in Southington, Connecticut, near Bristol. I did that because my wife had a great job in New York City, and we had a place in New York City, at 54th and 8th. On Friday, I would come back, and then on Sunday evening I would go back to the Residence Inn.''' ,'''I've worked with some people and they turn, they become that image on TV and they're lost in it, lost in who they are. It scares me. I want to stay me, preserve my soul.''' ,'''Live television is the hottest medium. My passion for sports debate runs hot enough without a camera transporting it into your living room with 10 times more impact.''' ,'''Live TV is physically grueling. I'm concentrating very hard to recall numbers, dates and events to bolster my argument and win a debate. Every eight to 10 minutes, a new sport or topic is thrown at me.''' ,'''Just my two cents: Even as a Christian, I love boxing because it's the ultimate stand-alone test of a competitor's skill and will. Just two opponents, lightly gloved, and a referee ready to jump in and stop it the moment he believes one opponent can no longer defend himself.''' ,'''The Cowboys fan in me is getting increasingly sick and tired of watching Jerry Jones enable his team to lose without fear.''' ,'''I have too many psycho superstitions.''' ,'''I do an hour of cardio every day without fail, and I lift on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.''' ,'''At the risk of damaging the 'First Take' ratings, the God's truth is I do not hate LeBron James. I actually like the man, who seems as close to being a role model as any superstar can be. He seems to be a good father and husband with a sharing, caring heart.''' ,'''I boil down people to 'good heart' or 'bad heart' - meaning they're basically good or basically not.''' ,'''I closely follow football (and basketball and baseball) for the right reasons, not the alarmingly irrelevant ones.''' ,'''I raced a lot when I was in high school, street raced.''' ,'''I've long been offended by not-so-godly pro football players I've known who showed up for pregame chapel - Sunday-only Christians rubbing the proverbial rabbit's foot - then after victories declared it was 'God's will' that their team won.''' ,'''I believe I can outrun most everyone.''' ,'''I am not, and never have been, a member of the 'White Establishment.'''' ,'''When you watch Chris Paul on the playoff stage, you often sense he is fighting two battles, one against his nature and one against his opponent.''' ,'''Once upon a time, kickers actually were players. Lou 'The Toe' Groza started at left tackle and played some defensive line while turning into the first straight-on place-kicking star, for the Cleveland Browns. Quarterback George Blanda led the NFL in completions once and the AFL three times while kicking field goals and extra points.''' ,'''I never listen to music when I run.''' ,'''I have never, ever, as God is my witness, contrived a single debate in a single show.''' ,'''When Durant was in college, I predicted on 'First Take' he would lead the NBA in scoring and began calling him my favorite player.''' ,'''During games, I love a Twitter-rocking dunk as much as the next NBA nut. But now, I'd slightly rather see a crowd-detonating (or crowd-silencing) 3-pointer, either off four or five whip-whip passes or (even better) off a steal and a one-on-two pull-up on a solo fast break. No shot in basketball can be more psychologically devastating.''' ,]
+++