+++
author = "Rahul Roy"
title = "Rahul Roy Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Rahul Roy Quotes"
keywords = "rahul roy,rahul roy quotes,rahul roy quote,rahul roy sayings,rahul roy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I remember Yash Chopra ji had called me for a narration. I was preoccupied with other films and couldn't take up the offer as many of the projects I had signed on were already on floors and filmmakers were fighting for my dates. Well, the film was 'Darr,' which later went to Shah Rukh Khan and shaped his career.''' ,'''The good part about 'Aashiqui 2' is even before the shooting of film begins, it has garnered lot of attention. If it has a good story and music, it will do well.''' ,'''I am saying it myself that 'Aashiqui' should not end with me. I don't hold the rights of the film.''' ,'''The way Narendra Modi ji and Amit Shah ji have been taking the country forward and the way the perspective of the world towards India has changed in the past two years is remarkable.''' ,'''You need to walk the line of what you preach. I have learnt that over the years.''' ,'''Its true that I never ever got a chance to shoot in Jaipur, despite it being one of the most sought-after locations in our country.''' ,'''Of course, I am happy that 'Aashiqui 2' is being made. It's a bold move by Vishesh Films to make 'Aashiqui 2.'''' ,'''My thing is whether my film is small, I am still playing the protagonist.''' ,'''Not that I was not getting offers, the big banners might not come but there was still an influx of offers but you know, my growth as an actor was stagnant. I did not want to do the same thing.''' ,'''If there is a woman filmmaker or a woman artist, the issue of gender is floating very close to their work... It almost naturally comes into their work. If one looks at all the male artists, the issue is never there.''' ,'''I don't seek approval from anyone else.''' ,'''Being an actor, it is very difficult... I applaud those that can... but it is very difficult to do cinema as well as fulfill family responsibilities.''' ,''''The Message' is one of my most ambitious projects in terms of content and story.''' ,'''I have done films because I believed in them.''' ,'''I haven't been able to keep in touch with Anu Aggarwal. But Deepak Tijori was with me in 'Bigg Boss.' Very honestly, we all are busy.''' ,'''Don't be afraid to call me a failed actor.''' ,'''I will continue doing films till my last breathe and will regain my respectability in the industry.''' ,'''I don't think one can recreate the magic of old films.''' ,'''I thrive on being the underdog.''' ,'''I was in Australia for nine years. I decided to come back in 2015 to set up some interesting projects in my own country.''' ,'''If I am a part of a huge setup where my role is blink and miss why would I do that?''' ,'''I don't look back at my career.''' ,'''When 'Aashiqui' was released nobody knew that it will be such a good film... it is a cult film.''' ,'''My relationships have always been very serious.''' ,'''All the eight songs of 'Aashiqui' were chartbusters.''' ,'''I didn't struggle initially. But after my hit Aashiqui, I didn't get any film offers for 8 months. That made me insecure.''' ,'''For me, I always had producers come to me with films, even if it was not like the Khans, but whatever I have got I have tried to give my best to it.''' ,'''When people claim that they know the formula or the pulse of the public... it's rubbish, the truth is that no one knows.''' ,'''I was born with 'Aashiqui.' I am reborn on my birthday with 'Cabaret.'''' ,'''The music of 'Aashiqui' by Nadeem-Shravan was unbeatable.''' ,'''I don't hold grudges or bitterness about the past.''' ,'''I was never desperate to make a comeback. But winning 'Bigg Boss' assured faith in me that I have a good reputation in the market.''' ,'''I have always had tremendous amount of patience, compassion and forgiveness.''' ,'''There was no point of doing films which could not add to my career growth.''' ,'''I have never hidden any facts about me, and will shout out my wedding plans off rooftops when it happens.''' ,'''I wanted to have a peaceful married life with my wife, so we both moved to Sydney in Australia.''' ,'''Mark my words, 'Aashiqui' will be a tough act to follow. It will be very difficult to recreate that magic.''' ,''''Aashiqui' is not my baby. It is Bhatt saab's story. I will always be remembered for the film, and nobody can take that away from me.''' ,'''I have always been a recluse, but 'Bigg Boss' was one place I could share with the country the person I am.''' ,'''When I started my spiritual journey, I realized I had to cut away from all attachment.''' ,'''Of course, there are days when you remember that what if I had continued irrespective of hits or flops, maybe I would have been in different place. I agree and accept that, but there is no need to regret because the 8-9 years I was away from cinema has also given me depth and changed me as a person.''' ,'''Mahesh Bhatt introduced me to the world of films.''' ,'''I have no hang-ups about appearing in the nude.''' ,'''I've never hidden anything in my life.''' ,'''During the late 1980s, I was in Delhi finishing my college and modeling. After reading an article that my mother wrote for a fashion glossy, Mahesh Bhatt sahab expressed the desire meet her. That's when he saw my pictures and asked whether I would want to work in Hindi films.''' ,'''It's not only 'Aashiqui.' In the case of any cult film which has a sequel or a remake, it is very difficult for the new one to live up to expectations because nostalgia is very difficult to beat.''' ,'''When I met Sadhana, I thought it was perfect. Apart from the fact that she's a stunning woman, the reason why I love Sadhana is also because the kind of human being she is.''' ,'''My journey was not hard because I have seen stardom and the downfall very closely in my career.''' ,'''Whether it is a privilege or whether it is a curse, I came into the industry not because I was seeking to be a star or an actor.''' ,'''I have always enjoyed my stint in the industry and feel there is so much more that I would like to do.''' ,'''I met a wonderful girl and decided to get married. And when I married, being an actor I did not think I could balance both cinema and personal life. Very difficult to do that because the cinema takes a lot out of you.''' ,'''I realized you cannot stay away from Mumbai and pursue your dreams.''' ,'''It's never easy getting over a broken relationship.''' ,'''I managed to find this awesome woman - Rajlakshmi, chased her for two years and finally got married.''' ,'''I'm keen to go back to Hindi films, both as an actor and even better, as a director.''' ,'''We have to learn to listen to our conscience and not what we desire.''' ,'''It's sad when marriages don't work out but having no children made separating easier.''' ,''''Aashiqui' became a cult hit film. It was my first film which gave me not just recognition but stardom too, so I will always remain partial to it.''' ,'''I still say, 'Aashiqui 2' should be able to stand on its own. But it won't match the craze of the original.''' ,'''I had a lot of girlfriends but when you cross the threshold of 30, I wanted to settle down.''' ,'''I am one of the very few lucky actors whose films is being remade in his lifetime.''' ,'''I have done six films with the Bhatt camp and I know that they are good at marketing, packaging the film and they are very good with music, a track record that they have proven since 25 years.''' ,]
+++