+++
author = "Jalen Rose"
title = "Jalen Rose Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jalen Rose Quotes"
keywords = "jalen rose,jalen rose quotes,jalen rose quote,jalen rose sayings,jalen rose saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to be a guy who helps the team a lot of different ways.''' ,'''I was a member of the Fab Five at the University of Michigan, but I was also on the Dean's List there. I took pride in my education.''' ,'''What you see at a bachelor or bachelorette party is what happens on a recruiting visit.''' ,'''I consider Tom Gores a friend.''' ,'''Eminem is one of the greatest rappers of all time.''' ,'''Russell Westbrook, giving $1 million to UCLA, it's noble. It's recognizable. It's something that's going to create a legacy for his name for years to come. It's philanthropic work.''' ,'''My father, Jimmy Walker, was the first pick in the 1967 draft, but I never met him. He passed in 2007. I found out about him in middle school. I was old enough to understand who he was, where he went to college, and what his game was about. Older players like Bill Russell and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar have come up to me to talk about him.''' ,'''I've always gotten a kick out of leading my team in assists.''' ,'''I know Reggie Jackson is a good player.''' ,'''But the best revenge for naysayers is living well. And living well is doing your job and taking care of your family.''' ,'''I hate tenure. Tenure allows teachers to put their feet up on the desk and possibly have a job forever. That's why I got turned on to charter schools. It's a business model. Every employee and every teacher will be monitored by performance.''' ,'''I'll tell you what: the most hostile and angry trash talker ever is Gary Payton.''' ,'''The star power is who is playing at an All-Star level, a top 12 level, and that's Jimmy Butler. He's become one of the best players in the league, a terrific two-way player.''' ,'''I hated Duke, and I hated everything Duke stood for. Schools like Duke didn't recruit players like me.''' ,'''Maya Moore is one of the greatest champions in basketball, male or female.''' ,'''Everyone wants to be successful. What I've learned is how do you determine what that is?''' ,'''It's my job, it's my role, it's my mission, it's my dream to have everyone who has Michigan ties - whether you went to college in Michigan, whether you grew up in Michigan, if you've ever heard of the state of Michigan - to do what you can to influence the students of the Detroit metropolitan area.''' ,'''I left my mark in the college game, and I'm definitely happy about that.''' ,'''Sports happen in dog years.''' ,'''Basketball is not like football: It's not a car accident happening every play. Over the nine months, you can rest in practice and take off some minutes in games.''' ,'''I've always been a big-time Scottie Pippen fan. That was my guy growing up!''' ,'''We live in a country that has profited for hundreds of years off the labor of individuals without having to pay for it.''' ,'''There are times families don't see eye to eye.''' ,'''When you're educated, it allows you to be more worldly. It's more than just what happens in a classroom.''' ,'''I just really felt I had to help the community I came from. I know how hard it is to make it out of here.''' ,'''Michigan is a proud university.''' ,'''Doug Collins - people just underestimate him.''' ,'''When the things in front of you in life reveal how messed up the system is, you lose faith in the system pretty quickly. You develop a contrarian attitude. Your instinct is to disagree with the status quo and then, if you can, to try and shake it up.''' ,'''The greatest set shooter ever? Larry Joe Bird. Period. The best coming off screen? Reginald Miller. And the best off the dribble? Steph Curry.''' ,'''It's important for African-Americans to express themselves, period. We're 400 years behind. We should be able to shine whenever and however we feel.''' ,'''Stan Van Gundy is a top-five coach.''' ,'''Let's face it: if you're an elite basketball player and you choose to be socially and politically active, it could harm your brand.''' ,'''Ask any athlete. One of his dreams is to play in New York wearing a Knicks uniform. It's also always been a dream of mine.''' ,'''I grew up in one of those households where, growing up in Detroit, you gravitate towards music and cars because we were the capital for a long time. Especially during my childhood. We were the Motown sound. We were the Motor City.''' ,'''I don't hang with people I don't know. Outsiders can mess up your flow.''' ,'''If somebody says Kyrie Irving wants the Boston Celtics to win the championship without him, they're flat-out lying to you.''' ,'''The only thing that makes me feel old is when I can see your ankles and you have on pants.''' ,'''I've been really vocal about my disappointment about how the WNBA athletes get treated like second-class citizens in relations to the NBA when they're a subsidiary.''' ,'''One hero in my life that I've had from college on to now was Muhammad Ali. I studied his quotes, his style, and his strength. He was a revolutionary in every sense of the word.''' ,'''We never give Al Horford the credit he deserves as a modern big.''' ,'''All my friends and family have seen Patrick Ewing's TV at my house.''' ,'''No electricity, no hot water, no heat - at times, we struggled. We'd wake up in the morning and wash with water we heated on a hot plate. And we'd go to bed at night wearing skull caps, sweat shirts, and gloves.''' ,'''If I'm the Cavs, I seriously do this: I do a wink-wink deal with LeBron James, give him part ownership of the team. I put a statue in front of the building, and I retire his number. I do all of that.''' ,'''There's a lot of players that go to a city, pick up a check, go to practice, and just worry about what's happening in their households, and you can't blame them.''' ,'''Kobe was obsessed with the game of basketball.''' ,'''You know how certain adults feel, the older they get, the longer the walk was to school? Well, I don't feel like that.''' ,'''Jalen is a universal name, and girls also are named Jalen.''' ,'''I'm all for players extending their careers, and I'm all for trying to be as healthy as possible for the playoff run.''' ,'''Being a child of the 1970s, I remember cleaning up on the weekends. we would listen to everything from Marvin Gaye to Frankie Beverly and Maze.''' ,'''Pay attention to not only what you're saying or doing but who you're saying and doing it with.''' ,'''As a kid from Detroit, I played whatever sport was in season: football, basketball, wrestling, whatever it was. I was an active kid.''' ,'''Derrick Rose - he's had his opportunity. He's been an MVP in the league. His efficiency isn't what it used to be.''' ,'''As you get older, sometimes you lose touch with people you were friends with in high school and college. But when you've been part of a legacy together, you should still find a way to see eye to eye.''' ,'''For Donald Trump, during his candidacy, he became a polarizing candidate, which included, along the way, insulting a lot of people.''' ,'''I always prided myself on trying to break the stigma of the 'dumb jock.'''' ,'''Every time you leave your house, you've got to be prepared for what might happen.''' ,'''Players talk about wanting to win and wanting to be a champion, but ultimately, they want to do it on their own terms.''' ,'''Nobody talks about it. But everyone knows that if you signed at Michigan or UNLV, you were viewed one way. If you signed at Duke or Indiana, you were viewed another way.''' ,'''I want my media to be raw and uncut, and I want to articulate it in a spectacular, vernacular Detroit style.''' ,'''I do support college athletes and the opportunity for them to be paid a stipend.''' ,'''I feel like the eight most at-risk years for young men or young women are the four they're in high school and the four they should be in college.''' ,'''You just got to be yourself. That's what people respect more than anything.''' ,'''I've always worked hard at being a well-rounded player.''' ,'''I felt I could have been the kind of player Denver needed, but there were too many things going on with the team.''' ,'''With my tattoos, I've got my war side on my left side, being left handed, and a faith side on my right side, right with God.''' ,''''Countdown' is family television.''' ,'''Did I have a signature shoe? Have you ever heard of huaraches?''' ,'''Most of the time, before you get traded, there are rumblings. I wasn't totally surprised that I was going to get traded - I anticipated it happening. And I wasn't surprised that I got traded to the Knicks, either.''' ,'''I love hearing the gym shoes squeak.''' ,'''People don't realize this, but throughout my career, I grew up patterning my game after Scottie Pippen's. I admire him for his versatility.''' ,'''Dr. Dre is the most influential artist and producer in hip-hop history.''' ,'''My biggest concern for the Lakers - and they're going have to figure out a way to rectify this - is Lonzo Ball.''' ,'''I realize everything's on me as far as what kind of player, person, and student I'm going to be.''' ,'''A lot of times, when you see someone do something, whether it's sports or multimedia or whatever their profession is, you think it just starts when you see them; you don't realize all of the sweat equity that goes into it.''' ,'''The quality of your public education shouldn't be defined by your zip code.''' ,'''Schools should be open. If it's a public education, and the school in your district is poor-performing, you should be able to put your student or kid wherever you want.''' ,'''One of my favorite Finals was actually Detroit vs. Los Angeles, because it was home and home for me, personally. It was like my childhood home and my second home.''' ,'''I wanted to be trustworthy to the audience.''' ,'''I knew becoming an analyst would allow me to see the game from a new perspective.''' ,'''I don't want people to feel like I'm upset or bitter with C-Webb or the University of Michigan. I love them both.''' ,'''When you're paying millions of dollars for somebody to coach your team, you can find somebody good.''' ,'''There are a lot of great players that never got a chance to play for a national championship. And I got a chance to play for two.''' ,'''Blake Griffin has shown he can be an All-NBA performer.''' ,'''I'd just shoot until I got tired. I wanted to improve my outside shooting and my ball handling. I wanted to improve everything.''' ,'''I can't wait to play in front of the many Knicks fans, friends, and family in the NYC area and very much look forward to being a part of the Knicks organization.''' ,'''People are quick to pigeonhole you.''' ,'''Here's the thing: My hobby is to DJ. I just love music, so I can hear the beginning of a beat, the beginning of a melody, and think of the words, think of the name of the song, think of the hook, and just go there.''' ,'''I play for a living, but I also love to play. That's a healthy balance of emotion that, as a player, you have to keep balanced.''' ,'''Pretty sure I always say things that upset people, get under people's skin.''' ,'''All the people who can't get into Michigan go to Michigan State.''' ,'''The idea of playing the point and leading a team to the NBA championship is what drove me to get up every day and work on my game as a kid.''' ,'''For those that reach out to try to help others, the less fortunate, those that are impoverished, those that feel like they need a pick-me-up, for somebody to have that extra energy to do that, I really have admiration for him.''' ,'''Coach Fisher, I know what he's accomplished and who he is. He's a great man with a great family, and the Hall of Fame is something he's earned. It's something he deserves.''' ,'''If I'm playing for North Carolina, and Eric Montross goes up and dunks one, I might jump up and hug him like I was his girlfriend. It's supposed to be that way, in my opinion. Players should be able to express themselves and grow.''' ,'''Nothing substitutes for a great education.''' ,'''I just appreciate the support that I've gotten, and do what I can to garner support, is kind of my attitude.''' ,'''I get to talk about sports on television for a living.''' ,'''If you are knowledgeable about something and are able to talk about it, you should be able to express yourself.''' ,'''What I really like is that Chicago is a big city: it has a large market, and you are exposed to everything, like shows and plays.''' ,'''I know Andre Drummond has potential.''' ,]
+++