+++
author = "James Jannard"
title = "James Jannard Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 James Jannard Quotes"
keywords = "james jannard,james jannard quotes,james jannard quote,james jannard sayings,james jannard saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's talent on the streets, kids with ideas who have stories to tell and never get a chance.''' ,'''Mad science is my middle name.''' ,'''With the release of the Dragon sensor... I have finished my mission. I am done posting. I will no longer be the face of Red.''' ,'''Red is a benevolent dictatorship.''' ,'''Anyone who wears glasses can be an Oakley consumer.''' ,'''I'm not Bill Gates. And I'm not Ted Turner.''' ,'''I figured, 'Why not put goggle characteristics like peripheral protection and face fit into sunglasses?'''' ,'''Making the leap from the best sunglasses company in the world to a world-class brand is a natural transition.''' ,'''I have a Bolex, Aaton, Arriflex, Eyemo, Filmo, Mitchell, Photosonic, Beaulieu, Keystone - just about every movie camera you can think of.''' ,'''The concept of Red was to build a camera with as much capability as possible... for the professional market. Then we thought we could extend it down a bit to the prosumer level. Apparently, that was a mistake.''' ,'''I have done my best. I saw a fatal flaw in the camera industry. We did our best to address it.''' ,'''What separates us from other camera companies is that the vision guy is the decision maker. That was one of my biggest advantages at Oakley, and it's the same at Red - I'm in the trenches, in the product development, and I make the final call.''' ,'''I'm terrifically absentminded.''' ,]
+++