+++
author = "Rafael Cruz"
title = "Rafael Cruz Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Rafael Cruz Quotes"
keywords = "rafael cruz,rafael cruz quotes,rafael cruz quote,rafael cruz sayings,rafael cruz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Obamacare is going to destroy the elderly by denying care, by even perhaps denying treatment to people who are in catastrophic circumstances.''' ,'''You know, the Bible is so clear. Go to Genesis chapter nine and you will find the death penalty clearly stated in Genesis chapter nine... God ordains the death penalty!''' ,'''Hispanic values are conservative values. Hispanics are highly religious, they're very strongly pro-traditional family... not only pro-family, but also pro-life. They are highly patriotic.''' ,'''Socialism requires that government becomes your god.''' ,'''I grew up in Cuba under a strong, military, oppressive dictatorship. So as a teenager, I found myself involved in a revolution. I remember during that time, a young, charismatic leader rose up, talking about hope and change. His name was Fidel Castro.''' ,'''If you look at the beginning of this country, when the pilgrims came to this country, the first year they had a communistic experiment. They said, 'OK, we're going to take the land, we're going to work the land together and share in the fruits of our labor.' They almost starved to death. Almost half of them died that first year.''' ,'''One of the things in Obamacare is that for the elderly, is every five years, you must have end-of-year counseling. Translation, 'suicide counseling.'''' ,'''As God commands us men to teach your wife, to teach your children - to be the spiritual leader of your family - you're acting as a priest. Now, unfortunately, unfortunately, in too many Christian homes, the role of the priest is assumed by the wife.''' ,'''Only in America can someone start with nothing and achieve the American Dream. That's the greatness of this country.''' ,'''We need to send Barack Obama back to Chicago. I'd like to send him back to Kenya, back to Indonesia. We have to unmask this man. This is a man that seeks to destroy all concept of God. And I will tell you what, this is classical Marxist philosophy.''' ,'''Except for the Bible, the two greatest documents ever written are the U.S. Constitution and the Declaration of Independence.''' ,'''Social justice is a cancer. Social justice means you are ruled by whatever the mob does. What social justice does is destroy individual responsibility.''' ,'''I haven't heard Obama ask us for our consent when he's trying to ram Obamacare down our throats.''' ,'''The United States of America was formed to honor the word of God.''' ,]
+++