+++
author = "Liz Tuccillo"
title = "Liz Tuccillo Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Liz Tuccillo Quotes"
keywords = "liz tuccillo,liz tuccillo quotes,liz tuccillo quote,liz tuccillo sayings,liz tuccillo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You date somebody, and you have this obviously intense experience where you share a life together in whatever way that is for how many years.''' ,'''Books are really fun because your 'voice' is pretty undiluted. There is a very direct connection between yourself and your audience. You will have an editor, but their job is to help you clarify or improve your voice, not change it.''' ,'''I went to NYU to study liberal arts.''' ,'''Women still come up to me and say, 'If it wasn't for you, I would never have met my husband.'''' ,'''Everyone wants to talk about terrible breakups. Breakups are horrible, they're relatable, and people do them badly. Everyone has a story of a terrible breakup.''' ,'''Film is the toughest one for me, as there are many fingers in the pot, so it can be disappointing. However, to have your work seen on such a large scale, that's a very exciting prospect.''' ,'''Television is fantastic because you get to follow a group of characters over time, and their stories can enrich and surprise you. And you get to work with a group of people over time as well, which can be very satisfying with the right group.''' ,'''The most effort you should expend should be cooking. If you could cook while lying on a couch, that would be perfect.''' ,'''Writers are always sort of threatening to direct, and sometimes they do, and sometimes they don't.''' ,'''A lot of people who wrote for 'Sex and the City' have gone to write about marriage and motherhood.''' ,'''I have always been interested in how strange it is, when you date someone and break up, and then you both move on and continue your lives. What do you owe them, if anything, for that time intimate time spent together? What does that time mean, if anything?''' ,'''I love Nicole Holofcener and Lynn Shelton, both for the same reasons: their films are funny without being forced, intimate and real while also being hugely entertaining.''' ,'''I don't think I have advice for female directors as opposed to male directors. I think all first-time directors should try and be as prepared as they possibly can, because it's hard!''' ,'''Don't watch a lot of television, don't listen to a lot of music. God. What have I been doing with all my time? I'm a bore.''' ,'''I guess that there are many ways to look at being single, and none of them should include shame or feeling less valued.''' ,''''The Look of Silence' was an unforgettable, chilling documentary.''' ,'''My first job in acting was in a Scott Baio movie called 'I Love N.Y.' My role was Italian Girl. I sent my 8x10 to a casting agent in the booklet, 'The Ross Report,' which is where all the agents were listed before that little thing called the Internet. I read for this tiny part. I couldn't have been more excited to get it.''' ,'''In the world of book writing, an author really gets to have control over what he or she writes, which is why it is very satisfying. With the help of a great compatible editor, you really have something in the end you can call your own.''' ,'''I think once somebody is loved, they are somewhere in your heart still loved.''' ,'''I was about 29 or 30, and I started writing monologues for myself. I felt I got more immediate encouragement from that than I ever had in acting.''' ,'''Sweet lordie, there is nothing more fun than getting people in a room to talk about their relationships - in a setting that everyone knows is light and fun but also real.''' ,'''I find meeting someone that you fall in love with and are going to be with for the rest of your life a miracle.''' ,'''I started out wanting to be an actress. My sister was in this theater company in Brooklyn. I saw her in some plays, and I was immediately obsessed. I started auditioning for plays when I was about 10.''' ,'''I love feeling like I'm 'on the pulse' of things. Nothing more satisfying, more valued, more exciting as a writer. Because shaping pop culture really means that you're saying something that a lot of people want to hear.''' ,]
+++