+++
author = "Lena Olin"
title = "Lena Olin Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Lena Olin Quotes"
keywords = "lena olin,lena olin quotes,lena olin quote,lena olin sayings,lena olin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Choosing a role is very difficult. There's no way to have a strategy.''' ,'''I consume music the way other people consume movies.''' ,'''To be a good actor, you have to be very smart. But to be a great actor, you also have to have a streak of, 'I'm an idiot, a complete lunatic.'''' ,'''Everyone is complicated one way or another. But it's interesting to dig into a complicated character, to try to find that within yourself.''' ,'''I use myself for each part. Naturally, it's my body, it's my soul, it's my feelings. That's the only way I know how to work. I couldn't pretend.''' ,'''There are a lot of things to get seduced by in America.''' ,'''I'm not regimented. I don't diet, and I exercise the way I want to.''' ,'''I always sort of create practical problems so that I don't have to see a film I've just done. I'm too vulnerable, too fragile. People see your work, and there's nothing you can do. You're completely exposed.''' ,'''In Sweden, stardom is looked upon as phony. You walk to the theater every day like everybody else.''' ,'''It strikes me every time I do an interview that I don't really sit around thinking about my goals and my life and my career. I do what I love doing and I get a lot of feedback. I'm free as a bird, you know? If I do something good, it's, 'Wow, that was brilliant,' and if I do something bad, it just goes away.''' ,'''By the time the discussion starts about a movie, it's like bringing up an old boyfriend. It's like, 'I don't even remember exactly what he was like, and now we have to talk about it?'''' ,'''I was so full of joy, the happiest kid. Things changed. I don't want to talk about it. I needed attention. I was pathologically shy. I'd climb the highest tree or try to ski off the highest mountain. I'd get into fights. I wanted contact. I'd hit somebody, just for that.''' ,'''Acting is a very strange job.''' ,'''I love the camera; there's something very special and sensual about it, and I have a tendency to call it a he, like it was a man. But, unlike a man, a camera is accepting of everything I do.''' ,'''It's important not to lay in a bubble bath drinking champagne. It's important to take part in what life's all about.''' ,'''My favorite thing to do is eat and eat well.''' ,]
+++