+++
author = "Carole Radziwill"
title = "Carole Radziwill Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Carole Radziwill Quotes"
keywords = "carole radziwill,carole radziwill quotes,carole radziwill quote,carole radziwill sayings,carole radziwill saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I didn't marry into the Kennedy family, I married Anthony Radziwill. I'm proud of him and his family, the Radziwills. They exist, they're real, and they are separate from the Kennedys.''' ,'''As hard as I try I cannot get myself to three museums in any one city. The only museum I've ever really enjoyed was the Picasso Museum in Barcelona and I think that's because it's small and you can touch things.''' ,'''I went into journalism for a reason. I try to be a thoughtful person. I try to see all sides. And I do think before I speak.''' ,'''I'm good in an emergency.''' ,'''I may not have inherited wealth, but I have some inherited humility.''' ,'''My parents worked hard, sometimes two jobs, to keep a roof over our heads and food on the table.''' ,'''The three kinds of people I dislike most are Gossips, Liars, and Hypocrites.''' ,'''You can call someone a lousy writer. You can say you hate their book. You can even call a person 'white trash' but you can't go on television and slander a person's career. It's illegal, even on reality shows.''' ,'''In the grownup world an apology tour is just for show.''' ,'''I'm a reporter by nature, I want to know everything.''' ,'''I've always been 100%. I don't grandstand for the cameras. I don't have fake outrage or indignation. No tricks, no screaming or throwing my leg on the floor.''' ,'''My Grandpa Tony was a legend in our family, and also in his own mind. There's no end to the tales of his exploits.''' ,'''News flash: A girl's girl doesn't try to shame another girl about her age.''' ,'''On my real vacations, I meet up with friends and we go for walks on the beach. We stroll through old cities, swim in the sea, and take afternoon naps. We shop, lunch, and, yeah, drink.''' ,'''Moving on' is a concept invented by Housewives. Housewives who behave so appallingly all they can do is say they are moving on, preferably in a place where everyone can hear them. To stay put and acknowledge that their actions have consequences and to accept responsibility is simply too painful for this particular brand of narcissist.''' ,'''I never call myself a Kennedy cousin. In fact, when I signed my contract with Bravo, I made it very clear that they were not allowed in promos to refer to me as a Kennedy cousin. I'm not that person. I don't feel it.''' ,'''Facts make you face stuff about yourself you'd rather not see.''' ,'''The rumors of Radziwill fortune have been vastly overstated.''' ,'''We're all the stories we tell ourselves.''' ,'''A girl's girl doesn't trash another girl's career.''' ,'''I try to keep it as honest and real as I can with television crews following me around.''' ,'''My first time on the treadmill, I was nervous.''' ,'''I read somewhere on the Internet that I have $50 million, and I think what they meant was 50 million pesos.''' ,'''I've met people from all walks of life.''' ,'''Fostering is not for the faint of heart.''' ,'''I paid my own bills even when I was married and my husband could have easily paid them.''' ,'''I worked to put myself through college.''' ,'''It is a truth universally acknowledged that a delusional Housewife in possession of an audience must be in want of a ludicrous storyline.''' ,'''The best bloggers have tongue planted firmly in cheek.''' ,'''The Shamwow is amazing. So absorbent.''' ,'''Blogs are nothing more than a personal meandering diary for public consumption - a narcissist's dream. So you can imagine when bloggers take themselves - and their blogs - seriously, it's super annoying.''' ,'''There are things I'm never late for. I'm not late for the theater; I'm not late for the movies; I'm not late if my single girlfriend is at a bar somewhere. But if I'm on vacation in Mexico with a bunch of cackling hens, then I'm going to be late for dinner - count on it.''' ,'''I don't like bad smells.''' ,'''I have always approached 'Housewives' as a comedy.''' ,'''I'm a reporter by nature and training. I like things that make sense.''' ,'''If you hear that my soul mate still tells one or more of his exes he loves her, I want to know. Audio recording is preferable.''' ,'''The best advice I can give a girl is to keep new relationships private. There is nothing like a handful of well-intentioned 'girlfriend advice' to derail a blooming romance.''' ,'''My late husband's family is not something I sit around and discuss at cocktail parties.''' ,'''Having to walk and talk and hit a mark and open a door proved nearly impossible for me. I suppose that's why we're on a reality show and not 'Mad Men.' Because we don't act.''' ,'''Laughter cures everything.''' ,'''The publishing industry is not immune to gossips.''' ,'''Publishing is a tough business.''' ,'''The thing about rumors is that everyone believes something about them, even if they are completely unfounded.''' ,'''I do not create events for the sake of television.''' ,'''Only children believe that apologies fix everything.''' ,'''Age-shaming women is abhorrent.''' ,'''I like carbs and I like junk food, and I don't gain any weight from them, so I've been slightly abusive of my body because of this.''' ,'''I was definitely not one of the cool girls in Suffern High School.''' ,'''To be honest, I don't really have my own makeup because when I'm not on television or doing a photoshoot or something I barely wear it.''' ,'''No one can make you feel anything you don't already feel.''' ,'''I'm used to people commenting on my body, even women I have just met.''' ,'''I'm not ever getting a Pulitzer prize and my books aren't on high school reading lists, but for better or worse I'm a working writer.''' ,'''The number one rule of fishing is be quiet. Don't scare the fish!''' ,'''We inherit the family we're born into and create the family we need.''' ,'''I'm nothing if not consistent.''' ,'''Sometimes silence is the best way to shut down an awkward conversation.''' ,'''If there's anything more popular on 'Housewives' than a fight over hair, it's a housewife diving into water. It's a prerequisite for the show, you have to know how to dive, preferably in a monokini.''' ,'''I do hate air conditioning and early mornings, but my friends all know this and plan accordingly.''' ,'''I always think if I'd had kids that I'd manage them like I do my dog Margaret: camps, playdates, naps, and lots of snacks. They'd all be fat.''' ,'''The Women' is one of my all-time favorite movies, you really should watch. It's based on a play by Clare Booth Luce about a group of high society women (one is a Countess!) in 1939 New York.''' ,'''Yes, I'm a carb junkie. No, I don't workout.''' ,'''Perhaps I'm old-fashioned but I don't think mothers want their 25-year-old daughters to marry 85-year-old men, except maybe for the money. Money, at least, makes some sense.''' ,'''I've been underweight my entire life but not so much that I didn't get my period.''' ,'''Life is a marathon and you have to pace yourself. I believe that slow and steady wins the race, so in that way, I've been training for a marathon my whole life.''' ,'''There's nothing more riveting than a contractually obligated 'Housewife' sit-down.''' ,'''I think every girl needs a good lip split story, I have one. I fell onto my front door doorknob coming back from the mailbox, once.''' ,'''I don't consider myself part of the Kennedy family. It's almost like a little point of honor. I'm a DiFalco at the end of the day. An Italian-American from upstate New York.''' ,'''I spent time in refugee camps in Southeast Asia, and in the projects of Chicago. I've been to State dinners with Presidents. I met the Queen of England on a beach in Anguilla. No one is any more valuable or important than you are. No one is more important than your family and your friends.''' ,'''What is your favorite 'Housewife' line? Mine is, 'Who does that?' We all say it. Every Housewife in every city has said it at least 17 times during her reign.''' ,'''People like to gossip about people who are successful.''' ,'''I spent my summers as a kid in an upstate New York hippie town called Saugerties.''' ,'''I'm a lot of things but not a liar or a phony, even when I know it's in my best interest to be.''' ,'''My threshold for mean gossip is nearly intolerable.''' ,'''I, like many young widows, have very well developed gallows humor.''' ,'''I don't hoard things and I don't cling to memories.''' ,'''I'm a writer and I've had some success.''' ,'''Any show that has 'party non-invite' as its central conflict drums up the operatic high drama of a good Russian novel. It's the 'Real Housewives' Crime and Punishment:' first the horror of a non-invitation, and then the shattering aftermath.''' ,'''It's so much easier to be truthful. Maybe I'm just too lazy to lie.''' ,'''Family habits die hard.''' ,'''I've taken a lot of chances in my life.''' ,'''Life is an overwhelming bundle of loose threads. The ones you can hang on to are precious.''' ,'''I just want to say that from an early age, my parents instilled in me the values that you work hard for want you want in life; that your word is your bond; that you do what you say you will do and you treat people with respect. That includes Housewives too!''' ,'''No, I'm not a woman who overshares.''' ,'''One of my greatest extravagances is smelly candles. I'm embarrassed to say, but I spend a disproportionate amount of money on candles. It adds up.''' ,'''There's nothing worse than getting on a crowded subway on, like, a 90-degree day.''' ,'''The first thing I bought when I was 14 and started working was a crystal bear. I thought it was so glamorous and sparkly.''' ,'''Taking care of yourself is a part of life - and it shows.''' ,'''I don't think girls realize that alcohol is just the worst for the skin.''' ,'''I've been told I'm a good guest. I don't take up much space, I don't eat a lot, and I keep my complaints to a minimum.''' ,'''When you own an apartment in NewYork, it's important to know what's happening in your building. Each building runs as its own little municipal town. Much like you might be interested in knowing what is happening in your town because it has a direct effect on the value of your property.''' ,'''I'm cautious in matters of the heart.''' ,'''Running is something you can do and be alone in your thoughts, and I like that. Maybe I've been a runner my whole life.''' ,'''This is America. In our country it doesn't matter a lick where you are from, it only matters where you're going.''' ,'''I do not chase silly drama for the sake of storylines, though it sometimes seems to find me.''' ,'''It's common procedure in the industry for people with little or no professional writing experience to get a book deal because of their profile, and then hire a writer.''' ,'''Some candles are $40, and you burn them for two days and they're done.''' ,'''Liking beauty doesn't mean you're superficial.''' ,'''Friends have each other's backs.''' ,'''I am very close to my mother-in-law, Lee, we see each other often.''' ,'''Delusion and denial does not equal an apology.''' ,]
+++