+++
author = "Roger Craig Smith"
title = "Roger Craig Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Roger Craig Smith Quotes"
keywords = "roger craig smith,roger craig smith quotes,roger craig smith quote,roger craig smith sayings,roger craig smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I don't get enough sleep, my brain gets fatigued, and the voice suffers. If I'm doing some retail work and trying to read and record legal copy, I start sounding like I had a few too many the night before.''' ,'''Most of the time with video games, you're recording by yourself.''' ,'''I grew up playing games, and I remember Christmas 1981 when my dad got us an Intellivision, and we all sat around and played 'Astrosmash' for hours on end. It was a big part of my youth.''' ,'''Just to be involved in anything Disney, whether it's 'Avengers Assemble' or 'Planes' or straight-to-dvd work, it's great.''' ,'''My favorite job is the next one. It's such a gratifying experience getting to creatively keep trying something new and push things in a different direction.''' ,'''The only way to describe my involvement in 'Planes' is that it's an absolute dream come true for me. Getting to be a bad guy in any project is fun, let alone being a Disney villain. I can't imagine anything getting better than that!''' ,'''I'm a fan of characters wherever they come from. Truth be told, I wasn't a big comic book fan growing up. Maybe that helps me bring a fresh perspective to things because I'm not trying to match anything that's been done in the past.''' ,'''Some people work very closely with a director or a producer on something, and from the get go, they're collaborating. But typically, it's just go in for an audition, do the best you can, and if the phone rings a couple of days after the audition and you get the part, that's great.''' ,'''The Internet is a bastion of negativity, and we get to sit there and voice our cute, little, important opinions.''' ,'''I started doing standup when I was in college, and I would incorporate a lot of characters into my act.''' ,]
+++