+++
author = "Dianne Wiest"
title = "Dianne Wiest Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Dianne Wiest Quotes"
keywords = "dianne wiest,dianne wiest quotes,dianne wiest quote,dianne wiest sayings,dianne wiest saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've never really felt at home in L.A. I've only been here to work, and then I immediately go back to New York.''' ,'''The studios are very much business. Maybe it was always that way. It is really commercial now. Judgments are made and directions are given to make the cash register ring.''' ,'''I recently turned down a film that I didn't want my kids to see. Priorities shift. Sometimes I'm sad about that, but not enough to do anything about it.''' ,'''Unless you are unique, your opinion goes out the window.''' ,'''I failed to fulfill what should have been an interesting role. I couldn't take their formula and bring what I had, my humor, my ideas, and make it my own.''' ,'''What I love is a peanut butter and pickle sandwich. I'll just have peanut butter and bananas, then peanut butter and pickles. Peanut butter and chocolate I don't recommend.''' ,'''I got a few laughs and decided I was going to act.''' ,'''Young people are more intelligent and sophisticated.''' ,'''Directors say that you should get actors before they are recognized. They will be a pain or have an opinion.''' ,'''I'm more aware of time. The element of time.''' ,'''I've been grateful for what comes along.''' ,'''Being a family member is hard no matter where you are. It's hard to be a kid. It's hard to be a parent. It's hard to be a brother or sister. It takes patience and kindness and forbearance.''' ,'''I had to choose, I'd be so sad. They are flip sides of the same coin. I love both comedy and drama.''' ,'''The formula is the star. I couldn't work inside that formula.''' ,'''I used to watch dailies and felt I had to keep on top of the character, but I don't feel that any more.''' ,'''It was just this crazy craziness, and the fact that it was shot in Paris, and it had these incredible people in it. It was an easy thing to say yes to.''' ,'''I look at the kids coming out of Yale. They are so intelligent with their careers. I wish I had that.''' ,'''Don't think I'm always nice. I know that's how I've been cast... If they want me to be mean, I can step up to the plate more easily than I would like to admit, as my children will tell you.''' ,'''At our house, my father loved the arts. Among his favorite things was 'The Metropolitan Museum of Art Album of Miniatures' - a box set of small books on different art periods. I'd go into the living room at night and sit on the arm of his chair as he studied the images.''' ,'''You are at the mercies of the dailies. With an indie you don't have that.''' ,'''Woody is so musical in his filmmaking. I've never worked with anyone I've trusted so completely. He won't let you hit a false note.''' ,'''I shot Footloose nearby, and we used to hike. Very fond memories.''' ,'''After the war, my father, Bernard, left the Army Air Forces to fly for Trans World Airlines. But after I was born, he retired from commercial flying to be with my mother, Anne, and me. I was born in Kansas City, Mo., but we left when I was 6 months old.''' ,'''Theater is not to make a living, so I don't have the money pressure.''' ,'''At West Point, we first lived in Central Apartments in a third-floor walk-up next to the hospital where my father worked. My two younger brothers and I shared one big bedroom, and my parents had a tiny one.''' ,'''When I was 8, I began to study ballet. In seventh grade, my mother took me into New York to study at the School of American Ballet. I loved ballet - its precision, the escape from uncertainty, and the music.''' ,'''Sweet things happen. They still do.''' ,]
+++