+++
author = "Edi Rama"
title = "Edi Rama Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Edi Rama Quotes"
keywords = "edi rama,edi rama quotes,edi rama quote,edi rama sayings,edi rama saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Politics has come to resemble a cynical team game played by politicians, while the public has been pushed aside as if sitting on the seats of a stadium in which passion for politics is gradually making room for blindness and desperation.''' ,'''Things can change only through strong personalities. I am not very good at supporting ignorance and mediocrity, so maybe this leads to arrogant gestures and arrogant responses. So, nobody's perfect.''' ,'''I strongly believe in political activity that has to do with choices - and not consensus that sometimes covers problems and doesn't resolve them.''' ,'''When people say all politicians are the same, ask yourself if Obama was the same as Bush, if Francois Hollande is the same as Sarkozy. They are not. They are human beings with different views and different visions for the world.''' ,'''I'm not sure I am a politician. I would say that I am still an artist, and I'm trying to use politics as an instrument for change.''' ,'''Compromise in colors is grey.''' ,'''Albania is going through a deep crisis because it lacks the rule of law, an independent judiciary, and freedom of the media. I don't think if we stop protesting the problem is solved.''' ,'''In my previous life, I was an artist. I still paint. I love art.''' ,'''For 11 years, I was mayor of Tirana, our capital. We faced many challenges. Art was part of the answer, and my name, in the very beginning, was linked with two things: demolition of illegal constructions in order to get public space back, and use of colors in order to revive the hope that had been lost in my city.''' ,'''I still paint. I love the joy that color can give to our lives and to our communities. I try to bring something of the artist in me to my politics.''' ,'''I entered politics from a completely different background from other people in this field, and that has helped me to see and deal with things differently.''' ,]
+++