+++
author = "Kenny Omega"
title = "Kenny Omega Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kenny Omega Quotes"
keywords = "kenny omega,kenny omega quotes,kenny omega quote,kenny omega sayings,kenny omega saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Before going to developmental, I had next to no fundamentals and that was sort of, doing cool chain wrestling and using a lot of holds and stuff.''' ,'''I loved Japanese culture before even realizing it was, in fact, Japanese culture. The cartoons and anime I was watching as a child, my favorite video games, and even in pro wrestling - my favorite wrestlers and matches originated in Japan.''' ,'''It's easy to make rude comments simply for the sake of being rude, but I'd much rather go a more psychological route.''' ,'''WWE, of course, has had some fantastic two out of three falls matches.''' ,'''Even my most physical matches in New Japan have all been athletic contests, and generally, they've all been fair and square. It's been this new, strong style we've been trying to create in New Japan, with my own personal style.''' ,'''New Day rocks. I can't lie.''' ,'''I don't like to risk - I'm actually not a tough guy at all, make no mistake about it, so I'm not going to do something that I'm scared of. So, if something looks dangerous, at the time I didn't think it was, because I'm the first person to cower away from a risk of injury if there seems to be one.''' ,'''I always try to be safe; even when something looks dangerous, it actually isn't to me.''' ,'''Any time I broke through the 'glass ceiling' by accomplishing things that foreigners weren't apparently able to do, they've been huge personal victories and career highlights for me.''' ,'''Everything we do in general, there's gonna be a percentage of risk. Me, making my entrance to the ring, there's actually a percentage of risk I'm going to trip and fall and hurt myself. Me, getting up on the apron, there's a percentage of risk.''' ,'''In WWE, a gay person is usually portrayed like some sort of comedy act to be mocked and laughed at. The world's not like that anymore.''' ,'''There are days when you have tag matches, but you need to prepare for your next singles match on that same day.''' ,'''As an artist, I really feel I need an outlet to exhibit all of my skills.''' ,'''When you are in WWE, you're really strapped down by their rules and writing.''' ,'''I have sort of made it my mission to be treated less as a foreigner, less as a guest.''' ,'''I exposed myself, and I exposed my relationship and deep love and trust for Ibushi in front of the world. And we want to work together and change wrestling for a brighter future.''' ,'''Here's the thing: Tanahashi has this idea that wrestling has to be a certain way. There are borders that you shouldn't cross. Wrestling should be wrestling; there's a 'classic' way. But the thing is, when I watch a Tanahashi match, I feel nothing.''' ,'''Okada and Tanahashi, they don't mind being the wrestler that approaches everything day-of in the ring. I like to go in-depth, to tell the human side of Cody Rhodes, the human side of Kenny Omega. That's why Being The Elite exists.''' ,'''You're not going to get a seven-star match or six or five in a seven-minute segment, but I always do the best I can to make that segment memorable and entertaining, and I think that's always the name of the game.''' ,'''If I lose my confidence, then I'll lose my way.''' ,'''I actually work better within restrictions. When you leave everything wide open, things tend to get a little convoluted. So when you give me those restrictions and I start to use my brain creatively to work around those, that's when things get interesting.''' ,'''If you're holding a championship that means something in the landscape of Japanese wrestling, you're guaranteed to get a huge feature in almost every magazine - you might even be guaranteed a front page. That's big.''' ,'''There are people who would love to see me fail.''' ,'''Back in the day, when I was getting into the business, you could watch Pro Wrestling Noah. You could watch Ring Of Honor Wrestling, and a lot of people would say, 'the best wrestling in the world is actually at Ring Of Honor.'''' ,'''The IWGP title makes me a legend. I've committed half my life to this, and it's worth all the sacrifice. Not only was it worth it, but it was worth it and then some.''' ,'''I really want to be an integral part of the New Japan brand in the United States - and other countries, for that matter, too. I feel that I have a certain versatility that other wrestlers do not.''' ,'''I take a lot of pride in what I do.''' ,'''There's a certain kind of wrestling fan that will only like a certain style. They think that's the right way, and that's okay, but I'm not trying to impress those people. Those people are already kind of set in their ways. I'm trying to open the world to a different style, what pro-wrestling has the potential to be.''' ,'''A lot of my main-event matches will last around the half-hour mark, and if you can have a variety of emotions within that half hour, that's a great story from start to finish.''' ,'''I'm not one to shy away from speaking my mind.''' ,'''While I'm still healthy, while I still have ideas in this crazy head of mine, I want to contribute, and I want to do things that are going to make wrestling fans happy and are going to make new people into wrestling fans that were wrestling fans before. I want to contribute in that manner.''' ,'''It is always funny to see a grown man bully get beat up by a little girl or anything.''' ,'''I am flawed, but at least I can admit it, and at least Kenny Omega, Tyson Smith, is exposed to every single one of you, every single night I perform in the ring. And the relationships that I have in my life with the fans, they're all with me. We are all family.''' ,'''Part of what makes my character work is the delivery of the truth behind my comments.''' ,'''I still feel there is more to this Kenny Omega character, and there are more stories I need to tell, and New Japan allows me that freedom. That is a freedom I earned through the hard work I put into the company.''' ,'''I sort of took the literal term of 'The Cleaner,' and I started bringing janitorial items to the ring with me, so I took garbage bags and brooms and mops.''' ,'''This IWGP title means more with me than any WWE championship.''' ,'''As naturally athletic as I'm gifted to be, where certain things came easily, I always rely on my brain first.''' ,'''I could say, you know, if I could work with Seth Rollins at some point in time, that would be a lot of fun.''' ,'''The Young Bucks and myself are always full of ideas.''' ,'''I'm lucky that my best strength as a wrestler has always been my brain.''' ,'''The WWE belt means nothing; it means absolutely nothing. They pass around that belt like a hot potato. I probably have a neighbor on my block who held that belt at one point. There is no prestige to that belt whatsoever.''' ,'''We're always driven by our mindset and feeling on a particular show day, so you'll never know what you'll get until you see it happen in the ring.''' ,'''I loved DDT for the freedom; I was able to tell the wackiest and wildest of stories but also test myself as an athlete.''' ,'''I can comfortably say that I very much dislike a person like Jim Cornette, so the day that he disappears from this business permanently, I think, will be a happy day for professional wrestling.''' ,'''For me personally, I think too much emphasis is put on, 'Okay, how cool are my moves?' and, 'How do I string them together?' 'How do I get this move in the match within this time limit?' and that's it.''' ,'''I've always been on the outside looking in. I was never popular in school, despite my success in athletics. I would win track and field competitions, but I wouldn't go to parties. I'd be alone.''' ,'''I only ever get to work with Naito once a year. I'd love to wrestle him again. Yeah, he's good, for sure. The person I've never worked before in a New Japan ring - and I'd be happy to get the chance and show the difference of styles - is Zack Sabre, Jr., so that'd be another one. Yeah, he's one of my favorites.''' ,'''If I were ever in a position to appear more for ROH, I would accept nothing less than to be recognized as the best - which would mean having to challenge the top dogs/champions.''' ,'''Learning Japanese was certainly a task, but my passion for the culture, as well as my will to communicate with fans and friends, always encouraged me to continue.''' ,'''There's a lot of deep emotional connections between wrestlers.''' ,'''I went from being a junior - and probably set to be Kushida's arch-nemesis until the cows came home - to suddenly being vaulted into the heavyweight title picture for the Intercontinental championship. That taught me a lesson: I couldn't put a limit on myself.''' ,'''The problem with Deep South to me is that there was a group that were tight with the boss, and they would always go out and drink and have barbeques. Then, when WWE would say, 'Who should we look at?' Bill Demott would say, 'Oh, look at this guy and this guy.' Of course those were his buddies.''' ,'''If LGBT people can identify with our story, if they think, 'The Golden Lovers are my team,' I'm good with that.''' ,'''Ibushi isn't going anywhere. He's staying with me, and I support his success 100%. But we will continue our success as the Golden Lovers, both as a tag team and as single performers.''' ,'''Pentagon not only has the untrainable 'It' factor but also the rare ability to adapt and succeed wherever he competes. He has a unique charisma about him that fans connect with, and regardless of where he competes or what style is prominent, he seamlessly blends in - yet stands apart from everyone else on the card.''' ,'''Winning the title is an important detail to the story, but how you get there is much more important.''' ,'''Fans, wrestlers, and even the general public have been conditioned to believe that there's an enormous skill gap between WWE and everyone else.''' ,'''What true 'Strong Style' really is, is the battle of the heart of man. It's not about how strong and how forceful you're throwing your blows. It's showing the never-say-die attitude of the human spirit. As long as it looks like you're fighting and giving your all, people will believe.''' ,'''Of course I'm not stupid enough to think that we could take on WWE head-on and win, because they're too big of a monster.''' ,'''A finishing move is an important part of one's character - and sometimes success.''' ,'''I have this original style that I want to show to the world. I don't want to be kind of this beat down, bruise-you-up kind of dude and have Karl Anderson cut all my promos for me. I don't want to have to do that.''' ,'''It's funny: there's this idea where Kenny is only good because he can do what he wants, and he gets time. Well, everyone else through those doors had had time and opportunity. Why didn't they do anything special?''' ,'''Everyone loves to laugh.''' ,'''The Bullet Club has sort of become this pop-culture phenomenon. You don't even have to like wrestling or follow our product, and you can wear a Bullet Club shirt, and it's cool.''' ,'''I main-evented a sold-out Budokan Arena show; I participated in the first-ever ladder match in NJPW, made the transition from junior to heavyweight, and earned a G1 win with a series full of performances that I'm personally very proud of.''' ,'''I can be multi-cultural, multi-lingual, work a physical style, push forward entertaining storylines, and be the more worldly entertainment that the company needs.''' ,'''You should never bury someone to forward your own personal interest. And I would never do that to anyone else on the planet.''' ,'''A lot of people, especially performers in wrestling, feel that winning the title is the only statistic that matters, but it's always about the journey. If you don't have the people behind you, believing in you, and the start of a new chapter after winning the title, then you don't have anything.''' ,'''Not to knock TNA, but there's too much hokey talking and segments that don't really involve wrestling.''' ,'''Really, Tanahashi belongs in the WWE. He can be the next Roman Reigns.''' ,'''I think it's important to show in the 21st century that if you're gay, lesbian, trans, whatever, that you should feel just as welcome to be a wrestling fan as anyone else. You're welcome in the space.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I thought there was only WWE. That's it. One promotion in the world. And then, as I grew up, I found that there's local wrestling. There's WCW, there's ECW. In Mexico, there are the luchadores. And then, finally, I realized there's wrestling in Japan.''' ,'''There are times you break up with a loved one, a friend, or whatever. You feel alone. It's a very easy feeling to understand - the feeling of loss, heartache, and pain.''' ,'''I try to think of things in levels, pain levels and such, injury levels, like, 'How bad is this injury supposed to be? How much should I be selling?' And I think it also helps with the emotional attachment of fans when you're trying to tell a story as well.''' ,'''I am invading homes everywhere, all over the Internet and on TV - all you have to do is search the name, and you can find me anywhere, from New Japan World to Ring of Honor.''' ,'''In high school, despite my involvement on four different sports teams, I threw my duties of being a jock out the window and spent my spare time in wrestling training or on the PS2.''' ,''''Virtual Pro Wrestling 2' remains the best wrestling game ever, in my opinion.''' ,'''As a professional wrestler in the position I am in, I would rather have people remember my matches for an emotion or for a certain thought it evoked when they saw it.''' ,'''Why use your natural abilities to make someone feel bad? I just want to be the guy who uses his power to be positive.''' ,'''I guess what Kenny Omega is, even though the image is something that was given to me by New Japan and then tweaked by me, it's just me, Tyson Smith. Yeah, that's me, just a guy that likes to joke around when he doesn't have to be serious. And when he has to be serious, he's really serious!''' ,'''It's no secret that I love the country, and Japan has always felt like a second home to me.''' ,'''My dreams are bigger than money; they're bigger than fame.''' ,'''If people love you, if you're making money, if the performances you have are unlike anything anyone has ever seen, you get put in a position to be the man.''' ,'''A lot of people think that comedy is sort of a cop out to not wrestling seriously, but I actually would argue that comedy is much more difficult than wrestling seriously because you have to be creative in almost everything that you do if you want the comedy to make sense within the realms of pro wrestling.''' ,'''I don't want people to look back at my matches and say, 'When you did that move, it was good, and I liked it because it was cool.' I want people to sort of remember a rush of images and the emotion that they felt when they saw it. That's when I think you have a real masterpiece in your hands.''' ,'''As a kid, when the neighbors were out playing street hockey or tackle football, my friends and I were in my basement with the NES/SNES.''' ,'''The best wrestler in the world is me.''' ,'''John Cena is one of the great WWE talents that I respect most. If I were to end up there, working with someone of his caliber would certainly be a goal and jive with my mission of changing wrestling.''' ,'''All I know is what I have been given and what opportunities lie before me. Try to make the best of them, and I'm not going to give up until I make it to the top.''' ,'''I think, for many people, they think there's one giant promotion, and that's all that there is. It must be the best. But as they expand their palate and their horizons, they realize that, oh, there's other wrestling out there. They might not necessarily like it more, but it's an option now.''' ,'''What I'm trying to say, in general, I think, as long as you try as hard as you can and show that you can answer the call and run with the ball when you get it, there really is no limit.''' ,'''I am a very firm believer in Cody Rhodes. I think he is fantastic, an absolute superstar. Unbelievable in the ring, great timing, great pacing - he's in great physical conditioning, can cut a heck of a promo, and just an all-around good guy.''' ,'''When I see Big E, I clearly see someone who could be world champion. The guy is on another level.''' ,'''We have a very physical performance art. A lot of times, when you want to achieve a certain emotion, you have to use professional wrestling ingredients, which are moves or a sequence of moves.''' ,'''Since I'm not in WWE, some people think I'm not even in their league. It's easy for me to tune those people out because they have no idea what they're talking about.''' ,'''I have things about me that I dislike; I'm not a perfect human being.''' ,'''I have a vision for what I want wrestling to be, and I was fortunate not just to have the opportunity to show my talents at the right time, and not just to have the right opponents, and not just to have the knowledge that the front office has faith in me, but also the good fortune not to get hurt in the middle of all this.''' ,'''I'll take all my matches against WWE's best matches, I'll put it up against Ring of Honor's best matches, or whatever promotion you want, and I guarantee people will be more entertained with my matches than theirs.''' ,'''I had always wanted a top spot, ever since I came to Japan in 2008.''' ,]
+++