+++
author = "Rachel Campos-Duffy"
title = "Rachel Campos-Duffy Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Rachel Campos-Duffy Quotes"
keywords = "rachel campos-duffy,rachel campos-duffy quotes,rachel campos-duffy quote,rachel campos-duffy sayings,rachel campos-duffy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Life is tougher for Americans - especially for those who voted by the highest percentages for President Obama's promise of hope and change.''' ,'''Feminism should be about liberating women, all women, even Republican women, to be their true selves.''' ,'''And if you think I'm conservative, my mother is twice as conservative.''' ,'''I want all Latinos to know the American dream is alive. I believe in economic liberty. I believe there's no demographic more suited to achieving the American dream than Latinos.''' ,'''There are a lot of blessings from being a big family, but there's also a lot more work. My kids understand that we are a team and we have to work together, so I don't do it all by myself.''' ,'''When candidate Donald Trump ran for the highest office in the land, he promised to fight for forgotten Americans. In the presidential election of 2016, the forgotten Americans of the Upper Midwest and the coal country of Kentucky and West Virginia, many of them life-long Democrats, delivered a decisive win for this first-time Republican candidate.''' ,'''I have made a choice to fully enjoy my kids and this particular season of my life. It's a very conscious, powerful decision. In some ways, it takes more guts to buck the financial rewards and adulation that come from a professional career to pursue something so culturally undervalued as at-home motherhood.''' ,'''My advice to Republicans: Stop worrying about the 'Hispanic' vote. Focus on being true to your party platform, because the party that can deliver economic opportunity along with traditional family values will prevail with Hispanics - and most other Americans.''' ,'''If you were to ask me what the No. 1 lesson I learned from being on 'The Real World', and I challenge you to go back to the episodes and you will see that I'm right: I learned the myth of liberal tolerance.''' ,'''Consumerism is the reason Christmas has morphed into a hollow shopping ritual that leaves too many families with debt hangovers and an empty feeling inside.''' ,'''You don't have to choose between June Cleaver or Barbara Walters. There are miles of space between them.''' ,'''And what happens when you have a lot more kids is you gain more confidence, you figure out what's necessary, what's not, and you learn to manage your time better as a mom with kids who are over the age of 10.''' ,'''Socialism means government dependency, rationed resources, and exorbitant taxation. It means the destruction of every incentive to achieve.''' ,'''My father was raised a union Democrat. He cast his first ballot for a Republican in 1980 for Ronald Reagan.''' ,'''Minority and low-income parents are just as capable as wealthy parents of identifying schools that are providing a first class education. Stop infantilizing us and start empowering our families with choice, with freedom, and personal responsibility.''' ,'''I wouldn't say that a big family is for everybody, and I've brought my kids, for example, to New York City, and I can tell you it's much harder to raise that number of kids in a city like New York than it is to raise them in rural Wisconsin where I live.''' ,'''When it comes to talking to your kids about economics, start early beause the progressive culture-makers are starting earlier than you think! Cartoon storylines regularly denegrate competition and other foundational principles of capitalism.''' ,'''A strong, durable Puerto Rican economy will leave the island better prepared to handle future natural disasters.''' ,'''When I was a young co-ed at Arizona State University, my sister was the president of the College Republicans. I was her secretary.''' ,'''If you aren't talking to your kids about socialism, someone else is. So use car time, dinner time, tax preparation time, and time spent together at your work or small business to teach your child about the virtues of capitalism, the system of government that has lifted more people out of poverty.''' ,'''I don't need my president to be my savior - I already have one.''' ,'''Most charter schools admit students by random lottery, making it impossible for them to pick only the best.''' ,'''Immigrants and refugees who have escaped the corrupt, dysfunctional, crime-ridden, socialist and communist regimes of Latin America are precisely the kind of hard-working and grateful people we should be welcoming to the U.S.''' ,'''Well, being a mom is the best job in the world.''' ,'''The idea that the Hispanic vote hinges on one issue - immigration - is the most ridiculous and patronizing notion.''' ,'''I get up with the kids, get them ready for school and make everyone breakfast. Breakfast during the week consists of some sort of cooked grain with dried fruit, nuts and almond milk; I'm a fanatic about the kids eating their porridge!''' ,'''During the weeks before Christmas, though it's not always possible, we make an effort to keep the kids away from shopping malls and stores. We also deliberately choose cards and decorations that have religious significance.''' ,'''When fathers are not present, government becomes the 'baby daddy' and conservative social values are harder to pass on to the next generation.''' ,'''Work is at the heart of human dignity.''' ,'''Like Christmas, Easter has lost much of its religious meaning in popular culture. Ask your average kid what the holiday is about and they will tell you all about the Easter Bunny, eggs hunts and baskets full of candy.''' ,'''Building community coalitions with pro-life groups and pro-business groups takes time.''' ,'''I am a practicing Catholic, not an evangelical Christian, but in 2016 I stood with millions of evangelicals who decided that Donald Trump would be the best person to fight for our religious liberty.''' ,'''In fact, there is an academic blackout about the atrocities perpetrated in the name of communism and socialism.''' ,'''My dad, grew up poor in a copper-mining town in Arizona. The eleventh of 15 children, he learned to be resourceful and entrepreneurial at a young age, shining shoes at local bars and starting his own pinata business at the tender age of twelve.''' ,'''You know the adage, when you want something done, ask a busy person. It's so true. Having kids taught me to prioritize, delegate, and accept life's imperfections. I also learned the all-important skill of jumping off the train: taking breaks in career and passion pursuits to tend to the things that last.''' ,'''Whether they 'lean into' career, family, or both, let's not underestimate the wisdom of women to define happiness and success for themselves.''' ,'''What women really want is opportunity and the freedom to love and accept all aspects of womanhood - the intellectual, spiritual, professional, biological and relational dimensions of who we are.''' ,'''Indeed the Obamas, the Clintons, and many other elites who oppose school choice and make it harder for charter schools to operate, send their own children to private institutions that cost more than many Hispanic families make in a year.''' ,'''Rooming with six strangers and having my life taped for MTV's groundbreaking reality series, 'The Real World', in the nation's most liberal city was a formative experience for a young, Hispanic, conservative, Catholic girl from the Southwest.''' ,'''For practicing Christians, Easter Sunday and the Holy week that precedes it are the apex of our faith. Without the resurrection of Christ there is no Christianity.''' ,'''Sundays are church and more family time. Sunday evenings I try to organize myself for the week ahead.''' ,'''By granting 4 million undocumented immigrants social security numbers that can potentially be misused through loopholes in our tax code and voting laws, President Obama is poisoning the waters of public perception and reinforcing negative stereotypes of Latinos and all immigrants.''' ,'''As we celebrate International Women's Day, it's not enough to applaud the contributions of women worldwide. We should also recognize and celebrate the opportunities and financial independence women enjoy because of entrepreneurial capitalism.''' ,'''Before I had my first child, I thought women had to decide between being a mom and a fulfilling, successful professional life. I was wrong. Very wrong.''' ,'''My sister and I graduated from Arizona State University where she was president and I was secretary of the College Republicans.''' ,'''I still remember how me and my husband spent 30 minutes trying to convince our then 10 and 12 year old son and daughter that they really would love this black and white movie called, 'It's a Wonderful Life'.''' ,'''Government policies ought to encourage families to stay together and work hard to improve their lives, not punish them.''' ,'''Parents and grandparents ought to understand the importance of making sure the next generation excels - and charter schools have proven extraordinarily successful nearly everywhere they've been tried.''' ,'''Conservatives need to demonstrate in word and deed that we genuinely care about Hispanics and want them to join us.''' ,'''Hispanics are hard working, and that's something I'm very passionate about.''' ,'''How many times have you wanted to make a chocolate cake from scratch or prove you can make a flakey crust as good as your grandmother's....but you just don't have the time! A snow day is the perfect day to enlist the kids with no time pressure, or worse, dinner guests to impress.''' ,'''Should Americans take care of their brothers and sisters? Absolutely. We all have an obligation as individuals to care for the poor. And, yes, there is a role for government and even food stamps in this equation.''' ,'''The free market and regulatory reforms enacted by a Republican-led Congress and President Trump have resulted in a blue-collar recovery, breathing life and jobs into working-class communities that Democrats had written off as expendable collateral damage in the inevitable globalization plans of American and global elites.''' ,'''On the weekends, it's much more relaxed. I enjoy cooking, so on Saturdays I make a big breakfast of eggs or pancakes, and sausage. Sean makes a mean cup of coffee. We read or put on music and watch the kids dance. We really enjoy hanging out together as a family.''' ,'''The truth is, most undocumented immigrants come here for economic opportunity and the American Dream. They aren't seeking tax credits or handouts.''' ,'''Educating children and their parents on the universal messages of free enterprise and self-determination takes money. So does grooming political talent within the community and training and hiring Latino surrogates to bring the message to Spanish- and English-speaking media.''' ,'''I make no apologies for not being very outdoorsy and for not really enjoying the cold.''' ,'''Because a lot of people really associate liberalism and Democrats with tolerance, and I found it to be quite the opposite. They're tolerant as long as you agree with them! I felt like not only was I tolerant, I was curious and open-minded.''' ,'''I always give the opposite advice of all the feminists: I say you must get your education or decide what you want to do in that regard, but then get your love life in order.''' ,'''My kids love old Hollywood movies and look forward to watching the Charlton Heston classic, 'The Ten Commandments,' every year. The retro special effects and over-acting are fun to watch and the story is a great reminder of our Jewish roots in the Passover meal.''' ,'''I may be brown on the outside, but on the inside, I'm all American.''' ,'''It's so fun for kids to dye eggs. But on Holy Thursday, we make a special batch of dyed eggs. Instead of pastel, the eggs we dye on Holy Thursday are dyed only red to symbolize the blood of Jesus.''' ,'''I'm so happy I married a fellow Catholic because I think that marriage is tough enough - that's one area that's just not something we argue about. There's no contention about it because we're both on the same page.''' ,'''Nothing is more infuriating to me than the way the media and political parties conflate Hispanic-Americans and illegal immigrants. We are not one and the same, and our interests and priorities are often very different.''' ,'''When my Mexican-born grandfather, Rafael, immigrated to work in the mines of the American Southwest, where he eventually settled with his young bride to raise 15 kids, he did it to give his children a better life.''' ,'''Every kid is going to be his or her own individual, they all have their own style of doing things.''' ,'''Words don't define me. Actions, my faith, and the strength of my relationships and family do.''' ,'''The Real World' perfectly captured the politically correct, multicultural zeitgeist of the 1990s, and it was exhilarating to be at the center of a pop culture phenomenon.''' ,'''Hispanics don't want more programs to make them comfortable in their poverty. What Hispanics really want is more opportunity: the freedom to work, leave poverty behind, and rise into the ranks of the middle class and beyond.''' ,'''The notion of a non-religious Christmas is ridiculous. But so is the insistence on the part of Christians that politicians and retailers carry out their pro-Christmas crusade.''' ,'''We didn't plan one of my kids; they just kind of happened. So I've just kind of taken each one as a blessing sent to me by God.''' ,'''Socialism is the antithesis of opportunity and it's time to reject this failed and dangerous idea once and for all.''' ,'''Indeed, many immigrants do not even desire U.S. citizenship, preferring a work visa that would allow them to work seasonally and to legally cross the border into their home country as needed.''' ,'''Indeed, one of the least-talked-about dangers of our ever-expanding entitlement culture is that it threatens the viability of these necessary programs for those who genuinely need and use them as a bridge to a better life.''' ,'''Over the years I have heard all the psychological analysis which says that habitually tardy people are narcissists and I don't buy it. I'm late because I am always trying to do one more thing for my family before I leave the door.''' ,'''Every American deserves a shot at the American dream.''' ,'''There are some things that I don't do well because I'm a woman with regards to raising my kids, and Sean is better suited to do. And there are some things I'm better suited at.''' ,'''We heat our home with wood so the fireplace is always going and it's pretty cozy in here, which is good because we have long winters in Wisconsin.''' ,'''Progressives control America's schools and text book industry and they dishonestly leave the ugliest parts of the collectivist story out.''' ,'''The voices of economic freedom, personal responsibility, and self-determination are virtually nonexistent in Hispanic communities and media.''' ,'''No child's future should ever be dictated by what zip code they were born in.''' ,'''In their zeal to show compassion, liberal community activists are quick to offer government handouts and, in the process, convey the message that people are incapable of making it on their own.''' ,'''Competition works. Ask any parent if their child will run faster from the house to the mailbox if he runs by himself or if he races to the mailbox with his sister. It's a no brainer.''' ,'''Pursue your dreams, but don't be afraid to slow down or jump off the train when your heart calls you to tend to things that last - love, marriage, babies, and happy kids. You can always jump back on the train. It's your journey.''' ,'''All kids love to color - even the older ones, and it can be a very relaxing activity for everyone.''' ,'''Well, if you are planning a Caribbean vacation, you can start by booking it to this warm and friendly island paradise as soon as it is ready to receive tourists. As a U.S. territory, your trip to Puerto Rico doesn't require a passport or currency exchange.''' ,'''Hispanics work hard and are willing to make tremendous sacrifices for the next generation.''' ,'''I would say that the best compliment I have gotten is from teachers who say they can tell that my kids come from a big family because they can see that they anticipate other people's needs and they don't think the world revolves around them.''' ,'''My poor kids have accepted that being dropped off late to birthday parties, practices, and yes, school, is just part of the large family package.''' ,'''The Trumps were elected because of or in spite of their wealth - depending on how you feel about the First Family. They never misrepresented themselves. They have always been honest about who they are.''' ,'''The tropical island of Puerto Rico couldn't be more different than America's rust belt or the mountains of Appalachia, but here too live Americans who feel forgotten by our leaders and left behind by our economy.''' ,'''Instead of getting swept up in a whirlwind of banal 'holiday' parties, useless gift exchanges and harried shopping, my family tries hard to use the weeks of Advent to prepare our hearts and home in meaningful ways for the Prince of Peace.''' ,'''When Hispanics start businesses at two times the rate of the average population, it seems to me that fewer regulations and dictates from Washington will do more to encourage start-ups, hiring, and progress up the economic ladder.''' ,'''I always say that my motto when it comes to children is: My job is not to get you into Harvard, it's to get you to heaven.''' ,'''Interestingly, I was in D.C. in 2000, when George Bush was inaugurated. With our baby in her stroller, my husband and I were confronted with hundreds of angry protesters hell-bent on destroying what should have been a bi-partisan celebration of the 'peaceful transition of power'.''' ,'''We know that the enemy of upward mobility is not poverty or even other people's success. The enemy of upward mobility is apathy and an educational system that offers choice to the privileged and traps the most vulnerable in unsafe and poor performing schools.''' ,'''Charter schools in particular have proven a lifeline for millions of children stuck in chronically failing schools.''' ,'''Sometimes well-intentioned programs can lead to dependency and cause us to forget we have what it takes to attain the American dream.''' ,]
+++