+++
author = "Christine Taylor"
title = "Christine Taylor Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Christine Taylor Quotes"
keywords = "christine taylor,christine taylor quotes,christine taylor quote,christine taylor sayings,christine taylor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''Hey Dude' was shot in Arizona, and that took me to the West Coast. We did 65 episodes. It was not a show that a ton of people saw, so it was like doing acting classes and getting paid for it. At that point I had the acting bug. So I went to L.A. to give it a try and never left.''' ,'''I just go with my gut.''' ,'''I looked like an alien, and in front of the most beautiful people on TV.''' ,'''It's not like I had big dreams to go to California and become an actor. I loved doing my shows at school and community theater, and I probably would have settled in New York because it was closer. I was going to go to NYU.''' ,'''Someday I'd love to do Shakespeare.''' ,'''I like that I have kids still willing to hold my hand.''' ,'''We have a new puppy and that's enough! Two babies and three dogs is enough.''' ,'''I like things bright.''' ,'''If I had made it in cheerleading, I would have never been an actress.''' ,'''I have no projects on the horizon. I don't feel frustrated. It's a great life lesson for me.''' ,'''I can't stand the club scene.''' ,'''But 'Hey Dude' was shot in Arizona, and that took me to the West Coast. We did 65 episodes. It was not a show that a ton of people saw, so it was like doing acting classes and getting paid for it. At that point I had the acting bug. So I went to L.A. to give it a try and never left.''' ,'''It's all about impressing people.''' ,'''I like circle time and school drop-off. And I like that I have kids still willing to hold my hand.''' ,'''I can't stand the club scene. It's all about impressing people.''' ,'''When Ben and I first got married and we first had kids, I felt I needed to prove we could still do it and I could still work separately from Ben and I could still work with him. I just let go of all of that now. I said to him, 'For me, a little bit goes a long way.'''' ,'''My family's always been really funny. I feel like comedy's hard. I feel like it's so important.''' ,'''All through school, people told me I looked like Marcia Brady.''' ,'''It's always just a great thing to see your kids connecting and you see the different stages.''' ,'''It was so inspiring for me to watch tennis growing up. I thought I was really good playing, until my brother told me I wasn't!''' ,'''We want to encourage the young ones to learn and get some confidence in sports. It's fun and keeps you active and moving.''' ,]
+++