+++
author = "Chip Kidd"
title = "Chip Kidd Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Chip Kidd Quotes"
keywords = "chip kidd,chip kidd quotes,chip kidd quote,chip kidd sayings,chip kidd saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think the genre of comics sometimes overtakes the medium, and people assume that they are kind of frivolous. If you have a good, strong story teller, they can be as affecting as any character in literature. Period.''' ,'''I wouldn't buy a book simply because I like the cover. I would pick it up. The jacket can call your attention to it. But in that sense, Oprah Winfrey is worth all the jackets in the world. A jacket is basically trying to do what she does all on her own.''' ,'''I often get asked, 'Is the book dead?' It hasn't happened yet. It's different than music. Music was always meant to be pure sound - it started out as pure sound and now it's pure sound again. But books started out as things. Words on paper began as words on paper. The paperback book is the best technology to deliver that information to you.''' ,'''I'm a very slow reader.''' ,'''The thing that I came to realize was that Schulz is the great unifier. Here's the one cartoonist that pretty much everybody can agree on.''' ,'''I'd have to say that the things that mean the most to me are the examples of original comic art that I'm able to look at every day, most of them either by notable friends and/or for projects that I've worked on.''' ,'''I really liked the design of Batman. I liked the concept. There's a lot more you can do with Batman than most other superheroes.''' ,'''I still have a steady stream of book cover work. I'm grateful for it. Viva le book!''' ,'''I think too many comic book covers are way too busy, crammed with far too much information, both visual and verbal, that just becomes a dull noise.''' ,]
+++