+++
author = "Cindy Wilson"
title = "Cindy Wilson Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Cindy Wilson Quotes"
keywords = "cindy wilson,cindy wilson quotes,cindy wilson quote,cindy wilson sayings,cindy wilson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Tame Impala and I love the psychedelia. To me, it sounds like Blind Faith and old bands from back in the freak days. It just hit a nerve to me. I was just really feeling that sound.''' ,'''It's time to do something different. Mind you, I'm grateful to have my career with The B-52s, but it's nice to have fun and play with my voice.''' ,'''Putting beauty in your life can be an amazing therapy. I love harmonies and a good melody.''' ,'''Athens is an amazing city for creativity. I bought a house there. A little, tiny place.''' ,'''People come up to me and tell me how they were in a dark place and our music helped them out. It's mind-blowing. It's not just 'Rock Lobster' or 'Love Shack' - there's much more there.''' ,'''People get a real kick out of hearing our songs with an orchestra. It makes you feel like you're in a movie with unexpected bursts of energy. It's really kind of psychedelic in a way.''' ,'''You just have to keep at it and budget yourself; be prudent. It's art, so you really don't go into it to make a zillion dollars, but there's definitely bills to pay, and I want everyone in the band to have a salary and whatever they need.''' ,'''I get to play around with different ideas and beautiful melodies. I don't have to yell in a rock voice. I think you can get an emotional depth in the types of rooms we're playing that you can't find in larger rooms.''' ,'''We're playing small clubs and doing it all in a van. I have management, and they've done a good job of getting our tour plan together, but we're still having to go and rent the vehicles and all the little things you need to do. You really have to watch your budget.''' ,'''If something's upsetting me, being able to go in and work on new music makes all the difference in the world.''' ,'''Some of my fondest memories are of being in a van. It can be exhausting, but many adventures can be had.''' ,'''Life is nutty, so it's good to sing and have a good time.''' ,'''The Sex Pistols came through Atlanta, and I got to go see them. That was historic. It blew me away; it was so much fun. I bought 45s of bands you don't hear about anymore.''' ,'''That's what it's all about: learning and taking this journey. It's wonderful.''' ,'''I came to work one day, and Ricky was playing music on his guitar, just snickering. He played me the riff that turned out to be 'Rock Lobster,' and it was hilarious. He was just trying to be funny. His guitar style made it moodier, and it really is a driving song, but it does have that funny humor to it.''' ,'''The music comes alive when you actually perform it in front of a crowd.''' ,'''In the B-52s, we employ a lot of people. It's a machine that keeps it all going, which is wonderful.''' ,'''It's wonderful to hear strings on 'Planet Claire'.''' ,'''With the solo stuff, it's like starting over from scratch. It's rolling up your sleeves and getting down to work.''' ,'''It's incredible to have people come up to you and tell you that you changed their life when their life was really, really dark. That you brought some light in. You also learn that it's OK to be a weirdo and not follow the rules.''' ,'''When The B-52s started in the late '70s, music and the business was totally different. Obviously, it's easier for everyone to be able to work with music, record, and get good quality.''' ,'''I had my hair down for a long time. I shaved my head, you know, a couple of years ago. And, then, I started to wear my hair short, and I thought that was cool. But, at the same time, I never want to put rules down on me and say, 'OK, I do this for this and this for that.' I just don't like rules. I don't.''' ,'''A lot of people love men that rock; I love men that love a good melody and a good harmony.''' ,'''Music is a wonderful way of healing and helping get through things.''' ,'''I have a good time doing 'Give Me Back My Man.' Keith Strickland can really fly on the guitar.''' ,'''We all have a hidden mystic quality if we can learn and trust to tap into that power.''' ,'''I've told older friends to pick up the guitar because it's a great way to express yourself. It's not all about making money: it's about creating art and working with other people. It's a journey, and it's a really fun thing to do.''' ,'''I should have only one cup of coffee a day. I try to do that most of the time, but sometimes on the road you need a little more.''' ,'''A lot of people write and tell us what The B-52s meant to them - straight, straight-A students, those who were a little awkward, weren't always the ones who fit in. People have told us that just having us and our music was beyond important and really made me feel that what we were doing was worth something big.''' ,'''Athens is one of those cities that is very livable. And it's inexpensive. You can get by. And that makes for creativity. So people tend to stay there. I still have some friends there that never left.''' ,'''You try to stay in the moment and act like you're singing the song for the first time. You try to have a good time yourself. That's the most important thing. If you're having a good time, people will join you.''' ,]
+++