+++
author = "Joe Gomez"
title = "Joe Gomez Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Joe Gomez Quotes"
keywords = "joe gomez,joe gomez quotes,joe gomez quote,joe gomez sayings,joe gomez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've realised that being healthy and having the opportunity to play isn't something that everyone has all the time. I am lucky to be able to do something I enjoy doing.''' ,'''The key is to stay level headed. Not get too high with the highs. At the same time, you need to stay strong when things aren't going your way.''' ,'''I know if I'm playing centre-back, there are certain places where you don't give your full-back the ball - because I've been the full-back!''' ,'''It means a lot to me to be from London. Obviously, it's where I spent the majority of my life, it's where I learnt a lot about different cultures and different people, and it toughened me up at times.''' ,'''For me, growing up, my main role model was Rio Ferdinand when he was playing with England. He was a centre half. I liked his style of play, and he played with a lot of passion.''' ,'''I couldn't cook. I could put a pizza from Iceland in the oven, but that was it.''' ,'''Football means everything to me. It's been my life from four years old onwards. It's given me the best moments of my life and the lowest.''' ,'''I don't want to build a reputation for just being able to take long throws.''' ,'''I am very much a boring guy anyway.''' ,'''I'm still a young player - I'm still learning - so all I can try to do is soak up what's around me, and I've got great individuals, great people, to learn from and inspire to be like as well as how I want to play, so I'm grateful to be in the position I'm in and learn from the people I am.''' ,'''Coming here to Liverpool, with the history of playing young players, it was the place to go to if I was to move. They've not let me down.''' ,'''Growing up in South London was what moulded me, really. I grew up in Caford, Lewisham. It just meant a lot of time playing out with my friends... football, obviously. It wasn't always the nicest area, but it was better for it.''' ,'''I think it's a natural progression: a lot of centre-backs start wide when they're young and move inside.''' ,'''You can get caught up in a lot of things playing for Liverpool. The main thing is to stay grounded. That's something I won't forget.''' ,'''It's about staying level-headed and being appreciative of the chances I got and the games I played but, at the same time, wanting more.''' ,'''Every time you train, every time you play, it's an opportunity. You have to use them while you have them.''' ,]
+++